http://www.jewelers.org/privacy
ConsumersJewelers & JA Members
Find A JewelerMy AccountContact
About JA& Our MembersAbout Jewelers of AmericaThe JA CodeFind a JA JewelerJA 100 ClubMember SpotlightJA Members: LoginEducation& Jewelry CareDiamond Buying GuideGemstone Buying GuidePearl Buying GuideJewelry Metals Buying GuideJewelry StylesJewelry Repair & CareHow to Choose a JewelerEngagement& WeddingBrowse Engagement RingsBrowse Wedding RingsHow to Buy an Engagement RingWedding JewelryBridal JewelryBridesmaid JewelryGifts& TrendsWomen's JewelryBirthstone JewelryAnniversary JewelryCustom Jewelry DesignValentine's Day Gift GuideMother's Day Jewelry GiftsFather's Day GiftsHoliday Jewelry Gift GuideJewelryGalleryNews& EventsContests & GiveawaysAs Seen On
Home>Terms & Privacy Policy
Terms & Privacy Policy
Welcome to the Jewelers of America website (this “Website”). When you browse and use this Website, or when you submit information to Jewelers of America (“JA”) or participate in an event operated by JA, you agree to comply with and be bound by the following Terms & Privacy Policy (this “Policy”), which governs JA’s relationship with you in relation to this Website and information you submit to JA, whether online or otherwise. The term “Website” means www.jewelers.org. The term “Jewelers of America,” “JA,” “us,” “our,” or “we” refers to the owner of this Website. The term “you” or “your” refers to the user or viewer of this Website or the individual submitting information to JA.If you have questions or concerns regarding this Policy, please contact JA’s Member Services Department at 800-223-0673 or by email at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
Terms
The content of this Website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we, nor any third-parties, provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness, or suitability of the information or materials found or offered on this Website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information or materials may contain inaccuracies or errors, and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
You agree that your use of any information or materials on this Website is entirely at your own risk, and we shall not be liable for any misuse. You agree to assume responsibility to ensure that any products, services, or information available through this Website meet your specific requirements.
This Website contains material that is owned by, or licensed to, us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the articles, design, layout, look, appearance, and graphics. This Policy prohibits reproduction.
All trademarks reproduced in this Website, which are not the property of, or licensed to, us are acknowledged on this Website.
Your unauthorized use of this Website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense under federal or state law.
This Website includes links to other websites, which are provided for your convenience to provide further information. The provision of these links does not signify that we endorse the linked website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
You may not create a link to this Website from another website or document without JA’s prior written consent.
Privacy Policy
This Website is the online home of Jewelers of America. JA takes your privacy seriously. To better protect your privacy, we provide this Policy disclosing: (i) the information that we collect from you, (ii) how we use the information that we collect from you, and (iii) how we share the information that we collect from you.  This Policy also explains how you can limit our use or sharing of the information that we collect from you. We make our best efforts to ensure that any information that you submit to JA remains private pursuant to the terms of this Policy.
Anonymous Data & Website Cookies
This website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. By continuing to browse this site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior in an anonymous format. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but, if you prefer, you can edit your web browser options to block them in the future.We use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary/technical cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They make traffic control possible from the server to various users at a time. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website.
Analytical/performance cookies (Google Analytics). They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Targeting/advertising cookies (Google Analytics, DoubleClick). These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. These cookies allow implementing efficiency parameters in the advertisements offered in the websites, based on information about your behavior. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
Functionality cookies (Google Maps). These are used to recognize you when you return to our website and help you search jewelers in your area.
Third-Party CookiesPlease note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies. This Policy covers the use of cookies by JA only and does not cover the use of cookies by any third party.How to Block or Opt-Out of CookiesIf you want to stop or restrict the placement of cookies or flush any cookies that may already be on your computer or device, please refer to and adjust your web browser preferences. Please note that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on many mobile devices. Further information on cookies is available at www.allaboutcookies.org. By deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our website or some of its functionality may be affected.Google Analytics features on this Website include Remarketing, which helps us match interested people with our messages, and Demographics & Interest Reporting, which helps us understand the demographics of visitors to this Website.
We use Remarketing to advertise online.
Third-party vendors, including Google, may show JA ads on websites across the Internet.
JA and third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on visitors’ past visits to this Website.
We use Demographics and Interest Reporting to understand the average age, gender, and other interests of visitors to this Website.
No personally identifying data is included in Demographics and Interest Reporting.
You can use the Ads Settings on google.comto edit how your information is collected or to opt out of Google Analytics. You can also use Google’s opt-out tool to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.  "Do Not Track" SignalsThis site does not respond to web browser “do not track” signals. As such, your navigation of this Website may be tracked as part of the gathering of quantitative user information described above. If you arrive at this Website by way of a link from a third-party site that does respond to “do not track” requests, the recognition of any “do not track” request you have initiated will end as soon as you reach this Website.
Interest-Based Advertising
JA adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising, and commits to provide consumers with notice and choice about interest-based advertising. We may also use cookies or other web tracking technologies to track the amount of time spent on this Website and whether or not certain content was viewed. We may work with a trusted third party to collect and process this information for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with this Policy. We may also participate in interest-based advertising using similar technology and use third-party advertising companies to provide you targeted advertisements based on your online browsing history and your interests. This means that you may see advertising on this Website tailored to how you browse or shop, or you may see advertising for JA on other websites based on your browsing behavior across websites. We may permit third party online advertising networks, social media companies, and other third party services to collect information about your visit to our websites over time so that they may play or display ads on our sites, on other websites, apps, or services you may use, and on other devices you may use. Typically, though not always, the information used for interest-based advertising is collected through cookies or similar tracking technologies. You can opt-out of receiving interest-based ads from third parties who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt-out pages on the NAI website and DAA website.
Information We Collect
Your provision of your personal information to us is completely voluntary. “Personal information” is information that can specifically identify you. We do not collect personal information unless you submit that information to us.If you order a product, access special features on this Website, complete a form, submit an application for JA membership, or register to receive materials from JA at a JA event or on this Website (collectively, “Participation in JA”), we may request certain personally identifiable information from you (collectively, “PII”). This personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Identity Data, which includes name or other similar identifiers.
Contact Data, which includes address, email address and telephone numbers.
Additionally, we may also collect certain others types of information that, along with Identity Data and Contact Data, may be considered and specifically named “personal data” in certain jurisdictions, including the European Union (“EU”), such as:
Financial Data, which includes credit card, debit card or other payment card details.
Transaction Data, which includes details about payments to and from you.
Technical Data, which includes internet protocol (IP) address, location data, your login data, and device and browser information.
Profile Data, which includes your username and password and your professional and jewelry preferences.
Usage Data, which includes information about how you use our Website and Partner Sites and advertising we serve on those sites.
Marketing and Communications Data, which includes your preferences in receiving communications from us.
We use your PII for our activities including: to provide you services, to personalize information that we provide to you, to send you communications, and for our other marketing and everyday business purposes such as joint marketing or collaborations with affiliates and other third-parties as described herein.IF YOU ARE SITUATED IN THE EU, PLEASE SEE THE SECTION “RIGHTS OF EU DATA SUBJECTS” THAT PERTAIN TO OUR COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND ADDITIONAL RIGHTS YOU HAVE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
How We Use the Information We Collect
If you are a JA Member, we may contact you from time to time at the email, phone, fax, or mailing address on file with JA regarding issues such as JA Member benefits, events, or your JA membership account. JA also provides basic contact information for JA Members to other JA Members and the public through our directories.We use the credit/debit card information that you provide when placing an order on products or services only to handle and complete that order. We do not share this credit/debit card information with third-parties except as necessary to handle and complete your order. We do not retain this credit/debit card information in JA’s files.
How We Share the Information We Collect
In our ongoing effort to offer JA Members an array of exceptional services and benefits, and to enhance the opportunities available to JA and JA Members, JA works with JA Supplier Members and establishes strategic partnerships with third-party organizations (“Strategic Partners”). JA may share your PII, not including your financial information, with one or more JA Supplier Members or Strategic Partners. JA may also provide your PII to third-party companies that JA has engaged to provide us with services, such as membership management and customer service. We will only transfer your PII to trusted third-parties who provide sufficient guarantees in respect of the technical and organizational security measures governing the processing to be carried out and who can demonstrate a commitment to compliance with those measures. We may send communications to you on behalf of JA Supplier Members or Strategic Partners. The purpose of the communication and information sharing would be to introduce you to the products or services offered by these JA Supplier Members or Strategic Partners. You may opt out from these communications at any time. Opting out of JA Supplier Member or Strategic Partner communications will not have a bearing on future communications sent to you from JA related to other matters.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information that we collect online.JA follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the PII that you submit to JA, both during transmission and once JA receives it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your PII, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Storing Your Information
We will store your PII, in a form which permits us to identify you, for no longer than is necessary for the purpose for which the PII is processed. We may retain and use your PII as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements and rights, or if it is not technically reasonably feasible to remove it. Consistent with these requirements, we will try to delete your PII quickly upon request.We will retain your PII for as long as you are a JA Member or as needed to provide you with access to this Website. If you wish to cancel your JA membership or request that we no longer use your PII to provide you service, contact us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. We will retain and use your PII as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Editing Your Information
By default, every JA Member has been assigned a Username and Password to access this Website. If you are a JA Member, you can access and edit your online profile by logging into your account at http://www.jewelers.org/login. A non-JA Member may also edit their information but may need to contact JA for the password to enter on the login website.
Opting Out
If you do not wish to be contacted by JA as described in this Policy, or if you wish to opt out specifically from information sharing with, or communications JA sends on behalf of either Strategic Partners or JA Supplier Members, please contact JA’s Member Services Department.If you are a JA Member and do not wish to be contacted by JA via telephone, or receive fax communications, email, or postal mailings, please specify this at any time by contacting JA’s Member Services Department. You can also opt out and unsubscribe from any JA email communication or from particular categories of communication.You can reach JA’s Member Services Department at 800-223-0673 or by email at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. JA does not charge you to exercise any of the above opt out options.
Third-Party Links & Social Networking Services
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Rights of EU Data Subjects
We are headquartered in the United States. Your PII may be accessed by us or transferred to us in the United States or to our affiliates, partners, merchants, or service providers who are located worldwide. If you are visiting this Website from outside the United States, be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located, and our central database is operated. By using this Website, you consent to any transfer of this information.
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your PII. You have the right to:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data's accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.To exercise your rights, please contact us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..The Website may integrate with social networking services. You understand that we do not control such services and are not liable for the manner in which they operate. While we may provide you with the ability to use such services in connection with our Website, we are doing so merely as an accommodation and, like you, are relying upon those third party services to operate properly and fairly.You should be aware that information which you voluntarily include and transmit online in a publicly accessible blog, social network or otherwise online may be viewed and used by others. We are unable to control such uses of your information, and by using such services you assume the risk that the information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties.
Rights of California Residents
Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code requires select businesses to disclose policies relating to the sharing of certain categories of your PII with third parties. If you reside in California and have provided your PII to JA, you may request information about our disclosures of certain categories of PII to third parties for direct marketing purposes. Such requests must be submitted to us via email at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
Children & Privacy
We believe in the importance of protecting the privacy of children online. The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act governs information gathered online from or about children under the age of 13. Verifiable consent from a child’s parent or guardian is required before collecting, using, or disclosing personal information from a child under age 13. This Website is not intended to solicit information of any kind from children under age 13. If you believe that we have received information from or about children under age 13, please contact us immediately via email at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or telephone at 800-223-0673.
Indemnification and Limitation of Liability
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless JA and all employees, representatives, directors, officers, shareholders, and persons affiliated with JA against all claims, damages, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, settlement costs and any reasonable legal, accounting, or other expenses for investigating or defending any actions or threatened actions) (collectively “Losses”) incurred by JA to the extent that such Losses are due to your gross negligence or willful misconduct or fraud; or your breach of this Policy.In no event shall JA be liable for any claim for any indirect, willful, punitive, incidental, exemplary, special or consequential damages, for loss of business profits, or damages from loss of business arising out of this Policy, or for loss or inaccuracy of data of any kind, whether based on contract, tort, or any other legal theory.
Amendments to Our Privacy Policy
Should we decide to change (i) the information that we collect from you, (ii) how we use the information that we collect from you, or (iii) how we share the information that we collect from you or how you can limit our use or sharing of the information that we collect from you, we will post the amended and restated policy here so that you will always know what information JA gathers, how JA uses that information, and whether JA discloses that information to third-parties.JA reserves the right to modify this Policy at any time, without your consent, so please review it frequently.
Legal Disclaimer
JA additionally reserves the right to disclose information, including your PII, as required by law and when JA believes that disclosure is necessary to protect JA’s rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process related to this Website.Updated: September 2018
|SUBSCRIBE|Find Your Local JA Jeweler >
LoginContactMy Account
Contact Us
Follow Us:
Subscribe
Jewelers of America
As the leading non-profit jewelry association in the United States, Jewelers of America is your resource on how to shop for jewelry with confidence. More than a century ago, Jewelers of America was founded by jewelers for jewelers to advance the professionalism and ethics of the jewelry industry. Our large network of members includes the finest jewelry stores with the most trusted business practices.
About JA & Our Members
Education & Jewelry Care
Engagement & Wedding
Gifts & Trends
Jewelry Gallery
News & Events
Contact
Jobs
Subscribe
Find a JA Jeweler
For the Jewelry Trade
Copyright ©
Jewelers of America
|
Site Map | Privacy