http://www.mayaromanoff.com/privacy-policy
ENTER PRODUCT INFO ABOVE
Shop
Gallery
Story
About
Contact
Sign In
Privacy Policy
Select...
Story
Atelier
About
Story
Atelier
About
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to the www.mayaromanoff.com and Maya Romanoff and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Maya Romanoff include www.mayaromanoff.com, Maya Romanoff, MAYA and www.mayaromanoff.com. The Maya Romanoff website is a ecommerce site. By using the Maya Romanoff website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Maya Romanoff may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name. Maya Romanoff may also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your age and gender. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Maya Romanoff. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Maya Romanoff website.
Maya Romanoff encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Maya Romanoff so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Maya Romanoff is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Maya Romanoff website.
Use of your Personal Information
Maya Romanoff collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Maya Romanoff may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Maya Romanoff and its affiliates. Maya Romanoff may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Maya Romanoff does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Maya Romanoff may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Maya Romanoff, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Maya Romanoff may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Maya Romanoff, in order to determine what Maya Romanoff services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Maya Romanoff to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Maya Romanoff will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Maya Romanoff or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Maya Romanoff; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Maya Romanoff, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Maya Romanoff website may use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Maya Romanoff pages, or register with Maya Romanoff site or services, a cookie helps Maya Romanoff to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Maya Romanoff website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Maya Romanoff features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Maya Romanoff services or websites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Maya Romanoff secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
Children Under Thirteen
Maya Romanoff does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from Maya Romanoff by contacting us here:
- Web page: _________________ - Email: _________________
- Phone: _________________
Changes to this Statement
Maya Romanoff will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Maya Romanoff encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Maya Romanoff is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Maya Romanoff welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Maya Romanoff has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Maya Romanoff at:
Maya Romanoff
3435 Madison Street, Skokie, IL 60076 Skokie, Illinois 60076
Email Address: info@mayaromanoff.com
Telephone number: 7734656909
Effective as of October 24, 2016
SIGN IN / CREATE ACCOUNT
Forgot your password? Reset it here.
Sign In
New User
Guest Checkout