https://www.wlrprecision.co.uk/privacy-policy-2/
Skip to content
Dedicated to Quality …… and Perfect Precision
Skip to content
Menu
Home
About WLR
CNC Machined Components
Precision Engineering
Materials & Coatings
Example Components
WLR News & Events
Services
CNC Inspection
CNC Turning
CNC Milling
CAD – CAM – 3D Print
KERN Pyramid Nano
Part Marking
Ultrasonic Wash System
Other Facilites
Downloads
Vacancies
Contact Us
WLR Precision Engineering
WLR Website Policies
WLR Website Policies:-
Acceptable Use Policy
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Website Use Policy
WLR Acceptable Use Policy
This acceptable use policy sets out the terms between you and us under which you may access our website www.wlrprecision.co.uk . This acceptable use policy applies to all users of, and visitors to, our site.
Your use of our site means that you accept, and agree to abide by, all the policies in this acceptable use policy, which supplement our Terms of Website Use.
This site is operated by WLR Prototype Engineers Limited t/a WLR Precision Engineering (“we” or “us”).  We are registered in England and Wales under company number 961100 and our offices are at Precision House, Nottingham South & Wilford Industrial Estate, Ruddington Lane, Wilford, Nottingham. NG11 7EP.
1. PROHIBITED USES
1.1 You may use our site only for lawful purposes. You may not use our site:
1.1.1 In any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation.
1.1.2 In any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect.
1.1.3 For the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way.
1.1.4 To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with our content standards.
1.1.5 To transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam).
1.1.6 To knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
1.2 You also agree:
1.2.1 Not to reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of our site in contravention of the provisions of our Terms of Website Use.
1.2.2 Not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt: (a) any part of our site; (b) any equipment or network on which our site is stored; (c) any software used in the provision of our site; or (d) any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.
2. INTERACTIVE SERVICES
2.1 We may in the future provide interactive services on our site, including, without limitation:
2.1.1 Chat rooms;
2.1.2 Bulletin boards; and
2.2 Where we do provide any interactive service, we will provide clear information to you about the kind of service offered, if it is moderated and what form of moderation is used (including whether it is human or technical).
2.3 We will do our best to assess any possible risks for users (and in particular, for children) from third parties when they use any interactive service provided on our site, and we will decide in each case whether it is appropriate to use moderation of the relevant service (including what kind of moderation to use) in the light of those risks. However, we are under no obligation to oversee, monitor or moderate any interactive service we provide on our site, and we expressly exclude our liability for any loss or damage arising from the use of any interactive service by a user in contravention of our content standards, whether the service is moderated or not.
2.4 The use of any of our interactive services by a minor is subject to the consent of their parent or guardian. We advise parents who permit their children to use an interactive service that it is important that they communicate with their children about their safety online, as moderation is not foolproof. Minors who are using any interactive service should be made aware of the potential risks to them.
2.5 Where we do moderate an interactive service, we will normally provide you with a means of contacting the moderator, should a concern or difficulty arise.
3. CONTENT STANDARDS
3.1 These content standards apply to any and all material which you contribute to our site (“contributions”), and to any interactive services associated with it.
3.2 You must comply with the spirit and the letter of the following standards. The standards apply to each part of any contribution as well as to its whole.
3.3 Contributions must:
3.3.1 Be accurate (where they state facts).
3.3.2 Be genuinely held (where they state opinions).
3.3.3 Comply with applicable law in the UK and in any country from which they are posted.
3.4 Contributions must not:
3.4.1 Contain any material which is defamatory of any person.
3.4.2 Contain any material which is obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory.
3.4.3 Promote sexually explicit material.
3.4.4 Promote violence.
3.4.5 Promote discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age.
3.4.6 Infringe any copyright, database right or trademark of any other person.
3.4.7 Be likely to deceive any person.
3.4.8 Be made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence.
3.4.9 Promote any illegal activity.
3.4.10 Be threatening, abuse or invade another’s privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety.
3.4.11 Be likely to harass, upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person.
3.4.12 Be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person.
3.4.13 Give the impression that they emanate from us, if this is not the case.
3.4.14 Advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act such as (by way of example only) copyright infringement or computer misuse.
4. SUSPENSION AND TERMINATION
4.1 We will determine, in our discretion, whether there has been a breach of this acceptable use policy through your use of our site. When a breach of this policy has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate.
4.2 Failure to comply with this acceptable use policy constitutes a material breach of the Terms of Use upon which you are permitted to use our site, and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions:
4.2.1 Immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our site.
4.2.2 Immediate, temporary or permanent removal of any posting or material uploaded by you to our site.
4.2.3 Issue of a warning to you.
4.2.4 Legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach.
4.2.5 Further legal action against you.
4.2.6 Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary.
4.3 We exclude liability for actions taken in response to breaches of this acceptable use policy. The responses described in this policy are not limited, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.
5. CHANGES TO THE ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY
5.1 We may revise this acceptable use policy at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are legally binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in this acceptable use policy may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site.
WLR Cookie Policy
INFORMATION ABOUT OUR USE OF COOKIES
1.1       Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
1.2       A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive.
1.3       We may use the following cookies:
1.3.1       Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They might include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
1.3.2       Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
1.3.3       Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This might enable us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
1.3.4       Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
1.4       Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
1.5       You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
WLR Privacy Policy
WLR Prototype Engineers Limited t/a WLR Precision Engineering respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy notice is designed to inform you as to how we look after your personal data.
We know that there is a lot of information here, but we want you to be fully informed about your rights and how we use your data.
If you should need to contact us regarding this policy or to exercise any of the rights detailed within this policy, please contact us:
Email:               info@wlrprecision.co.uk
Telephone:       0115 945 5505
The data we collect and how we collect it
We will need to use your personal information in order that we might properly deliver our services to you. That may include information relating to any of the following:
your name and date of birth;
your address, email address and telephone number(s);
includes details about payments you make and other details of services you have purchased from us;
information relating to the manner in which and the devices you use to access our website;
your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences; and
any additional information we require in order to provide you with our services.
We use different methods to collect information from and about you. We may for example collect information: directly from you when you buy our services or provide information via our website; indirectly through third parties such as Google; or, through public sources such as Companies House.
How we use your personal data
The law requires that we have a legal basis to use (which may include store) your information. Most commonly, we will use your personal data:
where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you;
where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests; We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your information for our legitimate interests. We do not use your information for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law);
where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
Where we use information relating to a child under the age of 13 we will require the consent of the child’s parent or guardian.
Purposes for which we will use your personal information
We may use your information to inform you of any of our products and services that we feel may be of interest to you. We will not however share your information with any third party without first getting your express permission to do so.
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by contacting us at any time.
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose.
Disclosures of your personal data
We may have to share your information with third parties such as:
in certain circumstances as required by law
third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your information and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your information for their own purposes and only permit them to process your information data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
International transfers
We do not as a rule transfer your information outside the European Economic Area (EEA). If, however it is necessary for us to do so we will ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it.
Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA.
Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your information from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your information to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your information on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
Data retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your information, the purposes for which we process your information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal information, including the right to:
request access to your personal data – commonly known as a “data subject access request”. This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it;
request correction of your personal data – this enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected;
request erasure of your personal data – this enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to use it. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request;
object to processing of your personal data – where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
request restriction of processing your personal data – this enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it;
request transfer of your personal data – note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you;
withdraw consent – where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Complaints
Whilst you have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk) we would appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
WLR Terms Of Website Use
1. TERMS OF WEBSITE USE
1.1       These terms of use (together with the documents referred to in it) tells you the terms of use on which you may make use of our website www.wlrprecision.co.uk , whether as a guest or a registered user. Use of our site includes accessing, browsing, or registering to use our site.
1.2       Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use our site, as these will apply to your use of our site. We recommend that you print a copy of this for future reference.
1.3       By using our site, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them.
1.4       If you do not agree to these terms of use, you must not use our site.
2. OTHER APPLICABLE TERMS
2.1       These terms of use refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of our site:
2.1.1       Our Privacy Policy above, which sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us. By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
2.1.2       Our Acceptable Use Policy above, which sets out the permitted uses and prohibited uses of our site. When using our site, you must comply with this Acceptable Use Policy.
2.1.3       Our Cookie Policy above sets out information about the cookies on our site.
3. INFORMATION ABOUT US
3.1      This site is operated by WLR Prototype Engineers Limited t/a WLR Precision Engineering (“we” or “us”).  We are registered in England and Wales under company number 961100 and our offices are at Precision House, Nottingham South & Wilford Industrial Estate, Ruddington Lane, Wilford, Nottingham. NG11 7EP.
4. CHANGES TO THESE TERMS
4.1        We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page.
4.2        Please check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you.
5. CHANGES TO OUR SITE
5.1       We may update our site from time to time, and may change the content at any time. However, please note that any of the content on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update it.
5.2       We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will be free from errors or omissions.
6. ACCESSING OUR SITE
6.1       Our site is made available free of charge.
6.2       We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. Access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis. We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of our site without notice. We will not be liable to you if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
6.3       You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our site.
6.4       You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
7. YOUR ACCOUNT AND PASSWORD
7.1       If in the future we provide facilities for, but not limited to, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third party.
7.2       We would also have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.
7.3       If, in the future, you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your user identification code or password, you must promptly notify us at info@wlrprecision.co.uk.
8. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
8.1       We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it.  Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
8.2       You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on our site.
8.3       You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
8.4       Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged.
8.5       You must not use any part of the content on our site for commercial purposes without our written approval.
8.6       If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
9. NO RELIANCE ON INFORMATION
9.1       The content on our site is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our site.
9.2       Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up-to-date.
10. LIMITATION OF OUR LIABILITY
10.1     Nothing in these terms of use excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, or our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by English law.
10.2     To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to our site or any content on it, whether express or implied.
10.3     We will not be liable to any user for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with:
10.3.1        use of, or inability to use, our site; or
10.3.2        use of or reliance on any content displayed on our site.
10.4           If you are a business user, please note that in particular, we will    not be liable for:
10.4.1        loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue;
10.4.2        business interruption;
10.4.3        loss of anticipated savings;
10.4.4        loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or
10.4.5        any indirect or consequential loss or damage.
10.5     If you are a consumer user, please note that we only provide our site for domestic and private use. You agree not to use our site for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
10.6     We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a virus, distributed denial-of-service attack, or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any content on it, or on any website linked to it.
10.7     We assume no responsibility for the content of websites linked on our site. Such links should not be interpreted as endorsement by us of those linked websites. We will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
11. UPLOADING CONTENT TO OUR SITE
11.1     Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload content to our site, or to make contact with other users of our site, you must comply with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy.
11.2     You warrant that any such contribution does comply with those standards, and you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any breach of that warranty.
11.3     Any content you upload to our site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You retain all of your ownership rights in your content, but you are required to grant us and other users of the Site a limited licence to use, store and copy that content and to distribute and make it available to third parties. The rights you license to us are described in the next paragraph (Rights you licence).
11.4     We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any content posted or uploaded by you to our site constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
11.5     We will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any content posted by you or any other user of our site.
11.6     We have the right to remove any posting you make on our site if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy.
11.7     The views expressed by other users on our site do not represent our views or values.
11.8     You are solely responsible for securing and backing up your content.
12. VIRUSES
12.1     We do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.
12.2     You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform in order to access our site. You should use your own virus protection software.
12.3     You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
13. THIRD PARTY LINKS AND RESOURCES IN OUR SITE
13.1     Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only.
13.2     We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources.
14. APPLICABLE LAW
14.1     If you are a consumer, please note that these terms of use, its subject matter and its formation, are governed by English law. You and we both agree to that the courts of England and Wales will have non-exclusive jurisdiction. However, if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.
14.2     If you are a business, these terms of use, its subject matter and its formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
CONTACT US
To contact us, please email info@wlrprecision.co.uk
Thank you for visiting our site.
MenuWLR Precision Engineering
Contact Us
Find us on…LinkedIn
YouTube
LinkedIn
YouTube
Copyright © 2018 - 2020 WLR Precision Engineers, All rights reserved		Terms & Conditions
WLR Website Policies