http://www.pittsplas.com/terms-of-use-and-privacy/
Skip to content
Terms of Use and Privacy
Terms of Use and PrivacyNick2020-08-03T17:48:09+00:00
By using this site, you signify your Assent and Agreement to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, do not use the site.
Restrictions on Use of Materials
Materials in this website are Copyrighted and all rights are reserved. Text, graphics, databases, HTML code, and other intellectual property are protected by US and International Copyright Laws, and may not be copied, reprinted, published, reengineered, translated, hosted, or otherwise distributed by any means without explicit permission. All of the trademarks on this site are trademarks of PITTSFIELD PLASTICS ENG. INC. or of other owners used with their permission.
Database Ownership, License, and Use
pittsplas.com warrants, and you accept, that PITTSFIELD PLASTICS ENG. INC. is the owner of the copyright of the Databases of Links to articles and resources available from time to time
through PITTSFIELD PLASTICS ENG. INC. site pittsplas.com and its contributors reserve all rights and no intellectual property rights are conferred by this agreement.
pittsplas.com grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use database(s) accessible to you subject to these Terms and Conditions. The database(s) may be used only for viewing information or for extracting information to the extent described below.
You agree to use information obtained from pittsplas.com’s databases only for your own private use or the internal purposes of your home or business, provided that is not the selling or broking of information, and in no event cause or permit to be published, printed, downloaded, transmitted, distributed, reengineered, or reproduced in any form any part of the databases (whether directly or in condensed, selective or tabulated form) whether for resale, republishing, redistribution, viewing, or otherwise.
Nevertheless, you may on an occasional limited basis download or print out individual pages of information that have been individually selected, to meet a specific, identifiable need for information which is for your personal use only, or is for use in your business only internally, on a confidential basis. You may make such limited number of duplicates of any output, both in machine-readable or hard copy form, as may be reasonable for these purposes only. Nothing herein shall authorize you to create any database, directory or hard copy publication of or from the databases, whether for internal or external distribution or use.
Liability
The materials in this site are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind either express or implied. pittsplas.com disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. PITTSFIELD PLASTICS ENG. INC does not warrant that the functions contained in the materials will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. pittsplas.com. does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. You (and not PITTSFIELD PLASTICS ENG. INC.) assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair or correction. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall PITTSFIELD PLASTICS ENG. INC. be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials in this site, even if pittsplas.com or a PITTSFIELD PLASTICS ENG. INC. authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. In no event shall PITTSFIELD PLASTICS ENG. INC.,’s total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract, tort, including but not limited to, negligence or otherwise) exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing this site.
Facts and information at this website are believed to be accurate at the time they were placed on the website. Changes may be made at any time without prior notice. All data provided on this website is to be used for information purposes only. The information contained on this website and pages within, is not intended to provide specific legal, financial or tax advice, or any other advice, whatsoever, for any individual or company and should not be relied upon in that regard. The services described on this website are only offered in jurisdictions where they may be legally offered. Information provided in our website is not all-inclusive, and is limited to information that is made available to gro-morent.com and such information should not be relied upon as all-inclusive or accurate.
Links and Marks
The owner of this site is not necessarily affiliated with sites that may be linked to this site and is not responsible for their content. The linked sites are for your convenience only and you access them at your own risk. Links to other websites or references to products, services or publications other than those of pittsplas.com and its subsidiaries and affiliates at this website, do not imply the endorsement or approval of such websites, products, services or publications by PITTSFIELD PLASTICS ENG. INC. or its subsidiaries and affiliates.
Certain names, graphics, logos, icons, designs, words, titles or phrases at this website may constitute trade names, trademarks or service marks of PITTSFIELD PLASTICS ENG. INC. or of other entities. The display of trademarks on this website does not imply that a license of any kind has been granted. Any unauthorized downloading, re-transmission, or other copying of modification of trademarks and/or the contents herein may be a violation of federal common law trademark and/or copyright laws and could subject the copier to legal action.
Confidentiality of Codes, Passwords and Information
You agree to treat as strictly private and confidential any Subscriber Code, username, user ID, or password which you may have received from pittsplas.com, and all information to which you have access through password-protected areas of pittsplas.com’s websites and will not cause or permit any such information to be communicated, copied or otherwise divulged to any other person whatsoever.
Other Legal Stuff
These Terms of Use will apply to every access to pittsplas.com
pittsplas.com reserves the right to issue revisions to these Terms of Use by publishing a revised version of this document on this site: that version will then apply to all use by you following the date of publication. Each access of information from pittsplas.com will be a separate, discrete transaction based on the then prevailing terms.
This Terms of Use and the license granted may not be assigned or sublet by You without PITTSFIELD PLASTICS ENG. INC.’s written consent in advance.
These Terms of Use shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the Massachusetts, as it is applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within such jurisdiction.
To the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate PITTSFIELD PLASTICS ENG. INC., and/or its affiliates’ intellectual property rights, PITTSFIELD PLASTICS ENG. INC. and/or its affiliates may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the State of Massachusetts, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts.
Any other disputes will be resolved as follows:
If a dispute arises under this agreement, we agree to first try to resolve it with the help of a mutually agreed-upon mediator in the following location: Pittsfield, MA. Any costs and fees other than attorney fees associated with the mediation will be shared equally by each of us.
If it proves impossible to arrive at a mutually satisfactory solution through mediation, we agree to submit the dispute to binding arbitration at the following location: Pittsfield, MA, under the rules of the American Arbitration Association. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitration may be entered in any court with jurisdiction to do so.
If any provision of this agreement is void or unenforceable in whole or in part, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby.
Termination
These Terms of Use agreement are effective until terminated by either party. You may terminate this agreement at any time by destroying all materials obtained from any and all PITTSFIELD PLASTICS ENG. INC. site(s) and all related documentation and all copies and installations thereof, whether made under the terms of this agreement or otherwise. This agreement will terminate immediately without notice at pittsplas.com s sole discretion, should you fail to comply with any term or provision of this agreement. Upon termination, you must destroy all materials obtained from this site and any and all other pittsplas.com and all copies thereof, whether made under the terms of this agreement or otherwise.
——————————————————————–
PRIVACY POLICY for pittsplas.com (PITTSFIELD PLASTICS ENG. INC.)
Last Updated: April 10, 2013
pittsplas.com strives to offer its visitors the many advantages of Internet technology and to provide an interactive and personalized experience. We may use Personally Identifiable Information (your name, e-mail address, street address, telephone number) subject to the terms of this privacy policy. We will never sell, barter, or rent your email address to any unauthorized third party. Period.”
How we gather information from users
How we collect and store information depends on the page you are visiting, the activities in which you elect to participate and the services provided. For example, you may be asked to provide information when you register for access to certain portions of our site or request certain features, such as newsletters or when you make a purchase. You may provide information when you participate in sweepstakes and contests, message boards and chat rooms, and other interactive areas of our site. Like most Web sites, pittsplas.com. also collects information automatically and through the use of electronic tools that may be transparent to our visitors. For example, we may log the name of your Internet Service Provider or use cookie technology to recognize you and hold information from your visit. Among other things, the cookie may store your user name and password, sparing you from having to re-enter that information each time you visit, or may control the number of times you encounter a particular advertisement while visiting our site. As we adopt additional technology, we may also gather information through other means. In certain cases, you can choose not to provide us with information, for example by setting your browser to refuse to accept cookies, but if you do you may be unable to access certain portions of the site or may be asked to re-enter your user name and password, and we may not be able to customize the site’s features according to your preferences.
What we do with the information we collect
Like other Web publishers, we collect information to enhance your visit and deliver more individualized content and advertising. We respect your privacy and do not share your information with anyone.
Aggregated Information (information that does not personally identify you) may be used in many ways. For example, we may combine information about your usage patterns with similar information obtained from other users to help enhance our site and services (e.g., to learn which pages are visited most or what features are most attractive). Aggregated Information may occasionally be shared with our advertisers and business partners. Again, this information does not include any Personally Identifiable Information about you or allow anyone to identify you individually.
We may use Personally Identifiable Information collected on pittsplas.com. to communicate with you about your registration and customization preferences; our Terms of Service and privacy policy; services and products offered by pittsplas.com. and other topics we think you might find of interest.
Personally Identifiable Information collected by pittsplas.com. may also be used for other purposes, including but not limited to site administration, troubleshooting, processing of e-commerce transactions, administration of sweepstakes and contests, and other communications with you. Certain third parties who provide technical support for the operation of our site (our Web hosting service for example) may access such information. We will use your information only as permitted by law. In addition, from time to time as we continue to develop our business, we may sell, buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets. We may also disclose your information in response to a court order, at other times when we believe we are reasonably required to do so by law, in connection with the collection of amounts you may owe to us, and/or to law enforcement authorities whenever we deem it appropriate or necessary. Please note we may not provide you with notice prior to disclosure in such cases.
Affiliated sites, linked sites and advertisements
pittsplas.com expects its partners, advertisers and affiliates to respect the privacy of our users. Be aware, however, that third parties, including our partners, advertisers, affiliates and other content providers accessible through our site, may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices. For example, during your visit to our site you may link to, or view as part of a frame on a pittsplas.com page, certain content that is actually created or hosted by a third party. Also, through pittsplas.com you may be introduced to, or be able to access, information, Web sites, features, contests or sweepstakes offered by other parties. pittsplas.com is not responsible for the actions or policies of such third parties. You should check the applicable privacy policies of those third parties when providing information on a feature or page operated by a third party.
While on our site, our advertisers, promotional partners or other third parties may use cookies or other technology to attempt to identify some of your preferences or retrieve information about you. For example, some of our advertising is served by third parties and may include cookies that enable the advertiser to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before. Other features available on our site may offer services operated by third parties and may use cookies or other technology to gather information. pittsplas.com does not control the use of this technology by third parties or the resulting information, and is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties.
You should also be aware that if you voluntarily disclose Personally Identifiable Information on message boards or in chat areas, that information can be viewed publicly and can be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of pittsplas.com and this policy.
Contacting Us.
We can be reached by contacting:
(PITTSFIELD PLASTICS ENG. INC.)
pittsplas.com
E mail: info@pittsplas.com
Changes to this Policy
pittsplas.com reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of our site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. Information collected prior to the time any change is posted will be used according to the rules and laws that applied at the time the information was collected.
Governing law
This policy and the use of this Site are governed by Pittsfield, MA law. If a dispute arises under this Policy we agree to first try to resolve it with the help of a mutually agreed-upon mediator in the following location: Pittsfield, MA. Any costs and fees other than attorney fees associated with the mediation will be shared equally by each of us.
If it proves impossible to arrive at a mutually satisfactory solution through mediation, we agree to submit the dispute to binding arbitration at the following location: Pittsfield, MA, under the rules of the American Arbitration Association. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitration may be entered in any court with jurisdiction to do so.
pittsplas.com is controlled, operated and administered entirely within Pittsfield, MA. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
This Legal Document Was Produced Using AutoWebLaw
Terms of Sale:
Terms and Conditions of Sale
This is to confirm that these units (“goods”) will be manufactured in accordance with customer (“Buyer”) instructions and also with any other terms of contract. No returns will be accepted unless a return authorization number has been issued by Pittsfield Plastic Engineering, Inc (“Seller”). Any return so accepted will be subject to a 20% restocking fee and all returns must be received by Seller within ninety (90) days of shipment by the Seller.  Goods returned without authorization number or not received by Seller within ninety (90) days of shipment may be returned to customer at the customer’s expense.
TERMS OF AGREEMENT. The specifications on the customer purchase order, together with the following terms and conditions, constitute the entire Agreement between Seller and Buyer. The terms and provisions of this acknowledgement shall be controlling. Any objections to any terms herein, including provisions which are in addition to or different from those contained in Buyer’s forms, must be in writing and shall not be deemed timely unless received by Seller within seven (7) days from the date of this Agreement. If Buyer makes timely objection to any term herein, Seller shall have the right to withdraw its acceptance and this acknowledgement. Buyer’s failure to object as specified will be deemed conclusive acceptance of all the terms and conditions of this acknowledgment. No acceptance within a reasonable timer period by the Seller of any order shall be deemed to be an acceptance of any provision of the Buyer’s purchase order form. No purchase order or written or oral agreement will modify this order, including these terms and conditions, unless specifically agreed to, in writing, by Seller. The invalidity of any provision of this Agreement will not affect the validity of any other provision.
PRICE AND TERMS. Price, terms and availability of goods are subject to change with reasonable notice, including but not limited to changes caused by the fluctuations in market price, availability or quality of raw materials employed in the manufacture of the goods described herein. Unless otherwise provided on the face hereof, payment hereunder shall be due net thirty (30) days from the date of shipment. Seller’s obligation to produce or deliver hereunder is conditioned upon continued good credit of Buyer and upon Buyer’s payment when due of any amount owing by Buyer to Seller under any agreement between the parties. Based on Seller’s reasonable judgment, if Buyer’s financial condition at the time the merchandise is ready for shipment does not justify the terms specified, the Seller reserves the right to change these terms, to require full or partial payment in advance, or to ship the goods COD.
SHIPMENT Shipment dates are based upon seller’s best judgment and are subject to factory schedules and production limitations, and hence are not guaranteed.
DELIVERY IN INSTALLMENTS. All installments shall be separately invoiced and paid for when due, without regard to subsequent deliveries. Reasonable delay in delivery of any installment shall not relieve Buyer of its obligation to accept remaining deliveries.
DELAY. Seller shall not be liable for delays in performance caused by act of God, fire or other casualty, accident, strike, shortage of labor or materials, governmental action or other cause beyond Seller’s reasonable control; and the time for Seller’s performance shall be extended by the period of any such delay.
LIMITED WARRANTY. Except as provided herein Seller expressly excludes all warranties, expressed or implied, including warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Seller warrants to Buyer that all of its products shall be free from defects in material and workmanship during normal use and service, except and to the extent that the Buyer specifies the use of recycled, re-grind or other non-virgin materials, in which case all warranties of materials are excluded. No agent, employee or representative of the Seller has any authority to bind Seller to any affirmation, representation of warranty concerning the goods sold under this Agreement, and unless an affirmation, representation or warranty made by an agent, employee or representative is specifically included within this Agreement, it is not deemed a part of the basis of this bargain and shall not in any way be enforceable.
INSPECTION. If upon receipt of goods by Buyer, that good appear not to conform to the contract between Buyer and Seller, Buyer shall notify Seller, in writing, within thirty (30) days from date of shipment of the goods. Failure to give notice within the time specified shall constitute an irrevocable acceptance of the goods. No claims, of any kind, by Buyer shall be valid without notice, as specified. Buyer shall afford Seller a reasonable opportunity to inspect the goods and repair or replace any materials determined to be nonconforming, No goods shall be returned without Seller’s consent. A 20% re-stocking fee may apply for returned goods. To the extent that the Buyer specifies the use of recycled, re-grind or other non-virgin materials, the Buyer can request that such materials be tested and or inspected by an independent laboratory, at the Buyer’s expense, to determine the suitability of such materials for use in manufacturing the goods ordered by the Buyer, at the Buyer’s option. The Seller does not warrant or guarantee that any such materials are free from defects or contaminants and shall not be responsible for goods that do not conform by virtue of the defects or contaminants contained in such materials.
REMEDY FOR NONCONFORMING GOODS. Except as otherwise provided herein, if the goods furnished to Buyer shall fail to conform to the contract, or to any expressed or implied warranty as stated herein, Seller, shall, within thirty (30) days of notice of said non-conformity, issue credit for or shall replace such non-conforming goods at the original point of delivery and shall furnish instructions for the disposition of the nonconforming goods. Any transportation charges involved in such disposition shall be at Seller’s cost. Buyer’s exclusive and sole remedy on account of or in respect to the furnishing of goods that do not conform to this contract, or so any expressed or implied warranty, shall be to secure credit or replacement. No claim of any kind will be considered on goods, which have been converted, changed, processed or used in re-manufacture.
SPECIFICATION CHANGES. Any changes to the specification of a given part by the customer must be submitted in writing to Seller.
GOVERNING LAW. All contracts between Buyer and Seller shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the applicable laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Any litigation or dispute over the terms of these terms and conditions or any contract between the Buyer and the Seller shall be in the Superior Court of Berkshire County Massachusetts, which shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all such matters,
NON-WAIVER. Waiver by Seller of the breach of any of the terms and conditions of this contract shall not be construed as a waiver of any other breach.
INDEMNIFICATION. Buyer will indemnify and hold Seller harmless from, and defend Seller against, any loss, suit, claim or damage to persons or property arising out of these Terms and Conditions or Buyer’s possession or use of the products provided, or any purchaser’s possession or use of the products provided, which indemnity will survive the termination of these Terms and Conditions or any contract between the Buyer and the Seller, provided that such loss, claim or damage was not caused solely by the fault of the Seller.
CANCELLATION. Any request for cancellation must be presented to Seller in writing. Seller may accept cancellation of an order for standard parts prior to standard lead time. Within standard lead time, cancellation may be refused or subject to a re-stocking fee of 20%. Request for cancellation of any non-standard parts are subject to cancellation charges up to 100%. Blanket order cancellation will be based on the original ship schedule, not on subsequent delivery re-schedules.
UPDATING PO. The Buyer is responsible for updating their P.O to reflect the most accurate pricing. Seller reserves the right to refuse any order with an incorrectly priced P.O.
CHANGING SHIPPING DATE. Any request for a change of shipping date must be presented to Seller in writing. Seller may accept a request for a change of shipping date of an order for standard parts prior to standard lead time. Changes to shipping date made after the standard lead time may be subject to a re-stocking fee equal to or up to 20% of the total order.