http://www.business.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyLast Updated: September 5, 2018As of September 4, 2018, Business.com is no longer affiliated with Purch Group, Inc. We have therefore updated our policy to reflect the fact that the site is owned and operated by BuyerZone.com, LLC d/b/a Business.com. business.com Privacy Policy
BuyerZone.com, LLC d/b/a business.com (“business.com”), of 200 Fifth Avenue, Waltham, MA 02451, is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes and governs the information collection, use, and sharing practices of business.com and its corporate affiliates, subsidiaries, and divisions as may change from time to time (collectively, with business.com “we,” “us,” and “our”) with respect to business.com’s websites, mobile applications, questionnaires, and other digital and interactive services that link to this Privacy Policy (together, the “Services”).
Before you submit any information on or through the Services, please carefully review this Policy together with our
Terms of Use and any other documents referred to therein to understand our views and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it.
Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through the Services and not to information you may provide to any third-party sites to which business.com may link, except as expressly provided herein. This Policy applies regardless of the device used to access the Services (e.g., personal computer, mobile device, consumer electronics device, or any other technology or software known today or developed in the future). Some online services offered by or affiliated with business.com may be governed by a separate privacy policy. In those instances, the product-specific privacy policy shall apply to that online service.
For the purpose of data protection laws applicable from time to time to you in the location that you provide your information (“Applicable Law”), BuyerZone.com, LLC, d/b/a business.com, will be a ‘data controller’ (or such equivalent or replacement terminology as appropriate) for the information you provide through the Services. There may be other controllers as well (e.g., advertisers), and we encourage you to consult their privacy policies to learn more about their privacy practices.
Information We Collect
How We Use Your Information
When We Disclose Your Information
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data
Personalized Consent and Advertising
Your Rights and Choices
Security
Data Retention
International Users
Third Party Links and Services
Your California Privacy Rights
Information from Children
Changes to this Policy
Contact Us 1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect information in multiple ways, including when you provide
information directly to us, and when we passively collect information from
you, such as from your browser or device.
A. Information You Provide Directly to Us
We may collect information from you during your use of or access to the
Services, such as when you:
Register for an account;Fill in forms;Search for a product,Complete a survey or provide us with feedback;Subscribe to a service or request certain features (e.g., newsletters, updates, and other products);Use certain features that require your information to function (e.g., vendor price quotes or using our mobile apps to scan and search for products, find coupons, and promotions);Communicate with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise;Chat with any of our support agents on our chat forum;Report a problem with our website; orPost user-generated content, including comments, to or on any of our Services, including on discussion boards, community forums, blogs, or other social media functions on our website.
We may collect information in these categories:
Identifiers (e.g., a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers).
In this category we collect first and last names, home or business postal addresses, IP addresses, email addresses, Zip Codes, billing address, home and business phone numbers.Information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual, including, but not limited to, his or her name, home or business address, telephone number, driver’s license employment, employment history, and financial account information.
In this category we collect first and last names, home or business postal addresses, email addresses, Zip Codes, billing address, home and business phone numbers, telephone numbers, job functions, employment, employer information, product interests, and information about when products are desired. Commercial information (e.g., records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies).
In this category we collect products considered, business address, email address, Zip Codes, telephone numbers, information about when products are desired, size of business.Geolocation data.
In this category we collect Zip Codes and physical addresses.Professional or employment-related information.
In this category we collect job functions, employer addresses, Zip Codes, and purchasing interests. Inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences.
You do not have any obligation to provide us with your information;
however, if you do not provide us with your information, we may not be able
to provide you with the services you have requested or you may be limited
in your use of our services (e.g., if you do not provide us with your email
address and phone number, we will not be able to send you newsletters or
have product suppliers send you quotes).
B. Information that is Passively or Automatically Collected
1. Device/Usage Information
We may automatically collect certain information about the computer or
devices (including mobile devices or tablets) you use to access the
Services. As described further below, we collect and analyze Identifiers
such as (a) IP addresses, geolocation information , unique device
identifiers, IMEI and TCP/IP address, and other information about your
computer or device(s), browser types, browser language, operating system,
mobile device carrier information, the state or country from which you
accessed the Services; and (b) information related to the ways in which you
interact with the Services, such as: referring and exit web pages and URLs,
platform type, the number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages and
content (such as advertisements) viewed and the order of those pages,
statistical information about the use of the Services, the amount of time
spent on particular pages, the date and time you used the Services and
clicked on icons, the frequency of your use of the Services, error logs,
and other similar information. As described further below, we may use
third-party analytics providers and technologies, including cookies and
similar tools, to assist in collecting this information.
We also collect and analyze information from your browser or device, such
as, your operating system, plug-ins, system fonts, resolution and other
data, for purposes of creating a unique profile or “fingerprint” of your
browser or device. We may use this profile or fingerprint to understand and
analyze how you interact with the Services, to customize content or
advertising to you through the Services, to monitor against fraud or misuse
of the Services, or in other ways consistent with this Privacy Policy.
2. Location Information
We and our service providers may automatically collect location
information, including general information (e.g., IP address, zip code)
from your computer or mobile device. If you access the Services through a
mobile device, we may also ask you to share your specific geo-location
information with us. The Services use this location information to provide
customized location-based services, content, promotional offers and other
information that may be of interest to you. We may also use location
information to improve the functionality of the Services and our other
products services. We and our service providers may also collect other
information based on your location and your device’s proximity to “beacons”
and other similar indoor proximity systems, including, for example, the
strength of the signal between the “beacon” and your device and the
duration that your device is near the “beacon.” If you do not wish to have
this location information collected and used by us and our service
providers, you may disable the location features on your device. Please
note that if you disable such features, you will not be able to access or
receive some or all of the services, content, features and/or products made
available via the Services. Also see the “Tailored Advertising” section
below for more choices regarding the delivery of interest-based content and
advertising.
3. Cookies and Other Electronic Technologies
We may also collect data about your use of the Services through the use of
Internet server logs, cookies and/or tracking pixels. A web server log is a
file where website activity is stored to distinguish you from other users
of our website. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your
computer when you visit a website, that enables us to: (i) recognize your
computer; (ii) store your preferences and settings; (iii) understand the
web pages of the Services you have visited; (iv), enhance your user
experience by delivering content specific to your interests; (v) perform
searches and analytics; and (vi) assist with security administrative
functions. Some cookies are placed in your browser cache while those
associated with Flash technologies are stored with your Adobe Flash Player
files. Tracking pixels (sometimes referred to as web beacons or clear GIFs)
are tiny electronic tags with a unique identifier embedded in websites,
online ads and/or email, and that are designed to provide usage information
like ad impressions or clicks, measure popularity of the Services and
associated advertising, and to access user cookies. As we adopt additional
technologies, we may also gather additional information through other
methods. We also gather information and identify users through the
fingerprinting methods described in Section 2(a) above.
We use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies.
These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website.
They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure
areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing
services.
Analytical/performance cookies.
They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see
how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps
us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that
users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies.
These are used to recognize you when you return to our website. This
enables us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and
remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or
region).
Targeting cookies.
These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have
visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information
to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant
to your interests. We may also share this information with third
parties for this purpose.
Except for essential cookies, all cookies will expire after
thirteen months.
Your usage of the website without changing your browser cookies settings
will indicate your consent to usage of cookies in accordance with this
section of this Policy. You can change your cookie settings at any time.
Please note that you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie
is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether. Please consult the
“Help” section of your browser for more information (e.g.,
Internet Explorer
;
Google Chrome
;
Mozilla Firefox
; or
Apple Safari
). You can also manage the use of Flash technologies, including cookies and
local storage objects with the Flash management tools available at
Adobe’s website
. Please note that by blocking any or all cookies, you may not have access
to certain features or offerings of the Services.
Please also see below the section entitled	‘Tailored Online and Mobile Advertising’
which contains further information on how cookies are used for advertising
purposes by business.com and by associated third parties.
C. Information Collected by and from Social Media and Other Content
Platforms
If you access the Services through a third-party connection or log-in
(e.g., through a social network), you may allow us to have access to and
store certain information in your social network profile. This may include
your first name, last name, gender, general location, a link to your
profile, your time zone, birthday, profile picture, your “likes” and your
list of friends. If you do not wish to have this information shared, do not
use a social networking connection to access the Services. For a
description on how social networking sites handle your information, please
refer to their privacy policies and terms of use, which may permit you to
modify your privacy settings. If you signed up using a social media log-in
by mistake, you may be able to delete your account through your account
settings at any time, or you can contact us as described below.
When you “like” or “follow” us on Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Twitter or
other social media sites, we may collect some information from you
including your name, e-mail address, and any comments or content you post
relevant to us. We may also collect your information if you sign up for one
of our promotions or submit information to us through social media sites.
D. Information from Affiliates and Non-Affiliated Third Parties
We may also obtain information about you if you use any other websites that
we operate or may operate from time to time or other services we provide.
We may share information among members of our corporate group, which means
our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries. We may
also obtain information, such as demographic information, from our
affiliates or from third parties, such as marketers, partners, researchers,
sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising
networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit
reference agencies and others.
We may also collect your information from partners with whom we share
information in order to bring you better experiences using our Services,
and from data brokers and third parties.
Scroll to Top2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We may use your information for the following purposes:
For the purposes for which you provided it;
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us including the provision to you of information, products and services that you request from us, online content and dealing with your requests and enquiries;
To process a transaction you initiate or to provide the features, services and products available through the Services;
To send you information about your relationship or transactions with us, account alerts, or other communications, such as newsletters to which you have subscribed;
With your consent, to send you SMS messages;
To notify you about new features, changes and/or offerings of the Services, including, but not limited to, updates, discounts, events, shows news about our Services, products, and/or special offers;
To contact you with information, surveys, or advertising that we believe may be of interest to you both regarding our products and Services and those of third parties;
To administer contests;
To process and respond to your inquiries or to request your feedback;
For internal research and reporting;
To analyze and improve the content and features of the Services or develop new Services;
To ensure that content from our website is presented in the most effective manner for you and on the device or browser from which you are accessing our Services;
To personalize the content and advertising that you see on the Services or on other websites, including across difference devices and browsers (see “Personalized Content and Advertising” section below);
To measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others;
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
To enforce the legal terms that govern your use of the Services;
To keep our website safe and secure;
To use IP addresses to identify the location of users, to block disruptive use, to establish the number of visits from different countries and to determine the jurisdiction in which you are accessing the Services; and
To administer and troubleshoot the Services.
Please note that we may combine information that we collect from you and
about you (including automatically-collected information) with information
we obtain about you from our affiliates and/or non-affiliated third
parties, and use such combined information in accordance with this Policy.
We may aggregate and/or de-identify information collected through the
Services. We may use de-identified and/or aggregated data for any purpose,
including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may
also share such data with any third parties, including advertisers,
promotional partners, sponsors, event promoters, and/or others.
We do not ask you for ‘sensitive personal information’ (for example racial
or ethnical origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, trade union
membership, physical or mental health, sexual life, criminal proceedings
and offences). If you ever provide us ‘sensitive personal information’ we
will only use this information to provide the Service you require in
accordance with this Policy and we will ask for your explicit consent to
such processing.
Scroll to Top3. WHEN WE DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
business.com may disclose and/or share your information between members of
the business.com corporate group, and to or with any non-affiliated third
parties under the following circumstances:
Consent.
We may disclose your information to any third parties based on your
consent to do so.
Service Providers.
We may provide access to or share your information with select third
parties who perform services on our behalf and for any other legitimate
business purpose. These third parties provide a variety of services to
us, including without limitation billing, sales, marketing,
advertising, market research, customer support, fulfillment, data
storage, analysis and processing, and legal services.
Business Partners.
We may provide your information to individuals and companies with whom
we have business relationships to provide you with special coupons,
discounts, or promotions, or to offer products and services to you for
purchase.
Prospective Buyers.
To facilitate our business of matching buyers and suppliers,
prospective buyers using our services will be provided information
about suppliers relevant to the buyer's request or inquiry using such
services. This includes supplier contact information, company
background information and, where appropriate, ratings or reviews.
Suppliers.
Similarly, suppliers whose products or services are relevant to a
prospective buyer's request, and/or marketers, resellers and other
service providers performing marketing, fulfillment and/or similar
services on behalf of such suppliers with respect to the prospective
buyer's request, may be provided with that prospective buyer's
information. We contractually limit use of the buyer's information
(including all forms of contact information submitted) by the seller to
communicating with the buyer, or permitting its marketers, resellers or
other service providers to communicate with the buyer, about their
desired purchase. In addition, suppliers may receive information about
buyers in a manner that does not disclose personally identifiable
information. Examples include data that are aggregated across a group
of buyers or feedback that is provided without attribution to a
specific person or company.
Protection of business.com and Others.
By using the Services, you acknowledge, consent and agree that we may
access, preserve and disclose your information, including, but not
limited to, any user content, if required to do so by law or in a good
faith belief that such access, preservation or disclosure is reasonably
necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce our		Terms of Use, this
Policy, or other contracts with you, including investigation of
potential violations thereof; (c) respond to claims that any content
violates the rights of third parties; (d) respond to your requests for
customer service; and/or (e) protect the rights, property or personal
safety of business.com, its agents and affiliates, its users and/or the
public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and
organizations for fraud protection, and spam/malware prevention, and
similar purposes.
Business Transfers.
As we continue to develop our business, we may buy, merge or partner
with other companies. In such transactions, (including in contemplation
of such transactions, e.g., due diligence) user information may be
among the transferred assets. If a portion or all of business.com’s
assets are sold or transferred to a third-party, customer information
(including your email address) would likely be one of the transferred
business assets.
Public Forums.
Our Services may offer publicly accessible blogs and community forums.
You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may
be read, collected, and used by others who access them. Please also
remember that if you choose to provide information on public features
of the Services, individuals reading such information may use or
disclose it to other individuals or entities without our control and
without your knowledge, and search engines may index that information.
We therefore urge you to think carefully about what you choose to
disclose publicly and make sure it’s information you want to share with
the public.
Disclosures for a business purpose.
During 2019, we have used service providers to assist us in
bringing you competitive quotes and other services need to run
business.com. The data we transferred in this way includes
identifiers; information that identifies, relates to, describes, or
is capable of being associated with, a particular individual;
commercial information; internet activity; geolocation data,
professional or employment-related information, and inferences
drawn from that information
.
Sales.
During 2019, we have brought you competitive quotes and information
about products and services you may be interested in by transferring
data to suppliers and other companies in ways that may be considered a
sale. The data we transferred in this way includes identifiers;
information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of
being associated with, a particular individual; commercial information;
internet activity; geolocation data, professional or employment-related
information, and inferences drawn from that information.
Scroll to Top4. LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA
The laws in some jurisdictions require companies to tell you about the
legal ground they rely on to use or disclose your personal data. To the
extent those laws apply, our legal grounds for processing your personal
data are as follows:
To Honor Our Contractual Commitments to You.
Much of our processing of personal data is to meet our contractual
obligations to our customers, or to take steps at customers’ request in
anticipation of entering into a contract with them.
Legitimate Interests
In many cases, we handle personal data on the ground that it furthers
our legitimate interests in commercial activities such as the following
in ways that are not overridden by the interests or fundamental rights
and freedoms of the affected individuals:
Customer serviceMarketingProtecting our customers, personnel and propertyAnalyzing and improving our businessManaging legal issues
We may also process personal data for the same legitimate interests of our
customers and business partners.
Legal Compliance.
We need to use and disclose personal data in certain ways to comply
with our legal obligations.
Consent.
Where required by law, and in some other cases, we handle personal data
on the basis of consent. Where we handle your personal data on the
basis of consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent.
Scroll to Top5. PERSONALIZED CONTENT AND ADVERTISINGA. Online and Email Analytics
We may use third-party web analytics services on our Services, such as
those of Google Analytics. These service providers use the sort of
technology previously described in the “Cookies and other electronic
technologies” section to help us analyze how users use the Services,
including by noting the third-party website from which you arrive, and
provide certain features to you. For example, the Google Trusted Store
badge displayed on some of the Services is served to you through the use of
cookies. The information (including your IP address) collected by the
technology will be disclosed to or collected directly by these service
providers, who use the information to evaluate your use of the Services. We
also use Google Analytics for certain purposes related to advertising, as
described in the following section. To prevent Google Analytics from using
your information for analytics, you may install the Google Analytics
Opt-out Browser Add-on by
clicking here
.
If you receive email from us, we may use certain tools, such as clear GIFs
to capture data such as when you open our message or click on any links or
banners our email contains. This data allows us to gauge the effectiveness
of our communications and marketing campaigns.
B. Tailored Online and Mobile Advertising
We may personalize the content and advertising that you see when using the
Services through the use of third-party advertising technologies that allow
for the delivery of relevant content and advertising on the Services, as
well as other websites you visit and other applications you use. The ads
may be based on various factors such as the content of the page you are
visiting, information you provide such as your age and gender, your
searches, demographic data, user-generated content, and other information
we collect from you. These ads may be based on your current activity or
your activity over time and across other websites and online services and
may be tailored to your interests.
In connection with the foregoing, we work with DigiTrust to set a
first-party cookie in your browser to enable us and
DigiTrust
Partners to collect web viewing data that includes visits to the Services
and non-affiliated websites over time. This data may be used to infer
whether you share interests with other users, and deliver advertising
relevant to those inferences. Also, third parties whose products or
services are accessible or advertised via the Services may place cookies or
other tracking technologies on your computer, mobile phone, or other device
to collect information about your use of the Services in order to (i)
inform, optimize, and serve ads based on past visits to our websites and
other sites and (ii) report how our ad impressions, other uses of ad
services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are
related to visits to our websites and use of our Services. We also allow
other third parties (e.g., ad networks and ad servers such as Google
Analytics, DoubleClick and others) to serve tailored ads to
you on the Services, other sites, and in other applications, and to access
their own cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer, mobile
phone, or other device you use to access the Services. We also may share
with third-party advertisers a hashed version of your email address, solely
in non-human readable form and content that you share publicly when using
the services (e.g., user-generated content) for purposes of deliveringtailored
advertising. We neither have access to, nor does this Policy govern, the
use of cookies or other tracking technologies that may be placed on your
computer, mobile phone, or other device you use to access the Services by
non-affiliated, third-party ad technology, ad servers, ad networks or any
other non-affiliated third parties. Those parties that use these
technologies, including DigiTrust, may offer you a way to opt out of ad
targeting as described below. You may receive tailored advertising on your
computer through a web browser. If you are interested in more information
about tailored browser advertising and how you can generally control
cookies from being put on your computer to deliver tailored advertising,
you may visit the
Network Advertising Initiative’s Consumer Opt-Out link
, the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s Consumer Opt-Out link
, the
opt-out page of the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
, or
TrustArc’s Preference Manager
to opt-out of receiving tailored advertising from companies that
participate in those programs. You may also use the links available in
advertisements that appear in the Services and learn more about our
advertising practices through the About Our Ads link available through the
Services.
You can learn more about how Google manages data in its ads products
here
, through which you can learn how to opt out of Google Analytics for
display advertising or customize Google display network ads by visiting the
Google Ads Settings page
. Please note that to the extent advertising technology is integrated into
the Services, you may still receive advertisements even if you opt-out of
tailored advertising. In that case, the ads will just not be tailored.
When using a mobile application you may also receive tailored
in-application advertisements. Each operating system, iOS for Apple phones,
Android for Android devices and Windows for Microsoft devices provides its
own instructions on how to prevent the delivery of tailored in-application
advertisements. You may review the support materials and/or the privacy
settings for the respective operating systems to opt-out of tailored in-app
advertisements. For any other devices and/or operating systems, please
visit the privacy settings for the applicable device or contact the
applicable platform operator. We do not control how the applicable platform
operator allows you to control receiving personalized in-application
advertisements; thus, you should contact the platform provider for further
details on opting out of tailored in-application advertisements. We also
may use third-party service providers to deliver advertisements on mobile
applications or for mobile application analytics. You can opt-out from
third-party interest-based advertising on some Android devices and Google
apps by visiting Google Settings, Ads and then click on ‘Disable ads based
on interests.’ You can also opt out of some interest-based advertising on
your mobile device by downloading the TRUSTe Privacy App available
here
.
Please note that to the extent advertising technology is integrated into
the Services, you may still receive advertisements even if you opt-out. In
that case, the advertising will not be tailored to your
interests. Also, we do not control any of the above opt-out links or
whether any particular company chooses to participate in these opt-out
programs. We are not responsible for any choices you make using these
mechanisms or the continued availability or accuracy of these mechanisms.
C. Notice Concerning Do Not Track Signals
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain
web browsers. DNT is a way for users to inform online services that they do
not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time
and across websites or services. We are committed to providing you with
meaningful choices about the information collected on the Services for
third party purposes, and that is why we provide links to the
Network Advertising Initiative
and the
Digital Advertising Alliance
opt-out pages, as well as choices provided by Google Ads, Google Analytics,
and TrustArc. However, we do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated
DNT signals, as the Internet industry is currently still working toward
defining exactly what DNT means, what it means to comply with DNT, and a
common approach to responding to DNT. To learn more about Do Not Track, you
can do so here.
Scroll to Top6. YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
You may review and update certain information through your relevant account
settings on the Services. For additional assistance with reviewing or
modifying information provided to us, contact us as described below.
If you have provided contact information through the Services and decide
that you do not want business.com to use that information for marketing
purposes in accordance with this Policy, you can opt out of future use at
any time by: (a) going to the link provided at the bottom of any email you
receive and opting out of receiving future information; or (b) contacting
us as described below. Please note that you may not be able to opt out of
emails about your transactions and relationship with us, such as emails
regarding your account, requests or inquiries, and purchases of products
and/or services.
Individuals in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and many other
jurisdictions have certain legal rights to obtain confirmation of whether
we hold personal data about them, to access personal data we hold about
them, and to obtain its correction, update, amendment, or deletion in
appropriate circumstances. You may also have rights to object to our
handling of your personal data, restrict our processing of your personal
data, and to withdraw any consent you have provided. To exercise these
rights, please contact us as described below with the nature of your
request. Our security procedures mean that we may request proof of identity
before we reveal information. This proof of identity will typically take
the form of your e-mail address and any password submitted upon
registration. While we strongly encourage you to first raise any questions
or concerns about your personal data with us, you also have a right to
contact the relevant supervisory authority.
Many of the rights described here are subject to significant limitations
and exceptions under applicable law (e.g., objections to the processing of
personal data, and withdrawals of consent, typically will not have
retroactive effect).
California consumers have the right under the California Consumer Privacy
Act of 2018 (CCPA) and certain other privacy and data protection laws, as
applicable, to exercise free of charge:
You have the right to know personal information we collect about you:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information;
The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information, if any; and
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
Please note that we are not required to:
Retain any personal information about you that was collected for a single one-time transaction if, in the ordinary course of business, that information about you is not retained;
Reidentify or otherwise link any data that, in the ordinary course of business, is not maintained in a manner that would be considered personal information; or
Provide the personal information to you more than twice in a 12-month period.
Disclosure of Personal Information Sold or Used for a Business Purpose
In connection with any personal information we may sell or disclose to a
third party for a business purpose, you have the right to know:
The categories of personal information about you that we sold and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold; and
The categories of personal information that we disclosed about you for a business purpose.
Right to Deletion
Subject to certain exceptions set out below, on receipt of a verifiable
request from you, we will:
Delete your personal information from our records; and
Direct any service providers to delete your personal information from their records.
Please note that we may retain your personal information if it is necessary to: Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, provide a good or service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between you and us;Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity;Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law;Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act;Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when our deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, provided we have obtained your informed consent;Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on the your relationship with us;Comply with an existing legal obligation; orOtherwise use your personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
Right to opt out of sale of personal information
We may sell [or disclose] to a third party personal information that
identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or
could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular
consumer or household.
You have the right under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA)
and certain other privacy and data protection laws, as applicable, to
opt-out of the sale of your personal information. If you exercise your
right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, we will refrain
from selling your personal information, unless you subsequently provide
express authorization for the sale of your personal information.
To opt-out of the sale of your personal information, visit our homepage and
click on the Do Not Sell My Personal Information link here:	www.business.com/optout.
Protection Against Discrimination
You have the right to not be discriminated against by us because you
exercised any of your rights under the CCPA. This means we cannot, among
other things:
Deny goods or services to you;Charge different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties;Provide a different level or quality of goods or services to you; orSuggest that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.Please note that we may charge a different price or rate, or provide a different level or quality of [goods and/or services] to you, if that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to us by your personal information.
How California Consumers can Exercise Your Rights under the CCPA
If California consumers would like to exercise any of your rights under the
CCPA as described in this Privacy Policy, please:
Complete a data subject request form available on our website at www.business.com/datarequestCall us, toll-free, at 888-393-5000; or Email us at	privacy@business.com
Please note that you may only make a data access or data portability
disclosure request twice within a 12-month period.
Verifying Your Identity
You will need to provide us with:
Enough information to identify you and prove that you are the person about whom we have collected personal information [(e.g., your full name, address and other information you submitted to us)];
Proof of your identity and address (e.g., a copy of your driving license or passport and a recent utility or credit card bill); and
A description of what right you want to exercise and the information to which your request relates.
We are not obligated to make a data access or data portability disclosure
if we cannot verify that the person making the request is the person about
whom we collected information, or is someone authorized to act on such
person’s behalf.
Any personal information we collect from you to verify your identity in
connection with your request will be used solely for the purposes of
verification.
Scroll to Top7. SECURITY
We have implemented administrative, technical, and physical security
measures to protect against the loss, misuse and/or alteration of your
information. These safeguards vary based on the sensitivity of the
information that we collect and store. All information you provide to us is
stored on secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using
Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. Where we have given you (or where
you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of
our website or our service, you are responsible for keeping this password
confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not
completely secure, and although we will do our best to protect your
information, we cannot and do not guarantee that the measures we take will
prevent every unauthorized attempt to access, use, or disclose your
information since despite our efforts, as no Internet and/or other
electronic transmissions can be completely secure and any transmission is
at your own risk.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your
password and to your computer so we advise that you sign off when you have
finished using a shared computer and strongly recommend that you do not use
the browser’s password memory function as that would permit other people
using your device to access your information. It is important for you to
protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer
so we advise that you sign off when you have finished using a shared
computer strongly recommend and that you do not use the browser’s password
memory function as that would permit other people using your device to
access your information. We recommend that you change your password
periodically. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your
account username and password. You may not provide these account
credentials to any third party. If you believe that your account username
and/or password have been stolen or been made known to others, you must
contact us immediately as described below and change your password
immediately. We are not responsible if someone else accesses your account
through information that they have obtained from you. To the fullest extent
permitted by law, we disclaim all liability and responsibility for any
damages you may suffer due to any loss, unauthorized access, misuse or
alterations of any information you submit to the Service.
Scroll to Top8. DATA RETENTION
We will keep your information only for as long as is reasonably necessary
for the purpose that it has been processed, taking into account any legal
requirements under Applicable Law. For the avoidance of doubt, we will
retain your information to continue offering the Services to you. If you terminate your
account, any association between your account and information we store will
no longer be accessible through your account. However, if you have engaged
in any public sharing prior to termination, that information will remain on
our services and accessible to the public. We will also retain and use your
information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve
disputes, and enforce our agreements. Information may persist in copies
made for backup and business continuity purposes for additional time.
Scroll to Top9. INTERNATIONAL USERS
The Services are operated in the United States and are governed by United
States law. If you are a resident of the European Union or other location
outside the United States, please be advised that any information you
provide through the Services will be transferred to the United States or
other designated locations outside of the EEA, which may not have a similar
standard for data protection as the laws of your jurisdiction for
processing, hosting, and storage by us or our service providers. Where you
are accessing Services from an EEA member state, we will take all steps
reasonably necessary to ensure that your information is treated securely in
accordance with this privacy policy always and at least to the standards
required by Applicable Law in the jurisdiction of access.
Scroll to Top10. THIRD PARTY LINKS AND SERVICES
The Services may contain links to third-party websites, applications and
other services. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy
practices of such other sites and services. We encourage our users to be
aware when they leave our Services and to read the privacy statements of
each and every site they visit that collects their information. Some of
these links may be affiliate marketing links encoded by third parties. This
means that we may earn a commission when you click on or make purchases via
affiliate links, and affiliate partners may use cookies to understand your
use of the Services.
The Services may also include widgets and social media features such as the
Facebook “Like” button, which are interactive mini-programs that provide
specific services from another company (e.g., displaying the news,
opinions, music, etc.). Information such as your email address may be
collected through these features. These features may collect your IP
address and set cookies to enable them to function properly. We are not
responsible for nor do we endorse the privacy practices or the content of
such third-party services. Any information you provide via those services
is subject to their applicable privacy policies and is not covered by this
Policy.
Scroll to Top11. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Law permits visitors who are California residents to request a
list of the third parties to which we have disclosed “personal information”
(as that term is defined under applicable California law) for such third
parties’ direct marketing purposes. You are limited to one request per
calendar year. In your request, please attest to the fact that you are a
California resident and provide a current California address for our
response. You may request the information in writing at: Privacy,
business.com, 200 Fifth Avenue, 2nd Floor, Waltham, MA 02451.
Scroll to Top12. INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN
The Services are not directed to children under the age of 16 and such
children are not permitted to use the Services. If we discover we have
received any “personal information” (as defined under the Children’s Online
Privacy Protection Act) from a child under the age of 13 in violation of
this Policy, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information as
quickly as possible. If you believe we have any information from or about
anyone under the age of 13, please contact us as described below.
Scroll to Top13. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We reserve the right to change this Policy at any time to reflect changes
in the law, our data collection and use practices, the features of our
Services, or advances in technology. Please check this page periodically
for changes. Your continued use of the Services following the posting of
changes to this Policy will mean you accept those changes.
Scroll to Top14. QUESTIONS ABOUT THIS POLICY
If you have any questions about our Policy, to exercise any of your rights,
or for any other privacy-related inquiries, you can contact us at privacy@business.com.
Scroll to TopReset Your PasswordcloseEnter your email address and we'll send you an email with a link to reset your password.EmailCancel