https://www.akronbrass.com/customer-support-privacy/
Cookie Policy
This site uses and sets "cookies" on your computer to help make this website better.
We use cookies to remember log-in details and provide secure log-in, collect statistics to optimize site functionality, and deliver content tailored to your interests. Click accept to give your consent to accept cookies and go directly to the site or click on more information to see detailed descriptions of the types of cookies we store.
Click here to learn about cookie settings.
Accept
Decline
My Account Log In
Distributor Locator
Support
Contact Us
Order Forms
Repair
Product Returns
Warranty
Certifications
Resource Center
Markets
Fire & Rescue
Emergency Responder OEM
Bus & Pupil Transportation
Petro-Chemical
Deicing
Mining
Equipment Washing
Marine
Commercial Trucks
Engineered Solutions
About Us
Company Info
Product Innovation
Press Room
Trade Shows & Events
Partner with Us
Careers
Your Language:
English
Chinese
German
Russian
Spanish
Your Language:
Akron Brass Chinese
Akron Brass
Call Now
+1 (800) 228-1161
0
You have no items in your cart.
My Quote (0)
You have no items in your quote.
You have no items in your cart.
All Categories
All Categories
Fire Hose Nozzles
Firefighting Monitors
Firefighting Valves & Wyes
LED Emergency Vehicle Lights & Scene Lighting
Emergency Vehicle Electronics for Firefighter Safety
Fire Truck Cord Reels and More
Firefighter Tools, Equipment and More
Buy Now
My Account Log In
NozzlesSelectable Gallonage
Turbojet
ProVenger
Break-apart
All Selectable Gallonage
Foam
Eductors
Foam Tubes
Handline Nozzles
MasterStream Nozzles
See more
Fixed Orifice
Assault
ProVenger
Smooth Bore
Break-apart
All Fixed Orifice
Application Options
Coast Guard
Navy
Military
Forestry / Wildland
Marine
Specialty
Combination Fog/Smooth Bore
Ultrajet
Saberjet
All Combination Fog/Smooth Bore
MasterStream
SaberMaster
Turbomaster
Akromatic
Akrofoam
All MasterStreams
Nozzle Kits
Nozzle Color Clip Kits
Nozzle Service Kits
MonitorsVehicle Mounted Electric
StreamMaster
DeckMaster
Firefox
Forestry / Multi-purpose
Trident
Aeromaster 12
Renegade
Gemini
All Electric
Vehicle Mounted Manual
Apollo
StreamMaster
GP Manual
Gemini
Ladder pipes
Aries
Portable
Mecury Quick Attack
MercuryMaster 1000
Apollo
Ozzie
Fixed Site / Industrial
Conquest
Storm
Severe Duty
Gemini
Aries
Omega
StreamMaster
Oscillating Flange
ValvesApparatus
Swing-Out
Navigator Electric
LIghtweight Apparatus
Butterfly
Apparatus Valve Guide
Wyes, Siamese & Gate
Gated Siamese
Clappered Valve Siamese
Gated Wye
Water Thief
Gate Valve
Intake & Hydrant
Revolution
Black Max
4-Way Hydrant
Hydrant Ball Valves
Miscellaneous
Pressure Relief
Drain
LightingHigh Power Scene Lighting
Revel
SceneStar
Revel Scout
ST Series
Beta
Diamondback
All Emergency Scene Lighting
DOT Lighting
Warning
Stop, Turn & Tail
Backup
Marker
Pump Panel
License Plate
Interior Auxiliary Lighting
Dome
Utility
Stepwell
Courtesy
Reading
Vehicle ElectronicsV-MUX
V-MUX Overview
Displays
I/O Modules
Switches/Buttons
Hardware/Connectors
Sensors
Flashers
Firmware & Diagnostic Software
ES-KEY
Displays
I/O Modules
System Managers
Specialty Modules
Vehicle Electronics
Governors
Tank Level Gauges
Minders
Load Managers
VDRs
MoreFittings & Adapters
Female to Male
E-Z Lok Nozzle Holder
Elbows
All Fittings & Adapters
Testing Equipment
Apparatus Flow Test Kit
Hydrant Test Kit
Test Gauge Kit
Line Gauges
Cap Gauge
Power Supply
Junction Box
Junction Box Accessories
Foam Equipment
Eductors
Foam Tubes
Handline Nozzles
MasterStream Nozzles
All foam equipment
Buy NowHandline Nozzles
Turbojet
Assault
ProVenger
Break-aparts / Shutoffs
Smooth Bore Tips
Forestry
Stream shaper
All Direct Buy Handline Nozzles
Monitors
View portable monitors.
Mercury Quick Attack LE
Valves
Revolution Intake Valve
Wye
Valve Service Kits
Scene Lighting
Revel Scout
SAME-DAY SHIPPING
Buy direct for speedy delivery. Same-Day Shipping by 3:30 PM EST, M-F.
BUY NOW
Select items for direct purchase from Akron Brass. US Shipping only.
DEDICATED SERVICE
Consult our experts for product details and technical assistance
Find a Dealer
Privacy Policy
We Are Committed to Your Right to Privacy
Akron Brass Company (“Akron Brass”)  respects your right to privacy. We developed this Privacy Statement to inform you about our practices. Questions regarding this Privacy Statement should be directed to kmorrow@idexcorp.com.Privacy is a concern to most Internet users. Akron Brass is acutely aware of, and sensitive to, the privacy concerns of our customers. We assure you that we do not collect personal information from you unless you provide it to us. If you are registering to use the site you will be asked to provide certain information. We are asking for this information solely for the purpose of providing the services offered and authenticating your identity when you login.Privacy Policy EnforcementIf you feel that Akron Brass is violating this Privacy Statement, please contact us at kmorrow@idexcorp.com.Use of Postal & Email AddressesWe occasionally make the names, postal addresses, and email addresses of our customers available to highly screened companies that offer products and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want to receive these third-party offers, please let us know by contacting Akron Brass at 1-800-228-1161.Traffic DataWe collect click-stream data such as referring URL, browser and platform, time of visit, pages visited and searches performed. These statistics are used to help us improve the performance of our website and better serve our customers. We analyze this data to establish trends and help us improve your online experience. Aggregated traffic data may be shared with potential advertisers, research firms, and business partners for demographic purposes. When used in this aggregated form no one will be able to identify or contact you.Use of E-mail AddressesWhen you register on akronbrass.com, you may receive email promotions from time to time. To unsubscribe from these emails, follow the unsubscribe directions contained in the email so that you may opt-out of future e-mails. E-mails that confirm business transactions will always be sent to you.Use of CookiesA "cookie" is a text file that our website sends to your browser to store your preferences. Cookies allow our website to "remember" information about your preferences either until you exit your current browser window (if the cookie is temporary) or until you disable or delete the cookie. Many users prefer to use cookies to help them navigate a website as seamlessly as possible. We use "cookies" to enhance your experience on our site. You should be aware that cookies contain no more information than you volunteer, and they are not able to "invade" your hard drive and return to the sender with personal or other information from your computer. If you choose not to accept a cookie, you are still welcome at our website; however we will not be able to accept online orders.Sending You Responses and UpdatesWe generally respond to any e-mail questions, requests for service or information, and other inquiries we receive. We may also retain this correspondence to improve our products, services and website. Frequently we retain contact information so that we can send individuals updates or other important information about our services and products.SurveysFrom time-to-time we may request information via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and you always have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Survey information will be used to monitor or improve this website, and to improve our customer service and product offerings.Terms of UseThe Akron Brass website may contain links to third-party sites. The linked sites are not under the control of Akron Brass, and Akron Brass is not responsible for the contents of any linked site, any link contained in a linked site, any changes or updates to such linked sites, or any transmission from any linked site. Akron Brass is providing these links to third-party sites only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Akron Brass of the site.License and Site AccessAkron Brass grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of Akron Brass. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of Akron Brass. You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of akronbrass.com so long as the link does not portray Akron Brass, its parent company, or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any Akron Brass logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission.CopyrightThe site and the content within the site are the property of Akron Brass or its affiliates and are protected by United States copyright laws and international treaty provisions. The compilation, organization and display of the content as well as all software and inventions used on and in connection with this Site are the exclusive property of Akron Brass. These materials may not be copied or redistributed for any for any purposes without prior written permission from Akron Brass.Trademark InformationAKROMATIC, AKRON, AKRON BRASS, BLACK WIDOW, PYROLITE, TORK-LOK, TURBOJET, YOUR CHOICE BEHIND THE LINE OF FIRE, AKRON BRASS LOGO, EXTENDA-LITE QUARTZ FLOOD LIGHTING, and FIRECRAFT™ are registered trademarks of Akron Brass Company. All other registered and/or unregistered trademarks displayed on this site constitute the intellectual property of their respective holders.
x
Add to Cart
Price:
Actual Price:
Our price is lower than the manufacturer's "minimum advertised price."
As a result, we cannot show you the price in catalog or the product page.
You have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price. You can simply remove the item from your cart.
Our price is lower than the manufacturer's "minimum advertised price."
As a result, we cannot show you the price in catalog or the product page.
You have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price. You can simply remove the item from your cart.
Customer Support
Contact Us
Find a Product Expert
Find a Distributor
Request Product Demonstration
Repairs
Returns (RMA)
Warranty
Order Forms
Resource Center
REQUEST PRODUCT DEMO
Contact us for a hands-on demonstration.
FIND A DISTRIBUTOR
Learn where to buy.
CUSTOM SOLUTIONS
Contact an engineer for a solution customized to your needs.
RESOURCE CENTER
Get access to useful guides and reference material to help you get the most out of your Akron Brass products.
Akron Brass Firefighting Equipment
Fire Nozzles, Firefighting Valves and More
As a global manufacturer of fire fighting equipment and more, Akron Brass designs and manufactures products that meet
the demands of the industry and help you perform your job safely and efficiently. Whether you need fire nozzles,
fire fighting valves, monitors or the latest technology in vehicle electronics, Akron Brass has a large selection
to meet your unique application. Our fire fighting equipment is safe and effective for your emergency situation.
Contact Info
Address
Akron Brass Company | 343 Venture Blvd
|Wooster, Ohio 44691
Weldon, a Division of Akron Brass | 3656 Paragon Drive | Columbus, OH 43228 |weldoninc.com
Akron Brass, Ocala location | 607 NW 27th Ave |Ocala, FL 34475
Phone
1-800-228-1161
Contact Us
Products
Nozzles
Monitors
Valves
Lighting
Vehicle Electronics
More Products
About Us
Company Information
Product Innovation
Press Room
Trade Shows & Events
Partner with Us
Careers
Support
Contact Us
Find Distributor
Order Forms
Repair
Product Returns
Warranty
Certifications
Resource Center
Markets
Fire & Rescue
Emergency Responder OEM
Bus & Pupil Transportation
Petro-Chemical
Deicing
Mining
Equipment Washing
Marine
Commercial Trucks
Engineered Solutions
Select Store:
Akron Brass
German
Hale products
Akron Brass Home |
Weldon Home |
Terms & Conditions |
Privacy Policy |
Sitemap
© 2019 Akron Brass Company is an ISO 9001:2015 Registered Company from Eagle Registrations.
This achievement attests to our commitment of servicing our customers.
343 Venture Blvd, Wooster, OH 44691 (Additional Locations) | 1-800-228-1161
*Email Address
*Password
Register
Forgot?
Login
Close Window
Continue shopping
Back to top