http://www.funcpe.com/about-funcpe/privacypolicy
HomeCourse ListTax-with online materialTax packages--EATax Packages--AFSPAFTR course (for AFSP)Ethics courseTax-with booksAccounting & auditingManagement & other courses- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Course list-complete listNewest coursesCPE course booksBooks used for book coursesAbout UsSite mapAbout FunCPEAICPA CPE Direct ReviewContact UsTestimonialsUnusual Eraser GuaranteesR.I.P.CPE AcceptanceAFSP / Tax PreparersAFSP Sponsor InfoAFSP Sponsor ReportingAFSP Who is exempt?AFSP CE RequirementsAFSP Exempt PackageAFSP Non-exempt PackageAFSP FAQsAFSP Record of CompletionAFSP Representation rightsRTRP Program discontinuedAFSP Tip videos#1: Is AFSP required?#2: Cost of AFSP#3: What is the AFSP?CPAEAEA Sponsor ReportingEA CE Tax PackagesEA AFSP programEA PTIN accountEA-what courses to take?EA 6 Mistakes to avoid#1 Provider not authorized#2 Subject not approved#3 Course format not acceptable#4 CE taken in wrong time period#5 Courses not reported to IRS#6 EA fails to review PTIN accountEA CE auditEA OverviewEA Ethics CoursesEA Sponsor InfoEA CPE RequirementsEA Renewal ProcessEA-Renewal form 8554EA Renewal ProblemsEA Initial Enrollment CycleEA Contact InformationEA Inactive StatusAll ProfessionalsHelpFAQsHow to take a courseForgot password/User IDCertificate copiesSitemapStudent Login
Search ...
You are here: Home
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Print
We don't share your information with anyone, period. Read about the details below.
Your privacy
We are committed to protecting your privacy. You have chosen to do business with us, and we recognize our obligation to keep the information you provide secure. You can be sure that our commitment to protect your information will continue under the principles and online guidelines described below.
What information do we collect? When do we collect it?
We gather and analyze data regarding usage of our web site, including domain name, pages visited, length of user session, etc., as part of our ongoing site evaluation process. Certain areas of the web site require personal information for obvious reasons, such as when you sign up for our mailing list, fill out a survey or take or pay for a test. If you choose not to provide personal information, you can still browse most of our web site anonymously.
Why do we collect the information?
We collect information to process your test, notify you of your test status and to create content relevant to you. You may also choose to receive notifications of new courses, special offers, updated information and new services if desired, by signing up for our newsletter.
How does FUNCPE protect customer information?
All personal information requested on our web site is transferred across a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information you input, making it virtually impossible for anyone other than FUNCPE to read it. Furthermore, all customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access.
What about “cookies”?
To provide better service and a more effective web site, we use “cookies” as part of our interaction with your browser. A “cookie” is a small text file placed on your computer’s hard drive by our web page server. “Cookies” are commonly used on web sites and do not harm your system. By configuring your preferences or options in your browser, you determine if and how a “cookie” will be accepted. We use “cookies” to determine if you have previously visited our web site and for a number of administrative purposes. These cookies do not collect personally identifiable information, and we do not combine information collected through “cookies” with other personal information to determine who you are or your email address.
Will FUNCPE disclose the information it collects to outside parties?
FUNCPE does not share information of any type with third parties.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our web site and to contact customers for marketing purposes. For example, based on the information you provide we may decide to inform you of existing FUNCPE products and services that we feel may be of interest to you. We may also use the collected information to help develop new products and services that we think customers may find helpful in the future.
If you do not want to receive messages from FUNCPE, contact us and we will remove your name from our in-house list. Please provide us with your exact name and address and we will be sure your name is removed from the mailing list. If you prefer to learn about new offers from FUNCPE through a specific medium - for example, through the mail - simply let us know your preference by sending us an email. At any time customers can contact us to remove their names from such lists.
Keeping customer information up-to-date
Keeping your account information accurate and up-to-date is important. If you ever find that our records are incomplete, inaccurate or not current, please contact us and we will correct the information as soon as possible.
You can also update your own student information my logging into the course system and clicking on the Profile link.
Notice to parents
We do not knowingly solicit information from children. Likewise, we do not knowingly market to children. We recognize that protecting children’s identities and privacy online is important and that the responsibility to do so rests with both the online industry and with parents. We encourage you to talk to your children about safe and responsible use of their personal information while using the Internet.
In summary
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We limit the collection and use of customer information to the minimum we require to deliver superior service to our customers, which includes advising our customers about our products, services and other opportunities, and to administer our business.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, please email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
CPE Course List
Tax--with online materials
Tax--using books
Tax packages--EA
Ethics--with online materials
Accounting & auditing courses
Management & other courses
Tax packages--AFSP
Tax--AFSP refresher (AFTR)
_____________________________
Why not take Fun CPE?
Click here to print course list
Become a smarter, richer accountant
in just 10 minutes when you read
The Thrifty Accountant Newsletter
When we run across something that will help you save money--or make your work easier, we put it in our monthly newsletter.
Sign up now, it's FREE!
Privacy Policy: We will never share your email address. Period. You are free to cancel at any time.
Need help?
Check FAQs
How to take course
Forgot ID/Password
Contact us
CPE Courses
Select your courses
Print course list/order form
View instructions
Order CPE courses with books included
Course evaluation
Check CPE Acceptance
CPAs-verify state acceptance
List of other professionals
EAs-view IRS approved sponsor info
AFSP/Tax Preparers-IRS approved
Past Issues
The Thrifty Accountant
Are you stuck?
If you need any help, please don't hesitate to ask. Call 877-738-6273 or This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.!
It's better to ask a "silly question" than to get stuck for hours going round in circles.
Does anything bug you?
Does anything on our website bug you? Nothing is too small or too big.
If there is something we can fix, we'd love to know. This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Copyright © 2020 FunCPE.  All rights reserved. FunCPE and Fun CPE are registered trademarks of FunCPE.
Contact Us : : Terms of Service : : Privacy policy : : Our Guaranteewww.funcpe.com | 38 Pleasant Bend Drive | Spring, TX 77382 | Phone: 877-738-6273 (toll free)