http://www.ifccash.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy is Our Top Priority!
Inheritance Funding Company, Inc. (“IFC”) may collect personally identifiable information in the course of its application and inheritance advance process, including first and last name, mailing address, email address, telephone number(s), Social Security number and driver’s license number. This information may be shared with credit bureaus for the purpose of ascertaining the amount of existing credit and/or tax liens, judgments, and outstanding child support. Credit score is NOT a determining factor when being approved for our service. IFC will never sell personally identifiable information to a 3rd party.
IFC reserves the right to contact potential customers by whatever means available. This includes but is not limited to: Email, phone call, voicemail, text message (SMS), social media messages, etc.
If you have any concerns and/or would like to opt-out of our contact list(s), please call 1-800-944-2072 to speak with us directly.
Why Wait? Get Your Inheritance Now!
Fill out the following form to receive a free, no obligation quote on an inheritance cash advance. Our friendly staff is here to serve your needs and will gladly answer any questions you may have.
If you still feel more comfortable sharing information directly over the phone, call us toll free anytime:
1-800-944-2072
We guarantee any information you provide, whether here on the website or over the phone, is protected and secure in compliance with our strict Privacy Policy.
A+ Rated by the Better Business Bureau for Over 20 Years!
Thank you!
A member of our expert team will contact you as soon as possible to guide you through the fast and easy process.
As america’s oldest and largest provider of cash advances to heirs and beneficiaries, Inheritance Funding Company guarantees the lowest price available and extremely fast and courteous service!
We look forward to working with you to find an advance right for you.
Want to get started immediately?
Call us right now for your toll-free, no obligation consultation
1-800-944-2072
Back to page