https://www.novacast.co.uk/terms-conditions/
NovaCast Website Terms and Conditions of use
Novacast
+44 (0)1225 707466
Request a quote
Toggle navigation
home
About
Company
UK Foundry
Outsourcing
3D Modelling
Casting Simulation Software
3D Printing of Prototype Moulds
FAQ
Glossary of Terms
News
Careers
Services
Casting
– Sand Casting
– Gravity Die Casting
– Investment Casting
– Lost Foam Casting
– Shell Mould Casting
– Pressure Die Casting
Precision Machining
Finishing
Stock Holding
Markets
Offshore
Rail Industry
Valve Components
Pump Components
Agricultural Machinery
Architectural
General Engineering
Quality
Quality Policy
Quality Assurance Processes
Testing Options
ISO 9001 Certificate
Resources
NovaCast Brochure
Components Gallery
Facilities Gallery
Data Sheets
Case Studies
Guides & Tips
Technical
Metal Specifications
Casting Capacities
– Aluminium Alloy LM6M
– Aluminium Alloy LM25M
– Aluminium Alloy LM25TF
– Aluminium Bronze AB1
– Aluminium Bronze AB2
– Phosphor Bronze PB1
– Phosphor Bronze PB2
– High Tensile Brass HTB1
– Leaded Gunmetal LG2
– Leaded Gunmetal LG4
– Carbon Steel SA216 WCB
– Carbon Steel SA216 WCC
– Carbon Steel SA352 LCC
– Carbon Steel EN10213
– Carbon Steel EN10293
– Stainless Steel CF8
– Stainless Steel CF3
– Stainless Steel CF8M
– Stainless Steel CF3M
– Stainless Steel 332C13
– Grey Iron EN-GJL-200
– Grey Iron EN-GJL-250
– SG Cast Iron 420/12
– SG Cast Iron 600/3
Contact
NovaCast Website Terms and Conditions
Home » NovaCast Website Terms and Conditions
NovaCast Website Terms and Conditions of use
1. Introduction
1.1    These NovaCast Website Terms and Conditions shall govern your use of our website.
1.2    By using our website, you accept these terms and conditions in full; accordingly, if you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use our website.
1.3    If you register with our website, submit any material to our website or use any of our website services, we will ask you to expressly agree to these terms and conditions.
1.4    Our website uses cookies; by using our website or agreeing to these terms and conditions, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of our privacy and cookies policy available to view here.
2.  Copyright notice
2.1    Copyright (c) 2018 NovaCast Limited.
2.2    Subject to the express provisions of these terms and conditions:
(a)    we, together with our licensors, own and control all the copyright and other intellectual property rights in our website and the material on our website; and
(b)    all the copyright and other intellectual property rights in our website and the material on our website are reserved.
3.  Licence to use website
3.1    You may:
(a)    view pages from our website in a web browser;
(b)    download pages from our website for caching in a web browser;
(c)    print pages from our website;
(d)    stream audio and video files from our website; and
(e)    use our website services by means of a web browser,
subject to the other provisions of these terms and conditions.
3.2    Except as expressly permitted by Section 3.1 or the other provisions of these terms and conditions, you must not download any material from our website or save any such material to your computer.
3.3    You may only use our website for your own personal and business purposes, and you must not use our website for any other purposes.
3.4    Except as expressly permitted by these terms and conditions, you must not edit or otherwise modify any material on our website.
3.5    Unless you own or control the relevant rights in the material, you must not:
(a)    republish material from our website (including republication on another website);
(b)    sell, rent or sub-license material from our website;
(c)    show any material from our website in public;
(d)    exploit material from our website for a commercial purpose; or
(e)    redistribute material from our website.
3.6    Notwithstanding Section 3.5, you may redistribute our newsletter in print and electronic form to any person.
3.7    We reserve the right to restrict access to areas of our website, or indeed our whole website, at our discretion; you must not circumvent or bypass, or attempt to circumvent or bypass, any access restriction measures on our website.
4.  Acceptable use
4.1    You must not:
(a)    use our website in any way or take any action that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the performance, availability or accessibility of the website;
(b)    use our website in any way that is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity;
(c)    use our website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software;
(d)    conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to our website without our express written consent;
(e)    Access or otherwise interact with our website using any robot, spider or other automated means, except for the purpose of [search engine indexing;
(f)    violate the directives set out in the robots.txt file for our website; or
(g)    use data collected from our website for any direct marketing activity (including without limitation email marketing, SMS marketing, telemarketing and direct mailing).
4.2    You must not use data collected from our website to contact individuals, companies or other persons or entities.
4.3    You must ensure that all the information you supply to us through our website, or in relation to our website, is true, accurate, current, complete and non-misleading.
5.  Your content: licence
5.1    In these terms and conditions, “your content” means all works and materials (including without limitation text, graphics, images, audio material, video material, audio-visual material, scripts, software and files) that you submit to us or our website for storage or publication on, processing by, or transmission via, our website.
5.2    You grant to us a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free licence to use, reproduce, store, adapt, publish, translate and distribute your content in any existing or future media.
5.3    You grant to us the right to sub-license the rights licensed under Section 5.2.
5.4    You grant to us the right to bring an action for infringement of the rights licensed under Section 5.2.
5.5    You hereby waive all your moral rights in your content to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law; and you warrant and represent that all other moral rights in your content have been waived to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.
5.6    Without prejudice to our other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach any provision of these terms and conditions in any way, or if we reasonably suspect that you have breached these terms and conditions in any way, we may delete, unpublish or edit any or all of your content.
6.  Your content: rules
6.1    You warrant and represent that your content will comply with these terms and conditions.
6.2    Your content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any person’s legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action against any person (in each case in any jurisdiction and under any applicable law).
6.3    Your content, and the use of your content by us in accordance with these terms and conditions, must not:
(a)    be libellous or maliciously false;
(b)    be obscene or indecent;
(c)    infringe any copyright, moral right, database right, trade mark right, design right, right in passing off, or other intellectual property right;
(d)    infringe any right of confidence, right of privacy or right under data protection legislation;
(e)    constitute negligent advice or contain any negligent statement;
(f)    constitute an incitement to commit a crime, instructions for the commission of a crime or the promotion of criminal activity;
(g)    be in contempt of any court, or in breach of any court order;
(h)    be in breach of racial or religious hatred or discrimination legislation;
(i)     be blasphemous;
(j)     be in breach of official secrets legislation;
(k)    be in breach of any contractual obligation owed to any person;
(l)     depict violence in an explicit, graphic or gratuitous manner;
(m)   be pornographic, lewd, suggestive or sexually explicit;
(n)    be untrue, false, inaccurate or misleading;
(o)    consist of or contain any instructions, advice or other information which may be acted upon and could, if acted upon, cause illness, injury or death, or any other loss or damage;
(p)    constitute spam;
(q)    be offensive, deceptive, fraudulent, threatening, abusive, harassing, anti-social, menacing, hateful, discriminatory or inflammatory; or
(r)    cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety to any person.
7.  Limited warranties
7.1    We do not warrant or represent:
(a)    the completeness or accuracy of the information published on our website;
(b)    that the material on the website is up to date; or
(c)    that the website or any service on the website will remain available.
7.2    We reserve the right to discontinue or alter any or all of our website services, and to stop publishing our website, at any time in our sole discretion without notice or explanation; and save to the extent expressly provided otherwise in these terms and conditions, you will not be entitled to any compensation or other payment upon the discontinuance or alteration of any website services, or if we stop publishing the website.
7.3    To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and subject to Section 9.1, we exclude all representations and warranties relating to the subject matter of these terms and conditions, our website and the use of our website.
8.  Limitations and exclusions of liability
8.1    Nothing in these terms and conditions will:
(a)    limit or exclude any liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence;
(b)    limit or exclude any liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
(c)    limit any liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or
(d)    exclude any liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
8.2    The limitations and exclusions of liability set out in this Section 8 and elsewhere in these terms and conditions:
(a)    are subject to Section 9.1; and
(b)    govern all liabilities arising under these terms and conditions or relating to the subject matter of these terms and conditions, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort (including negligence) and for breach of statutory duty, except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in these terms and conditions.
8.3    To the extent that our website and the information and services on our website are provided free of charge, we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.
8.4    We will not be liable to you in respect of any losses arising out of any event or events beyond our reasonable control.
8.5    We will not be liable to you in respect of any business losses, including (without limitation) loss of or damage to profits, income, revenue, use, production, anticipated savings, business, contracts, commercial opportunities or goodwill.
8.6    We will not be liable to you in respect of any loss or corruption of any data, database or software.
8.7    We will not be liable to you in respect of any special, indirect or consequential loss or damage.
8.8    You accept that we have an interest in limiting the personal liability of our officers and employees and, having regard to that interest, you acknowledge that we are a limited liability entity; you agree that you will not bring any claim personally against our officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website or these terms and conditions (this will not, of course, limit or exclude the liability of the limited liability entity itself for the acts and omissions of our officers and employees).
9.  Breaches of these terms and conditions
9.1    Without prejudice to our other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, or if we reasonably suspect that you have breached these terms and conditions in any way, we may:
(a)    send you one or more formal warnings;
(b)    temporarily suspend your access to our website;
(c)    permanently prohibit you from accessing our website;
(d)    block computers using your IP address from accessing our website;
(e)    contact any or all of your internet service providers and request that they block your access to our website;
(f)    commence legal action against you, whether for breach of contract or otherwise.
9.2    Where we suspend or prohibit or block your access to our website or a part of our website, you must not take any action to circumvent such suspension or prohibition or blocking.
10.  Variation
10.1  We may revise these terms and conditions from time to time.
10.2  The revised terms and conditions shall apply to the use of our website from the date of publication of the revised terms and conditions on the website, and you hereby waive any right you may otherwise have to be notified of, or to consent to, revisions of these terms and conditions
10.3  If you do not give your express agreement to these terms and conditions you must stop using the website.
11.  Assignment
11.1  You hereby agree that we may assign, transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with our rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.
11.2  You may not without our prior written consent assign, transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with any of your rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.
12.  Severability
12.1  If a provision of these terms and conditions is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect.
12.2  If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision of these terms and conditions would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.
13.  Third party rights
13.1  A contract under these terms and conditions is for our benefit and your benefit, and is not intended to benefit or be enforceable by any third party.
13.2  The exercise of the parties’ rights under a contract under these terms and conditions is not subject to the consent of any third party.
14.  Entire agreement
14.1  Subject to Section 8.1, these terms and conditions, together with our privacy and cookies policy, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and us in relation to your use of our website and shall supersede all previous agreements between you and us in relation to your use of our website.
15. Law and jurisdiction
15.1  These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law.
15.2  Any disputes relating to these terms and conditions shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.
16. Our details
16.1  This website is owned and operated by NovaCast Limited.
16.2  We are registered in England and Wales under registration number 01456622 and our registered office is at Unit 8, Lancaster Park, Bowerhill, Melksham, Wiltshire SN12 6TT England.
16.3  Our principal place of business is at Unit 8, Lancaster Park, Bowerhill, Melksham, Wiltshire SN12 6TT England.
16.4  You can contact us:
(a)    by post, to the postal address given above;
(b)    using our website contact form;
(c)    by telephone, on +44 (0)1225 707466; or
(d)    by email, using sales@novacast.co.uk.
17.  Credit
17.1  This document was created using a template from SEQ Legal (https://seqlegal.com).
Privacy Policy
Information about the user details we collect and how we use it...
Find out more
About
A single source solution for precision cast and machined components...
Find out more
Company
Where traditional craftsmenship combines with the latest technology...
Find out more
FAQ
Feel free to contact us with any specific questions you many have...
Find out more
PetroChem & Offshore
Rail & Transport
Valve Components
Pump Components
Agricultural
Architectural
General Engineering
The Use of Fluxes in Aluminium Casting
February 19, 2020
At NovaCast, a large proportion of our castings are produced using Aluminium alloy. The formation of Aluminium Oxide and the presence of non-metallic inclusions, collectively known as dross, is an inherent part of the casting process and one that must be managed to achieve the highest quality castings. For many years, part of the foundryman’s  … Read more
Impeller Casting Specialists
January 28, 2020
The accurate casting and balancing of impellers requires a specialist set of skills as well as a commitment to outstanding consistency and quality. For many years, NovaCast has cast and machined impellers and pump components for a wide variety of industries and applications ranging from centrifugal pumps used in the Oil & Gas, Chemical, Water  … Read more
Quality Assurance Technician Required
January 9, 2020
Following re-organisation and expansion of our engineering department, we have an immediate requirement for a Quality Assurance Technician to join the department. Reporting directly to our Design Engineer, the successful candidate will work closely with our design and engineering teams, as well as those of our customers and suppliers, to maintain the excellent quality standards  … Read more
NovaCast Limited
Unit 8, Lancaster Park
Bowerhill
Melksham
SN12 6TT
T: +44 (0)1225 707466
F: +44 01225 704241
sales@novacast.co.uk
Maps & directions
NovaCast
BSI No. 47472482
NovaCast is an FSB member
Certificate Number: 11468 ISO 9001
©
NovaCast Ltd 2020
News
Privacy Policy
NovaCast Website Terms and Conditions
Design & Content by Kudos BDL
We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our site. By continuing to use the site you agree to our use of cookies.
Privacy Preferences
I Agree
Privacy Preference Center
Options
Consent Management
Cookie Settings
Strictly NecessaryPerformanceAdvertising
Consent Management
We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our site. By continuing to use the site you agree to our use of cookies.
Privacy Policy
ON
OFF
You read and agreed to our Privacy Policy.
Strictly Necessary
These cookies are necessary for the site to function.
Cookies Used
ON
OFF
gdpr[allowed_cookies], gdpr[consent_types],
Performance
These cookies collect simple user information and allow us to improve the performance of this website.
Cookies Used
ON
OFF
_ga, _gat, _gid, p.gif
Advertising
These cookies are used to provide you with useful information based on recent browser data.
Cookies Used
ON
OFF
collect, NID
www.linkedin.com
Opt Out
bcookie, bscookie, JSESSIONID, lang, leo_auth_token, lidc, visit
www.facebook.com
Opt Out
_js_datr, _js_reg_fb_gate, _js_reg_fb_ref, fr, sb, wd
OK