https://www.hermanmiller.com/legal/privacy-notice/#Do-Not-Sell
Free Shipping on Performance Seating
Store
Contract
Where to Buy
Customer Service
Contact Us
United States
Products
Solutions
Resources
Research
Stories
Work from Home
Seating
Seating
Office Chairs
Side Chairs
Stacking Chairs
Stools
Lounge Seating
Benches
Outdoor Seating
All Seating
Gaming
Smart Office
Smart Office
Wellness App
Live Platform
Desks and Workspaces
Desks and Workspaces
Workstations
Private Office
Desks
Collaborative Furniture
Sit-to-Stand
Benching
All Desks and Workspaces
Tables
Tables
Conference Tables
Sit-to-Stand Tables
Training Tables
Dining Tables
Occasional Tables
Outdoor Tables
All Tables
Storage
All Storage
All Storage
Space Division
Space Division
Room Dividers
Phone Booths and Office Pods
Privacy Screens
Freestanding Screens
All Space Division
Healthcare
Healthcare
Healthcare Casework
Nurses Stations
Healthcare Seating
Healthcare Carts and Storage
Healthcare Technology Support
Healthcare Casegoods
Healthcare Tables
Waiting Area Seating
Waiting Area Tables
All Healthcare
Accessories
Accessories
Technology Support
Power Access
Lighting
Desk Accessories
Decor
All Accessories
Portfolios
Overview
Collection
Thrive Ergonomic Portfolio
Elements
Living Office
Overview
People
Placemaking
Furnishings
Magazine
Small and Medium Business
Overview
Working with Us
Case Studies
Home
Home
Healthcare
Applications
Exam Rooms
Patient Rooms
Nurses Stations
Healthcare Seating
Waiting Areas
Administrative Areas
Laboratories
Materials Management
Pharmacies
Education
Applications
Common Spaces
Learning Spaces
Libraries
Government
Overview
U.S. Federal
U.S. State and Local
Workplace Services
Overview
Smart Office Services
Workplace Consulting
Images
Images
Search Images
3D Models and Planning Tools
Overview
Product Models
Planning Ideas
Symbol Libraries
FAQ
Materials
Materials
Search Materials
COVID-19 Resources
New and Notable
Application Charts
Custom Materials
Chip Charts
Resources
Courses (CEUs)
Overview
Offering
Contacts
link
link
link
0 Matches found
Search
Overview
Legal
Corporate Code of Conduct
Better World Policy
Distribution Rights
Discrimination and Harassment
EEO and Affirmative Action
Related Party Transactions
Insider Trading
Whistleblower and Non-Retaliation Policy
Supplier Code of Conduct
Conflict Minerals
Product Warranty
Trademarks
Patents
Terms of Use
Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Exercise Your Rights
Accessibility Statement
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act
Overview
Privacy Notice
Effective Date: October 23, 2020
The Herman Miller Group Companies respect your privacy and your regional privacy rights:
Exercise Your Rights
Table of Contents
1.
Introduction
2.
Sources of Personal Information
3.
What Information Do We Collect and/or Receive?
4.
How Do We Use Your Information?
5.
With Whom Do We Share Your Information?
6.
Your Access and Choices About Your Information
7.
Security and Retention
8.
Children’s Privacy
9.
Mobile Apps, OAuth, and Third party Websites
10.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
11.
Contact Details
12.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
13.
Your California Privacy Rights
14.
For users in the European Economic Area and Switzerland
15.
International Transfer of Information Collected
1.
Introduction This Privacy Notice applies to all Herman Miller, Inc., controlled subsidiaries and affiliates globally, including Herman Miller, Design Within Reach, Inc., Geiger International, Inc., Nemschoff, Inc., Colebrook Bosson Saunders, naughtone, and Maharam Fabric Corporation jointly referred to as “the Herman Miller Group Companies,” “Herman Miller,” or “HM.” Herman Miller respects your privacy and in this Privacy Notice describes our current privacy practices with respect to the collection and use of your personal information, and your choices with respect to our use and collection thereof. This statement applies to information we obtain from and about individuals interacting with Herman Miller websites, mobile applications, social media sites, microsites, or other digital properties (collectively, the "Site" unless otherwise noted), and products and services; however, it does not apply to job applicants or employees. Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Notice are set forth in the Terms of Use. By using the Site, or sharing your information with us, you accept the privacy practices described in this Privacy Notice.
2.
Sources of Personal Information As you interact with Herman Miller, we may collect information about you from the following sources:
2.1
Directly from you, such as:
by filling in forms, including those on the Website
when you carry out transactions with us
when you communicate with us (including by email and SMS)
when you use our products and services
if you make a warranty claim regarding our products
if you report a problem with our products or services
2.2
From technology when you visit our Site.
2.3
From parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates within the Herman Miller Group Companies.
2.4
From third parties or public sources, such as:
Dealers and resellers
Service providers
Data brokers/resellers of data
Business partners
Advertising networks
Social media platforms and networks
Public websites, government entities that maintain public records, or information that you submit to a public forum
We may combine information that we receive from the sources described in this Notice, including third party sources and public sources, and use or disclose it for the purposes described below.
3.
What Information Do We Collect and/or Receive? The information we collect from you varies, depending on the way you use our Site or interact with us. The information may include:
3.1
Identifiers, such as name, shipping/billing address, telephone number, email address, IP address; browser type and language; operating system; domain server; type of computer or device; and other information about the device you use to access our Site.
3.2
Commercial information, including records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, marketing preferences, customer feedback, and information regarding your Smart Furnishing preferences (e.g., desk height), or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
3.3
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with our Site or advertisements.
3.4
Geolocation data.
3.5
Audio or electronic information, such as recording calls made to our customer service centers.
3.6
Professional or employment-related information and other demographic information.
3.7
Inferences drawn from any of the information above used to create a profile about our customers.
4.
How Do We Use Your Information? We use the information identified above for the following business purposes:
4.1
For our own internal business purposes, such as maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling order and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, and performing analytics.
4.2
Internal research for research, development, and product improvement.
4.3
Verifying or maintaining the quality or safety of a service or product and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or product.
4.4
Short-term transient use, such as customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction.
4.5
Auditing related to a current interaction with the consumer and concurrent transactions.
4.6
For legal, safety, and security reasons.
4.7
For marketing or advertising.
4.8
In a de-identified or aggregated format.
4.9
For services of third parties that you authorize.
5.
With Whom Do We Share Your Information? We may share information collected about you with the following entities or in the following situations:
5.1
Affiliated Companies. We may share some or all of your information to our parent companies, subsidiaries, and affiliates within the Herman Miller Group Companies.
5.2
Service Providers. We may share your information with service providers to perform functions and services on our behalf, to deliver our products or services, and/or to conduct our business, such as product delivery services, payment processors, data hosting and storage providers, customer service, marketing, and data analytics service providers.
5.3
Professional Advisors. We may share your information with our accountants, lawyers, and other professional advisers that assist us in carrying out our business activities.
5.4
With Third Parties Regarding Corporate Changes. We might buy or sell businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, sale of assets, dissolution, or similar event, the information we collect may be part of the transferred assets.
5.5
For Legal, Safety, and Security Reasons. We may disclose information to others (including law enforcement, public authorities, and regulatory bodies) if we are required to do so by law, or whenever we believe that disclosing such information is necessary or advisable to protect and defend our rights, property, or the safety of us or others. Note that we may be required to disclose an individual’s personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities (such as a court order), including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We may also disclose your information to detect and/or resolve any fraud or security concerns.
5.6
With Select Partner and Digital Advertising Networks for Targeted Marketing. We may share personal information that we hold about you with non-affiliated third parties (select partners and digital advertising networks) for marketing of similar products or services.
5.7
Consent. We may share personal information that we hold about you with your consent or at your direction with non-affiliated third parties.
6.
Your Access and Choices About Your Information You can access and update most of your account information on our Site by logging into your account. You may opt out of receiving certain future email communications from us by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of emails you receive from us. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to process such requests in a timely manner. You cannot opt out of receiving transactional emails or communications related to your account with us. You may also contact us at the email provided in this Privacy Notice.
7.
Security and Retention We use reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures to protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information. However, since the Internet is not a 100 percent secure environment and no security system or measures are impenetrable, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us. We strongly advise you not to communicate any confidential information through email to us or otherwise through this Site. We retain personal information only for as long as necessary to fulfill the stated purposes for which the personal information was collected or otherwise processed and thereafter only for legitimate purposes or legal requirements.
8.
Children's Privacy The Site is not directed or targeted towards, nor intended for use by, persons under the age of 16. If you are not at least 16 years of age, do not access, use, or register on the Site. We do not knowingly collect, use, share or sell Personal Information from persons under age 16. If you believe we have done so in error, please notify us and we will terminate and delete your account and all information contained therein.
9.
Mobile Apps, OAuth, and Third party Websites
9.1
Mobile Applications Herman Miller may have mobile applications that you can download to your mobile device (“HM Applications”). When you download a HM Application, there may be an opportunity for you to provide us with or for us to obtain information about you. Each HM Application will display a Privacy Notice that will inform you about how any new or different information shared via the application will be handled. Otherwise, information collected via HM Applications will be the information identified above and will be used and shared as stated in this Privacy Notice.
Certain features and functionality of the HM Applications are based on your location. To provide these features and functionalities, if you consent, we may collect geolocational information from your mobile device, wireless carrier, and/or certain Third party service providers. Collection of such information occurs only when you are using your mobile device. You may decline to allow us to collect such information or disable location services on your mobile device but doing so will restrict certain features and functionalities to you.
9.2
Standard Open Authorization and Similar Technology (“OAuth”)
With your permission, in addition to the uses of or access to your Personal Information discussed in this Notice, third party applications and services may access your personal information using OAuth if you choose to log into our Site using your log-in information from those third party applications. We may also use OAuth to allow us to share information about you that is stored by us without sharing your security credentials.
9.3
Third party Websites We are not responsible for the practices employed by third party websites or services linked to or from our Site, including the information or content contained in such websites or services, and this Privacy Notice does not apply to them. Privacy policies on such linked websites may be different from our Privacy Notice. Your browsing and interaction with any third party website or service, including those that have a link on our Site, are subject to that third party’s own rules and privacy policies. You access such linked websites at your own risk. You should always read the privacy notice of a linked website before disclosing any of your information on such website.
10.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies We use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with the Site through your computer or mobile device. Cookies are small text files stored on your device when you access most websites on the internet or open certain emails. Cookies allow a website to remember information about you, such as your user preferences, unique identifiers, and other information. More specifically, we use cookies to personalize your experience when you visit the Site, uniquely identify your computer for security purposes and enable us and our third- party service providers to serve ads on our behalf across the internet.
Get more information about how we use automatic data collection tools, such as cookies and widgets, and how to update your choices in relation to their use.
11.
Contact Details If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, please contact us at: Mailing Address: Herman Miller, Inc. Attn: Legal Department Privacy Inquiry 855 East Main Ave. Zeeland, MI 49464 Email privacy@hermanmiller.com
12.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice We may make changes to this Notice from time to time, in our sole discretion. When we do, we will update this page and display the date of last update at the top of the page. We encourage you to periodically check this Site to learn about the information we collect, use, and share. Your continued use of any of the Site after the changes have been made will constitute your acceptance of the changes. If you do not wish to continue using the Site under the new version of the Notice, please uninstall any mobile application and cease using the Site. When required under applicable law, we will seek affirmative consent from you before making material changes to how we handle data previously collected from you. If you do not provide such consent, we will continue to use personal information in a manner consistent with the version of this Privacy Notice under which it was collected, or the information will be deleted.
13.
Your California Privacy Rights In addition to the information provided above about the data collected and how we use and share it, in accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), below is a list of the categories of personal information collected, and for each category, the categories of third parties with whom we share the personal information for a business or commercial purpose. The sections referenced in the chart below relate to the section in the Notice above.
Category of Personal Information
Categories of Third Parties to whom it was disclosed for a business purpose
Categories of Third Parties to whom it was sold for marketing purposes
Identifiers (3.1)
Affiliated Companies (5.1)
Service Providers (5.2)
Professional Advisors (5.3)
With Third Parties Regarding Corporate Changes (5.4)
For Legal, Safety, and Security Reasons (5.5)
For Targeted Marketing (5.6)
With non-affiliated third parties with your consent (5.7)
With select partners and digital advertising networks for targeted marketing (5.7)
Commercial Information (3.2)
Affiliated Companies (5.1)
Service Providers (5.2)
Professional Advisors (5.3)
With Third Parties Regarding Corporate Changes (5.4)
For Legal, Safety, and Security Reasons (5.5)
For Targeted Marketing (5.6)
With non-affiliated third parties with your consent (5.7)
With select partners and digital advertising networks for targeted marketing (5.7)
Internet or other electronic activity (3.3)
Affiliated Companies (5.1)
Service Providers (5.2)
With Third Parties Regarding Corporate Changes (5.4)
For Legal, Safety, and Security Reasons (5.5)
For Targeted Marketing (5.6)
With select partners and digital advertising networks for targeted marketing (5.7)
Geolocation data (3.4)
Affiliated Companies (5.1)
Service Providers (5.2)
With Third Parties Regarding Corporate Changes (5.4)
For Legal, Safety, and Security Reasons (5.5)
For Targeted Marketing (5.6)
Audio or electronic information (3.5)
Affiliated Companies (5.1)
With Third Parties Regarding Corporate Changes (5.4)
For Legal, Safety, and Security Reasons (5.5)
Professional or employment-related information (3.6)
Affiliated Companies (5.1)
Service Providers (5.2)
Professional Advisors (5.3)
With Third Parties Regarding Corporate Changes (5.4)
For Legal, Safety, and Security Reasons (5.5)
With non-affiliated third parties with your consent (5.7)
Inferences (3.7)
Affiliated Companies (5.1)
Service Providers (5.2)
Professional Advisors (5.3)
With Third Parties Regarding Corporate Changes (5.4)
For Legal, Safety, and Security Reasons (5.5)
As a California resident, you have certain rights, subject to legal limitations, regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your personal information described below. You can exercise your rights here Data Subject Right Request, or you can contact us at privacy@hermanmiller.com.
13.1
Right to Opt Out/Do Not Sell We may disclose the information identified above to third parties for their targeted marketing purposes and to enhance your experience on our Site. California Consumers have the right to opt out of the sale of their personal information. To opt out of online activity tracking and data sharing (through cookies and other tracking technologies), you can opt-out of each cookie category (except strictly necessary cookies) by clicking on the “cookie settings” button below:
CookieSettings
13.2
Right to Delete California Consumers have the right to request that we delete personal information about you that we have collected from you.
13.3
Right to Know California Consumers have the right to request that we disclose personal information that we have about you. You can request that we provide you with the categories of personal information we have collected in the 12 months preceding your request, at a minimum, and for each category: the categories of sources from which the personal information was collected; the business or commercial purpose for which we collected the personal information; the categories of third parties to whom we sold or disclosed the category of personal information for a business purpose; and the business or commercial purpose for which we sold or disclosed the category of personal information. You can also request that we provide the specific pieces of personal information that we have about you.
13.4
Verification We may seek certain pieces of information to verify your identity that may include email address and government issued identification. We may use third party verification companies to help us verify your identity. If you are submitting a request on behalf of a household, we will need to verify each member of the household in the manner set forth in this section.
13.5
Use of Authorized Agent If you are making any of the requests above through an authorized agent, we will request written authorization from you and will seek to verify your identity in the manners stated above (depending on the request type), or we will accept a legal Power of Attorney under the California Probate Code to the authorized agent. To make a request using an authorized agent contact privacy@hermanmiller.com.
13.6
Timing of Response We will respond to Requests to Delete and Requests to Know within 45 calendar days, unless we need more time, in which case we will notify you. It may take up to 90 days in total to respond to your request. We will respond to Requests to Opt Out within 15 business days.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights.
14.
For users in the European Economic Area and Switzerland
14.1
Herman Miller as Controller When you provide us with your information through our Site or to use our products or services, we serve as a data controller. When we act as a data controller we determine how personal information will be utilized, in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
14.2
Our Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Data Depending on the purpose of each processing activity described in Section 4 above, the processing is justified on one of the legal bases indicated below.
Purpose (references refer to Section 4 above)
Legal Basis for Processing
For our own internal business purposes (4.1)
Herman Miller’s legitimate business purposes (such as to provide to you our products, services, and Site; to develop and improve our products, services and Site; prevent fraud and provide security) and as necessary to perform our contractual obligations to provide you products or services.
Internal research for research, development, and product improvement (4.2)
Herman Miller’s legitimate business purposes
Verifying or maintaining the quality or safety of a service or product and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or product (4.3)
Herman Miller’s legitimate business purposes
Short-term transient use, such as customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction (4.4)
Herman Miller’s legitimate business purposes
Auditing related to a current interaction with the consumer and concurrent transactions (4.5)
Herman Miller’s legitimate business purposes
For legal, safety, and security reasons (4.6)
Herman Miller’s legitimate business purposes, because processing is necessary for us to comply with law and in order to establish, exercise, or defend legal claims.
For marketing or advertising (4.7)
Herman Miller’s legitimate business purposes, except where your consent is required under applicable law, then in accordance with consent provided by you.
For services of third parties that you authorize (4.9)
In accordance with consent provided by you.
14.3
Data Subject Rights You may exercise certain rights, listed below, subject to legal limitations, regarding your personal information, if you are a resident of the EEA or where the General Data Protection Regulation (site) applies. You can exercise your data right here: Data Subject Request. To protect your privacy, before we allow you to exercise a right, we may ask you to verify your identity or provide additional information. We will try to do so free of charge, but if it would require a disproportionate effort on our part, we may charge a fee. We will disclose the fee before we comply with your request. We may reject a request for any of a number of reasons, including, for example, that the request risks the privacy of other users, requires technical efforts that are disproportionate to the request, is repetitive, or is unlawful.
Know About, Access, and Receive a Copy of Your Information
Right to Rectification
Data Portability
Right to Restrict or Object to Processing
Erasure of Personal Data
Right to Not be Subject to Automatic Decision Making
Right to Complain to a Supervisory Authority in the EU
15.
International Transfer of Information Collected Herman Miller is a global enterprise based in the United States with operations in countries around the world. Authorized Herman Miller personnel and third parties acting on our behalf may access, use and process personal data collected from you in a country that is different from yours, and which may have different, including less stringent, data protection laws. Herman Miller has implemented global privacy practices for processing personal data to ensure the personal data is protected under various data protection laws, including the applicable data protection laws under which the personal data was collected. Herman Miller transfers personal data between the countries in which we operate in accordance with the standards and conditions of applicable data protection laws, including standards and conditions related to security, processing and acceptable transfer mechanisms.
Herman Miller
About
Awards
Better World
Brands
Careers
Investors
Partners
Press
Our Designers
Our Story
Purpose and Values
Timeline
Videos
For Home
Living Spaces
For Business
Research
Living Office
Small Business Program
Enterprise eCommerce
For Education
Research
Education Solutions
For Government
Federal
State and Local
For Healthcare
Research
Healing Spaces
Get Help
Customer Service
Care and Assembly
Chair Adjustments
FAQ
Warranty
Catalog Opt Out
Nelson Product Recall
Contacts
Contact Us
A+D Representatives
Investor Relations
Media Relations
Shop
Herman Miller Store
Stores
Find a Dealer
Showrooms
Accounts
Account Sign-in
Store Account
Shop the Store
Sign up for our newsletter
Email sign up
Follow Us
United States
© 2020 Herman Miller, Inc.
Privacy
Cookies
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Terms
Accessibility
Legal
CA Supply Chains Act
Sitemap
Site Feedback
A Herman Miller Group Company
Herman Miller
Colebrook Bosson Saunders
Design Within Reach
Geiger
HAY
Maars Living Walls
Maharam
Naughtone
Nemschoff