http://www.kimball.com/contactus/privacypolicy/
Price Lists
Binder Index
Lead Times
Warranty
Educational Info
Sustainability
SPARK Blog
Inspiring Spaces
Case Studies
Typicals Library
Revit
Specification & CAD Info
Helio
Joya
Wish
Product Videos
Installation Videos
Assembly
Disassembly
User Adjustments
Chicago
Washington D.C.
Atlanta
Company
About Us
Awards & Recognition
Sustainability
Educational Info
International Capabilities
Financing Options
Investor Relations
Supplier Diversity Policy
Our Guiding Principals
Our Story
Our Purpose
Careers
Contact
David Edward
News
Showrooms
Rep Locator
Dealer Locator
Work Your Way Days 2020
Chicago 2019
Chicago 2018
HCD 2019
SPARK
Login
Privacy Policy
Kimball International, Inc. (including our affiliates and subsidiaries) sincerely appreciates your trust and confidence in our goods and services. The privacy and security of the information collected from you is a priority to us. It is equally important to us that you understand how we handle the information.
By accessing, browsing or using this website, you expressly acknowledge that you have read, understand and agree to all of the terms of this Privacy Policy, as outlined below and as it may be modified by us from time to time without prior notice. If you do not agree to all of these terms, please do not browse or use this website.
Note that this website utilizes Google Analytics to improve the design and delivery of our websites by collecting information such as site access geographic location, browser/device used, and pages viewed. No personal and private information, such as name or email address, is collected unless a website requests via a registration process.
Collection of Information
The information we collect depends upon your relationship with us and what you do when visiting our website. We collect information through our website on visitors and actual and potential employees, employee family members, customers, vendors, contractors, and others who have or are seeking a relationship with Kimball International. For visitors to our website, we may require you to provide specific information about yourself when you engage in certain activities. Such information will generally include your name, User ID, phone number, e-mail address, mailing and/or billing address, and credit card related information. Although it is optional for you to disclose the requested information, you must do so in order to engage in certain activities on our website or maintain a relationship with us. To conduct business and comply with government regulations (employment, tax, insurance, etc.) we may collect additional personal information, particularly on potential and actual employees, such as government identification numbers (ex. social security numbers, tax payer ID's, drivers license, etc.), date of birth, gender, race, ethnicity, health and disability information, family-related information (ex. marital status, personal and health-related information on family members, etc.), and any other necessary information. Employees should refer to the Employee Data Privacy Policy for further information. If you send information to Kimball International you explicitly consent to storage, destruction, processing, disclosure, and/or any other use of your information by Kimball International or its third party service providers.
Cookies
We may also acquire certain information about you from a "cookie" and from your IP/Internet address. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your web browser on your computer's hard drive and allow us to serve you faster and with better quality. If you don't like cookies, your web browser likely includes an option that allows you not to accept them. Employees should refer to the Employee Data Privacy Policy for further information.
Use of the information we collect
We may use your information as follows:
to identify you personally
to communicate with you
to provide you with smooth, efficient, customized services
to provide you with better customer support
to improve our marketing and promotional efforts
to analyze your usage of our website
to comply with human resource requirements
to provide employee benefits (compensation, health, insurance, etc.)
Disclosure of Information
We have no intention to transfer to a third country or international organization and we promise that we will not disclose, sell or otherwise distribute to any third party any of your personally identifiable information without your prior consent except under the following circumstances:
Legal requests and investigations – We may disclose any information about you when, in our opinion, such disclosure is necessary to prevent fraud or to comply with any statute, law, rule or regulation of any governmental authority or any order of any court of competent jurisdiction.
Third-party service providers – We may, from time to time, outsource some or all of the operations of our business to third-party service providers. In such cases, it will be necessary for us to disclose your information to those service providers. In some cases, the service providers may collect information directly from you on our behalf. We restrict how such service providers may access, use and disclose your information.
Agents – We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from user lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, providing customer service, processing employee compensation, providing employee benefits, and performing legal or other professional services. These agents have access to your information needed to perform their functions, but they are not permitted to use it for other purposes.
Business Transfers - As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy companies, subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing privacy policies (unless, of course, the person consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that Kimball International or all of its assets are acquired, your information may be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Kimball International and Others - We release information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our policies and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Kimball International, our customers and employees, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from people for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Updating your personal information
Although you may change your information on our website, we may maintain such prior information about you. Therefore, you should not expect that all of your historical information will be removed from our databases at the time you notify us of changes. Kimball International observes a record retention policy that complies with applicable data retention requirements as designated by applicable law.
To access, change, remove, or opt out of further use of our web-based applications, please login to the specific application(s) you have utilized (i.e., career center, dealer sites, etc.). If you have trouble locating the application(s) you previously used, or if you wish to request erasure of your data under GDPR, you may notify us via email at privacy@kimballinternational.com. We will acknowledge your request within 72 hours of receipt.
Security of your personal information
We employ reasonable security measures and technologies, such as password protection, encryption, firewalls and other controls to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information. However, you should be aware that no data transmission can be 100% guaranteed, and our security measures do not protect your information once it leaves our web server's control.
Also, since our website may contain optional links to third-party sites that we do not control, we assume no responsibility whatsoever with respect to those sites. You should read and accept the privacy policies of all such sites before accessing them.
Parents and children
Children (persons under age 18) are not eligible to use our services.
If you are a parent or guardian, please make every effort to guard your children's privacy. If you are under the age of 18, please do not send us any information about yourself.
Reservation of Rights
We reserve the right to change, supplement, or amend this notice at any time; in such case, this will be notified through our website and/or any other methods permitted by applicable law.
Notice
If covered by GDPR, persons have a right to lodge a complaint with the applicable national data protection authority. All notices required or permitted under this Privacy Policy shall be in writing, shall reference this Privacy Policy and shall be deemed given upon receipt when sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid or commercial overnight carrier, with written verification of receipt. All communications shall be sent to the address set forth below or to such other address as may be designated by Kimball International by providing notice through disclosure in this Privacy Policy.
Kimball International, Inc.
Privacy Officer
1600 Royal Street
Jasper, IN 47549-1001
USA