http://www.igods.com/legal/privacy.html
iGods.com recognizes that our users have legitimate concerns about privacy, and are committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy sets forth our practices regarding the use of "personal information" we gather from you. "Personal information" is information that personally identifies you, including, for example, your name, address, and email address. This policy only addresses our activities from our servers. Other sites (including those that we link to and third party sites or services which we co-brand, such as content partners) may have their own policies, which we do not control, and thus are not addressed by this policy.
We collect personal information about you only when you specifically and knowingly provide it to us. Your information will be used to personalize your experience within iGods.com. We may make aggregate, non-personal, information about our site's users (e.g. overall statistics) available to third parties for advertising and other purposes, however, information that personally identifies you will be kept strictly confidential and will not be made available to third parties without your explicit permission.
On occasion, iGods.com may ask you for personal information such as your name or address. We collect this information so we can maintain contact with our users, and track/verify compliance with our policies. This information may also be needed for purposes of compliance with federal, provincial and local laws.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information left in the settings of your web browser to identify your computer to a website when you enter. Whenever a website welcomes you and tailors data to your specifications, it is reading a cookie and identifying information you may have registered during previous visits. iGods.com uses cookies to record your viewing preferences and allow us to tailor information directly to you. Cookies also help us estimate and report the size of our viewing community and traffic. While these activities depend on the use of a "cookie," visitors to iGods.com always have the option of disabling cookies via their internet browser preferences.
Users should be aware that when you are on iGods.com, you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. There are links to other sites that take you outside of our service. For example, if you "click" on a banner advertisement, you are directed away from iGods.com. You may also be directed to the websites of suppliers, sponsors, partners etc... These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data or solicit personal information.
The use of cookies is an industry standard, and many major Web sites use them to provide great features for their customers.
Policy Changes
iGods.com may introduce new products and services to its users and members. We reserve the right to modify this policy at any time by notifying customers, via the KnowledgeVine.net website, of a new privacy policy. You can send email to us with any further questions: info@knowledgevine.net
About Us       |       Client List       |       Support       |       Pricing       |       Contact Us
iGods Internet Marketing © 2009 • Privacy Policy • Legal Pages