http://www.washingtonlifescience.com/privacy.htm
Skip over navigation
Directory
Directory Search
Jobs
Job Search
Post a Job
Patient
Patient Resources
Drug Development
History
Genealogy
About
Advertising
Feedback
Home
Quick Links
Directory
Job Search
History
Advertising
EquipNet Auctions: Need It Now? Own It Now.
Inventory counting down in price
Privacy Policy
Info.Resource, Inc. is committed to ensuring the privacy of users of our web sites. In
addition to fully supporting the Principles of Online Solicitation adopted by the
Interactive Services Association (ISA) and the Direct Marketing Association, Info.Resource
also pledges that:
Info.Resource will not provide an individual's e-mail address, usage paths, or
demographic data to any third parties.
Info.Resource will honor a request by a user to erase all information related to his or
her information maintained in the company's contact database.
Info.Resource uses a technology called non-persistent cookies, which is a small data
file that a server gives to your browser when you access a web site in order to let you
access the pages you request and to track the pages visited. Using non-persistent cookies
to track page visits helps us analyze our site usage more accurately.
Info.Resource is dedicated to improving Internet navigation for everyone, and firmly
believes that personal privacy is a commodity worth protecting. We are acutely aware that
evolving technologies present new challenges for user privacy. We work to comply with the
guidelines set by numerous privacy organizations to ensure that we stay on the cutting
edge of privacy protection.
Additional sites that we recommend you visit to keep abreast of the issues surrounding
your privacy and the Internet include:
Consumer Project on Technology
The Consumer Project on Technology (CPT), established by Ralph Nader in 1995, covers
legislative issues related to telecommunications, intellectual property, privacy, and
anti-trust issues.
Electronic Frontier Foundation
The Electronic Frontier Foundation is a non-profit civil liberties organization working
in the public interest to protect privacy, free expression, and access to public resources
and information online, as well as to promote responsibility in new media.
EPIC
EPIC is a Washington, D.C. based public interest research center established in 1994 to
focus public attention on emerging civil liberties issues and to protect privacy, the
First Amendment, and constitutional values.
Privacy International
Privacy International (PI) is a London-based human rights group, established in 1990,
as a watchdog on surveillance by governments and corporations. PI has conducted campaigns
in Europe, Asia and North America to counter abuses of privacy by way of information
technology such as telephone tapping, ID card systems, video surveillance, data matching,
police information systems, and medical records.
If you have questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact:
Philip Ness, President & CEO
Info.Resource, Inc.
Phone: 800.709.8907
E-mail: pbness@InfoResource.org
Email This Pageto a Friend
Print ThisPage
© 1997 - 2020 Info.Resource, Inc. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy .
Cookie Policy .
Terms of Use .
About
.
Advertising
WashingtonLifeScience.com is owned and published by Info.Resource, Inc.