http://www.asahi-america.com/privacy-statement
About Us
Company OverviewCompany HistoryAsahi/America ContactsContact InformationCareersAA Employee WebsiteCertifications & Associations
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Privacy Agreement
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USING THIS SITE
IN ORDER TO USE THIS SITE, USERS MUST AGREE WITH THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE. PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY. IF A USER DOES NOT AGREE WITH THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE, PLEASE CONTACT US AND EXPLAIN YOUR CONCERNS. ASAHI/AMERICA, INC. MAY UPDATE THE FOLLOWING TERMS PERIODICALLY, AND THE CHANGES ARE EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY UPON POSTING.
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Asahi/America, Inc. wishes to demonstrate our sensitivity to privacy issues on the Internet and to show our firm commitment to protecting the privacy of anyone using this site.
As a general policy, no personal information is automatically collected from users of the site. This does not apply to information willingly entered by registered customers of Asahi/America, Inc. in the process of ordering products through this site. However, certain non-personal information is recorded by the standard operation of our Internet servers. Information, such as the type of browser being used, its operating system, and the domain name, is gathered in order to customize our users online experience and to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website. Other uses of this information include internal review of the number of users on the site, but only in an aggregate and non-personally-identifiable form.
Please note that Asahi/America, Inc. does not sell, transfer or divulge any information entered on this site to any business entity not connected with Asahi/America, Inc.
ASAHI/AMERICA COPYRIGHT NOTICE
The content of all materials on this website is copyrighted by Asahi/America, Inc. unless otherwise indicated. Asahi/America, Inc. authorizes you to copy documents, presentations, and any information that appear on this website for personal or non-commercial use only. Any copy of these documents that shall retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained herein. No materials on the Asahi/America, Inc. website shall be stored, transmitted by any means, including but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, scanning, photocopying or recording without prior written permission of Asahi/America, Inc.
Trademarks and Intellectual Property Disclaimer
Asahi/America, Inc., the Asahi/America, Inc. logo, and all product names appearing on this website are among the trademarks and/or service marks owned by Asahi/America, Inc.
External Links
At certain places on this website, users may be able to link to other Internet addresses. Asahi/America, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. Although we try to link only to websites that have similar privacy policies, Asahi/America, Inc. ultimately is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of any sites we have chosen to link to. Please note that Asahi/America, Inc. does not endorse, approve, certify or control those external links, nor does it guarantee the accuracy, efficacy, timeliness, or correct sequencing of information located at any of those external links.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Access to computer data and files at Asahi/America, Inc. are secured by password coding to prevent unauthorized access. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary, and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our visitors.
Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances will Asahi/America, Inc. be liable to any person or business entity for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other damages based on any use of this website or any other website to which the Asahi/America, Inc. website is linked, including, without limitation, any lost profits, business interruption, or loss of programs or information.
Contacting the Website
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, please contact:
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
live chat software