http://www.ddtgroup.com/course-booking-terms-conditions
HomeAbout UsDefensive Driver Training LimitedEmployers' Legal ResponsibilitiesCourse Locations and Facilities What is Defensive Driving?FAQNewsClientsRecruitmentCPC CoursesWhat is Driver CPC?Advanced Driving CoursesDefensive Driver Training One Day CourseVehicle Familiarisation Driver Training CourseDriver Assessor Training CourseSkid Control Driver Training CourseUK Familiarisation Driver Training CourseTrailer Towing Driver Training CourseFuel Efficient Driving CourseGrey Fleet Driver Training CourseWinter Driving Defensive Driving CourseVans and Light Commercial Driver TrainingLarge Goods Vehicles Driver TrainingPCV & Minibus Driver TrainingMinibus Driver AssessmentsHalf Day Defensive Driver Training Course FormatsDefensive Driver Training Refresher CoursesSpeed Awareness Driver Training CoursesPost Accident Rehabilitation Driver TrainingPost Driving Ban Driver Training CoursesHigh-Risk Driver Assessment and Retraining CoursesSafe & Advanced Driver Training SeminarsHybrid & Electric Vehicle Familiarisation CourseBanksmanContact Us
REQUEST A QUOTE
Course Booking Terms & Conditions
You are here:  HomeCourse Booking Terms & Conditions
Course Booking Terms & ConditionsTraining
Facilities
We will provide a computer and data
projector for courses with a theory session. If the meeting room has a wired in
projection system we will use that if it is compatible with our computer.
If the course
is held on your premises we will need a suitable room that can comfortably
accommodate the delegates and lead trainer.
In Vehicle
Training
For courses
with a practical session, the delegate to instructor ratio is your choice. In
cars this can be up to 3:1 but we do recommend a 2:1 ratio as it gives each
delegate more driving time. In the case of commercial vehicles the maximum
ratio is determined by the seating capacity of the cab. We will always aim to
supply you with the agreed number of instructors. If you make late changes to
the number of delegates we may be unable to provide extra instructors, so the
in vehicle training ratio may increase. You will only be charged for the number
of instructors who attend the course.
Hire Vehicles
If
required, we can provide hire vehicles for the practical session. We can also
insure hired vehicles for both delegates and instructors to drive. Hire, fuel
and any insurance costs will be recharged to you after the course. Ideally we
require 24 hours notice.
Insurance
Please
ensure that your insurance policy covers both the delegates and the instructors
to drive the company vehicle for the whole period of the in vehicle session. If
you are not sure of the extent of your cover please consult your insurance
department or broker.
Practical
training can be conducted in a private vehicle that is used on company
business. However this will have to be done on a 1:1 ratio as it is unlikely
that the insurer will be willing to extend cover for other delegates to drive,
or for our instructor to drive. Therefore the instructor will not be able to
give a demonstration drive in a private car. The vehicle must also be insured
for business use.
In
circumstances where you are training drivers who use private vehicles on
business, the best option is to match them up with the driver of a company
vehicle, or ask us to provide and insure a hire vehicle for you.
Payment Terms
Our normal practice is to invoice you the week of
the course. Payment due 30 days after the course date.
We do however
reserve the right to ask for payment in full 30 days before the course date, or
for a part payment for any deposits that we may have to pay for external
training facilities, e.g. skid pans, skid cars, LGV hire, meeting rooms etc.
Cancellations
We will
always do our best, if given sufficient notice to accommodate any changes in course
location, delegate numbers, or dates, without penalty to you providing that we
are able to reallocate training staff to alternative fee earning jobs.
Should this
not be possible then 50% of the course fees will be payable if the cancellation
is made within 10 working days of the course date. The full course fees will be
payable if the cancellation is made within five working days of the course
date.
Please note that we will always
invoice at the agreed instructor day rate for the agreed number of instructors.
For example, if you book a course for six drivers with an in vehicle training
ratio of 2:1, we will provide three instructors. If only four drivers attend on
the day we will still invoice for the three instructors.
Our fees
include all of our travelling and accommodation expenses unless stated
otherwise. VAT is added at the prevailing rate.
We reserve the right to charge interest on late
payments at bank base rate plus 2% compounded monthly.
Refreshments
Refreshments
are not included in the course fees unless agreed with you in advance. For a
full one day part theory-part practical course, you may wish to provide
refreshments before the course starts and at the end of the theory session. We
recommend that you do not provide lunch at the course venue but instead allow
each group to make their own arrangements on the day while they are out on the
road e.g. with a petty cash arrangement or expenses claim. Delegates returning
to the venue for lunch may be distracted and often go missing to make phone
calls etc which wastes valuable training time. Not having to return to the
course venue for lunch also allows the trainer to plan a route over a larger
area taking in a greater variety of road conditions.
Copyright
& Confidentiality
We retain
all proprietary rights, copyrights and intellectual property rights on all
course materials whether written, verbal, audio visual or any other format.
Please do not copy or reproduce in whole or in part any materials supplied on
any training course without prior written permission from us. Any copies shall
at all times remain the sole property of Defensive Driver Training Limited and
shall be subject to these terms and conditions. All course material is
confidential and must not be disclosed or made available to any third party
whatsoever.
Defensive Driver Training
We are one of the UK’s leading corporate driver training companies specialising in providing Defensive and Advanced driving courses to wide variety of clients from almost every sector of the UK economy including banking, the petro-chemical industry, property,  pharmaceuticals,  electricity & gas,  energy generation and distribution, local authorities, NHS Trusts and government agencies... read more
Quick Links
Home CPC Courses What is Drivers CPC? Get A Quote Advanced Driving Courses
Contact Details
Location Address:Defensive Driver Training Ltd, Pure Offices, Broadwell Road, Oldbury, West Midlands,B69 4BY. Email Address:admin@ddtgroup.comTelephone:01384 442233
Defensive Driver Training Limited
Call  |
Email
Home About Us Defensive Driver Training Limited Employers' Legal Responsibilities Course Locations and Facilities
What is Defensive Driving? FAQ News Clients Recruitment CPC Courses What is Driver CPC? Advanced Driving Courses Defensive Driver Training One Day Course Vehicle Familiarisation Driver Training Course Driver Assessor Training Course Skid Control Driver Training Course UK Familiarisation Driver Training Course Trailer Towing Driver Training Course Fuel Efficient Driving Course Grey Fleet Driver Training Course Winter Driving Defensive Driving Course Vans and Light Commercial Driver Training Large Goods Vehicles Driver Training PCV & Minibus Driver Training Minibus Driver Assessments Half Day Defensive Driver Training Course Formats Defensive Driver Training Refresher Courses Speed Awareness Driver Training Courses Post Accident Rehabilitation Driver Training Post Driving Ban Driver Training Courses High-Risk Driver Assessment and Retraining Courses Safe & Advanced Driver Training Seminars Hybrid & Electric Vehicle Familiarisation Course Banksman Contact Us
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. For more information and to opt-out please view our privacy policy page. Privacy & Opt-out OptionsContinue