http://www.spygadgets.com/legal-notice/
Sign inCreate An Account
Account
877.779.2261
Home
Legal Notice
USER CONDUCT AND OBLIGATIONS
You may access and use this Website solely for your own personal or professional purposes to make payments to the Spygadgets. You agree to follow all applicable laws and regulations as well as our Terms of Use when using this Website. Furthermore, you agree that you shall not:
a. Use the Website in an unauthorized manner, or upload, post or otherwise transmit through or to this Website any content, that:
is unlawful, abusive, threatening, harmful, obscene, lewd, offensive, defamatory or otherwise objectionable;
might infringe the intellectual property rights, privacy rights, rights of publicity, or other proprietary rights of others; or
contains any viruses, trojan horses, time bombs, or any other harmful programs or elements;
b. Damage, disable, disrupt, overburden, interfere with or attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion of our Website, its computer systems, servers or networks, or interfere with any other person’s use and enjoyment of the Website;
c. Provide false information about yourself to us, impersonate any other person or company, or otherwise attempt to mislead others about your identity or the truthfulness or accuracy of the data you transmit through this Website;
d. Collect information about other visitors to our Website without their consent or otherwise systematically extract data or data fields, including without limitation any financial data or e-mail addresses;
e. Publish, reproduce, transmit, distribute, sell or otherwise view, use or access this Website, including any content contained on, downloaded or accessed from this Website, except as specifically permitted in writing by us; or
f. Intentionally alter the format in which personal or financial data is collected by this site or otherwise circumvent our regular interfaces to such data.
5. PRIVACY
SPYGADGETS is committed to protecting the privacy of our users. We strive to provide a safe, secure user experience. We use our best efforts to ensure that the information you register and submit to us remains private, and is used only for the purposes set forth in our Privacy Policy. Please review our Privacy Policy for more information on our privacy practices.
6. CUSTOMER SERVICE
You may contact SPYGADGETS’s Customer Service or Accounting departments if you have a question about the amount of your payment. If there is a billing error on the periodic statement you receive for your Credit Card account, or if your payment transaction is declined, you should contact your card issuer or bank.
SPYGADGETS customer service staff are available to answer questions regarding use of this Website. You should contact us in the event you have a question regarding why your Credit Card account was charged/debited.  Please visit our Contact Us page for customer service information and to contact us online. You may also reach us by mail at: SPYGADGETS, 4117 Hillsboro Pike, Ste 103-344Nashville TN 3721 Weekdays, 8:00am to 5:00pm CST.
7. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
You acknowledge and agree that the performance of this Website and all information contained on, downloaded or accessed from this Website are provided to you on an “as is” and “as available” basis, without REPRESENTATIONS OR warranties of any kind whatsoever, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, including any implied warranties or warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, TITLE or non-infringement of the rights of third parties.
SPYGADGETS, its affiliates, subsidiaries or its or their officers, managers, directors, principals, employees, Contractors or agents (collectively, the “SPYGADGETS Parties”) shall not be responsible for and do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, suitability or usefulness of this Website. None of the SPYGADGETS Parties warrant that this Website will operate uninterrupted or error-free, or that this Website will be free of computer viruses or other harmful elements. You expressly agree that the risk as to the quality and performance of this Website and the accuracy, timeliness or completeness of the content or services is assumed solely by you.
8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
In no event shall SPYGADGETS nor any of their data providers be liable for loss or damage caused by your reliance on or use of this Website. In no event shall SPYGADGETS be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages arising from the use or the performance of this Website or these Terms of Service, even if SPYGADGETS or such provider has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Where exclusion or limitation of liability is limited by law, SPYGADGETS liability is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.
As a visitor to our Website, you acknowledge and agree that any reliance on or use by you of any information available on this Website shall be entirely at your own risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your or any other person’s computer system or loss of data that results.
Each party acknowledges that the other party has entered into these Terms of Service relying on the limitations of liability stated herein and that those limitations are an essential basis of the bargain between the parties. In addition, and without limiting the foregoing, SPYGADGETS shall not have any liability for failure or delay resulting from any condition beyond the reasonable control of such party, including but not limited to governmental action or acts of terrorism, earthquake, fire, flood or other acts of Nature or Natural Disaster, labor conditions, power failures and Internet disturbances.
9. INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless SPYGADGETS from any claims, losses, liability, expenses or demands, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by a third party due to or arising out of (i) your use of the Website, (ii) your noncompliance with these Terms of Service, (iii) any dispute or litigation caused by your actions or omissions, or (iv) your negligence or violation of law or rights of a third party.
10. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
You acknowledge that this Website and various elements thereof are protected by copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents or other proprietary rights, and these worldwide rights are valid and protected in all forms, media, and technologies existing now and hereinafter developed. You also acknowledge that the Website name, the logos, and other identifying marks are and shall remain the trademarks, service marks and trade names of and exclusive property of SPYGADGETS, its partners or affiliates, and any unauthorized use of these marks is unlawful. Other company, product and service names and logos on this Website may be trademarks or service marks of their respective owners who may or may not endorse or be affiliated with us. All content on this Website, including without limitation all programs, compiled binaries, interface layout, interface text, documentation and graphics, is each individually and collectively the copyrighted property of SPYGADGETS and is protected by international copyright law.
You agree to comply with international intellectual property laws and not to encumber any interest in, or assert any rights to, the content of this Website. The content on this Website may be used by you only for your personal or commercial use as part of your ongoing commercial or professional relationship with SPYGADGETS as provided in these Terms of Service or with our prior written permission, but may not be taken out of context or presented in a misleading or discriminatory manner. Any rights not expressly granted to you are reserved by us.
11. USER LOGIN AND PASSWORD
You will be required to create an online account to use the Website to place orders and make payments. You are responsible for keeping your username and password for the Website confidential. You will be responsible for any order or payment transactions made through the Website with your username and password. You should notify us immediately if you believe your username and password has been compromised or used in an unauthorized manner.
12. ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
You agree that we may communicate with you electronically, including by sending electronic mail to the email address you registered with the Website, or by posting a notice or communicating with you through the Website, regarding (i) this Terms of Service; (ii) payment transactions made through the Website; (iii) initial, periodic or other disclosures, receipts or notices provided in connection with a payment made through the Website, including those required by federal or state law; (iv) customer service matters; or (v) any other communications related to the Website or your use of SPYGADGETS services.
13. TERMINATION
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify, disable access to or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, any part or this entire Website or any services or information contained therein without liability or notice to you. Upon termination, you remain liable for all payment transactions and any other obligations you have incurred.
14. MISCELLANEOUS
Entire Agreement. These Terms of Service constitutes the entire agreement between you and SPYGADGETS and governs your use of the Website, superseding any prior agreements between you and SPYGADGETS. The failure of SPYGADGETS to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
Governing Law and Forum. These Terms of Service, and any controversy, dispute, or claim arising out of or relating to the payment services or Terms of Service, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee, except for Tennessee’s choice of law rules. Each party agrees to submit to personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in Davidson County, Tennessee.
Assignment. You may not assign these Terms of Service or any rights or obligations hereunder, by operation of law or otherwise, without our prior written approval. Any such attempted assignment shall be void. We reserve the right to assign these Terms of Service and the rights and obligations hereunder to any third party without notice to you or your consent. Subject to the foregoing, these Terms of Service shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, their successors and permitted assigns.
No Third Party Beneficiaries. These Terms of Service are not intended and shall not be construed to create any rights or remedies in any parties other than you and SPYGADGETS and SPYGADGETS affiliates which each shall be a third party beneficiary of these Terms of Service. No other person shall assert any rights as a third party beneficiary hereunder.
Survival.  Upon termination of your use of the Website or these Terms of Service, the following sections in addition to this Section shall survive termination: Sections 4, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13.
No Waiver. The failure of SPYGADGETS to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of these Terms of Service is found to be unenforceable or invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary and the Terms of Service shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and remain enforceable between the parties.
© 2020 SpyGadgets All Rights Reserved.
Terms of Conditions
Legal Notice
Sign in
Forgot your password?
OR
Create A New Account