http://www.quantumfishing.com/california-consumer-privacy-act
Find a Retailer
Email Signup
Log In
My Cart
Checkout
Sign up to catch great deals on Zebco Brands, pro fishing tips and more. Plus, get free shipping on your first order of $50 or more!
Home
California Consumer Privacy Act
Disclosures for California Residents
Beginning January 1, 2020, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides California residents with additional rights. These additional disclosures are required by the CCPA.
Categories of Personal Information We Collect
We have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Identifiers: such as your name, IP address, email, and other similar identifiers.
Personal information: such as payment information.
Characteristics about you: such as age and gender.
Commercial information: such as information about products or services considered, obtained or purchased.
Internet or other electronic network activity information: such as your interactions with our website.
Geolocation data: such as IP addresses from which we can determine the general location of your device or computer.
Professional information: such as data you may provide about your business if you are a reseller.
Inference data: such information we collect from or about you which we use to better understand your purchase preferences and behavior, including to customize advertising for you.
Categories of Sources of Personal Information We Collect
The sources from which the categories of personal information listed above were collected are noted in the Collection of Information section of our Privacy Notice and are Information Provided by You, Information Collected Automatically, Information from Connected Products, Information Provided by Third Party.
Purposes of Collecting Personal Information
The purposes from which the categories of personal information listed above were collected are noted in the Use of Information section of our Privacy Notice.
Disclosures of Personal Information
We have disclosed personal information to our affiliates and service providers for business purposes in the prior twelve (12) months. The information we have disclosed for business purposes may include some or all of the categories personal information listed above. Again, these are:
Identifiers
Personal information
Characteristics about you
Commercial information
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Geolocation data
Professional information
Inference data
Sale of Personal Information
None in the prior twelve (12) months.
Rights Under the CCPA
You have the right to know: what categories and specific pieces of CCPA personal information have been collected about you; the categories of sources from which CCPA personal information are collected; our business or commercial purpose for collecting, using, or disclosing CCPA personal information; the categories of third parties with whom we share CCPA personal information; the categories of CCPA personal information we have disclosed about you for a business purpose. We do not sell personal information.
You have a right to receive a copy of the specific CCPA personal information we have collected about you.
You have a right to deletion of your CCPA personal information, subject to exceptions under the CCPA. For example, we may need to retain your CCPA personal information to provide you to complete a transaction or other action that you have requested. If your deletion request is subject to one of these exceptions, we may deny your deletion request.
We will not discriminate against you based on your exercise any of your CCPA rights.
If you would like more information concerning the categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for those parties to use for direct marketing please submit a written request to us using the information below.
To exercise the rights described above, you must send us a request that provides sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we have collected CCPA personal information AND describes your request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate and respond to it. We may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria. We will only use CCPA personal data provided in an exercise of the rights described above to verify your identity and complete your request. We will work to respond within 45 days of receipt.
You may make a request by calling us at 800-588-9030 or sending a request to zebcoprivacy@zebco.com.
Sign Up
Newsletter
Sign up to catch great deals on Quantum, pro fishing tips and more.
Read our Privacy Policy
Subscribe
Help
Support
FAQs
Contact Us
Tips & Maintenance
Troubleshooting
Find a Service Center
Find a Retailer
IP/Patents
Orders
Track Order
Product Registration
Shipping Policy
Returns & Exchanges
Warranty Information
About
About Quantum
About Quantum
Submit an Idea
Quantum News
Careers
Donations
Contact Us
1.800.588.9030
SEND AN EMAIL > Connect With Us:
Quantum Facebook
Quantum Twitter
Quantum YouTube
Quantum Instagram
Sign Up
Sign up to catch great deals on Quantum, pro fishing tips and more.
Read our Privacy Policy
Subscribe
Proud Partners With:
Take me fishing
En Español
Keep America fishing
Other Zebco Brands
Zebco
Quantum
Badlands
Privacy Notice
Terms of Use
CA Supply Chain Act
Accessibility
CCPA
Sitemap
© 2020 W.C. Bradley/Zebco Holdings, Inc.