https://www.onlineinsight.com/privacy-statement/
Who We Serve
Individual
Group
Medicare
State Marketplace
Our Solutions
Eligibility
Enrollment
Billing
Commissions
Business Intelligence
Additional Products
Consulting Services
Schedule a Call
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy
Online Insight (“OI”) recognizes the importance of protecting the personal privacy of its customers, potential customers and website visitors.  This internet privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes the information that may be collected through our websites, the choices you can make about our use of your personal information and how we protect your personal information.
Scope and Terms Used
This Privacy Policy applies only to websites operated by or on behalf of OI, and only to those websites which provide a direct link to this Privacy Policy (the “Sites”). Unless otherwise indicated, all references to OI, “we” or “our” in this Privacy Policy shall mean OI. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any offline data collection or practices.
Some of the Sites may contain links to the websites of third parties. OI is not responsible and has no liability for the privacy policies or practices of those websites. We recommend that you review the privacy policies of each website you visit.
The Sites are designed for consumers located exclusively in the United States of America. If you are located outside the United States, please contact us to find the website for users in your location, but please do not use the Sites, as the Sites’ personal information practices and the terms of this Privacy Policy may or may not comply with foreign law.
As used in this Privacy Policy, “personal information” means information that may be used to identify a specific individual, or that is about an identifiable individual, such as name, e-mail address, phone number, social security number or credit card number. It may also include personal health information. “Aggregate information” refers to combined demographic information which has been derived from personal information, but which cannot be used to identify any individual or that is not about an identifiable individual.
Information We Collect and How We Use It
You can visit the Sites and learn about our insurance products and programs without providing personal information. However, to participate in our programs, such as by applying to purchase insurance, you will need to provide personal information. OI does not collect any personal information on the Sites unless you provide it voluntarily. However, as noted below, we may cause the installation on your computer or mobile device of computer code known as “cookies”.
In addition to our General Uses listed below, we use the personal information you provide only for purposes consistent with the reason you provide it, usually to apply to purchase insurance. In this regard, we maintain databases reflecting consumer preferences and attributes, which we share with insurers and other selected parties in order to assist them in designing product offerings which are responsive to the marketplace. Presently, we maintain information in these databases for a minimum of two years.
Information Requests:
We may ask you to provide personal information in order to allow us to respond to your requests for information or other requests made over the Sites.
Purchases of Products and Services: Where the Sites allow you to purchase services online, we collect your credit card or other payment information in addition to your name, address and other identifying information.
Non-personal Information:  We collect non-personal information such as your Internet browser type, operating system, and the IP address of the website from which you are linked to the Sites. We use this information to help us tailor our Sites in a manner to better match your computer settings, interests and preferences.
General Uses:  We will use your personal information as specifically described in the Site to which you submit it, in accordance with this Policy and any published legal terms for such Site. We may also use your personal information internally to customize your experience with our company and our Sites, to communicate with you about our products or services, to help us develop new products and services, to verify your identity, to collect debts owed to us, or to investigate or settle inquiries or disputes, and for other legally required or permissible purposes.
What Are Cookies and How Does OI Use Them?
Cookies are small text files stored by your browser that allow us to learn more information about your visit or use of the Sites. We may use cookies and similar devices to remember your personal information, including your registration information, and to deliver personalized and relevant information specific to your needs. We may also use cookies to track patterns on the Sites to help us improve visitor or customer experience. Information derived from cookies may be transferred to health insurers and/or other third parties.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies. To learn more about cookies, including how to refuse cookies on your computer, click here:
http://www.microsoft.com/info/cookies.htm
Your Choices In How We Use Your Personal Information
While OI may contact you with offers and information concerning services, you always have the choice not to receive such items (other than e-mails confirming registration and order submission and follow up reminders). You may contact us at compliance@onlineinsight.com to communicate your preferences, or you may write to us at the address provided below under “Contact Us.” You may also request that your personal information not be shared with third parties as part of related marketing although you should be aware that these third parties may also collect personal data directly from you) and that processing of your insurance order will require such sharing.
In addition, the Sites allow you to communicate your marketing preferences as follows (or as otherwise specifically indicated on the Sites):
At the time of registering as a Site user, you may be given a choice whether to receive e-mails from OI or one or more third parties with whom we have contractual relationships. Each such e-mail you receive from us will provide you a specific opt-out mechanism to allow you to unsubscribe from receipt of these e-mails.By accessing your profile as directed on the Site, you may also update your personal information in our database or change your preferences.
You may contact us at compliance@onlineinsight.com with any questions or concerns you may have about our privacy practices, including requests to update or correct your personal information. Even if you choose not to receive promotional e-mails or mailings from us, we may continue to use your personal information in order to contact you in connection with transactional purposes.
Our Sharing of Your Information
Except in connection with order processing and maintenance of the database noted above, OI does not sell or rent your personal information collected on the Sites to third parties for those parties’ promotional purposes. In addition, OI may share your personal information submitted at the Sites with other members of our affiliated group of companies or companies with whom we have a contractual relationship, who may use that information for promotional or other purposes. If you wish to opt out of any of the data sharing practices described in this paragraph, please contact _____ or write to us as shown below under “Contact Us.”
Other than as described herein, OI will not share your personal information collected on the Sites with third parties without your permission, except as necessary or appropriate to (i) process or fulfill your order, (ii) respond to your requests or answer your inquiries, (iii) comply with any applicable law, court order or other judicial process, or (v) enforce or apply agreements with you, or protect the rights, property or safety of OI or third parties, or as otherwise required or permitted by law. In addition, in the event of a corporate transaction such as a sale, merger or reorganization involving OI or related companies, personal information may be disclosed or transferred to the acquiring company(ies). OI may collect and share aggregate website statistical information (such as sales, traffic patterns or related information) with third parties. No such shared statistics will contain any personally identifying user information.
OI may occasionally hire contractors to provide certain services on its behalf, including information processing and storage or the management of surveys.  These contractors are required to maintain the confidentiality of information they receive from OI and are restricted from using the information for any purposes other than those authorized by OI.
How We Protect Your Information
When you submit sensitive information via our Sites, such as credit card information or social security number information, that information is subject to secure sockets layer (SSL) or similar encryption technology.  However, no data transmission over the Internet or storage on servers or elsewhere can be guaranteed as 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information during transmission, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or receive from us.
Children’s Privacy
Our Sites are not intended for use by children under 18. We ask that children under the age of 18 do not use our Sites and do not submit any personal information to us.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or your personal information, you may contact us at 770-508-1440, by sending an e-mail to compliance@onlineinsight.com, or by mail to Online Insight, 33 Mansell Court Roswell, GA 30076.
Your Acceptance of Our Privacy Policy
By using our Sites, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy, and you agree to adhere to the terms and conditions posted on the Sites under “Legal notice.” If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not submit any personal information to us through our Sites.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
OI reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so you should review it frequently. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post such changes here and/or on our Sites.
Last Updated: April 17, 2019
Looking for even more information?
SCHEDULE A CALL
ABOUT
Our Story
Our Technology
Our Team
Careers
Clients
Partners
News
WHO WE SERVE
Individual
Group
Medicare
State Marketplace
OUR SOLUTIONS
Eligibility
Enrollment
Billing
Commissions
Business Intelligence
Additional Products
Consulting Services
Privacy Policy
All Rights Reserved | Online Insight
© 2020
Share by: