https://www.lundsfish.com/wpautoterms/privacy-policy/
Facebook
Twitter
Google
0 Items
609.884.7600
info@lundsfish.com
Home
Products
Sea Legend
Scallops
Squid
Product Integrity
Recipes
Company Information
About Lund’s
Lund’s Facility
Lund’s Leadership
Lund’s Team
Fishing Vessels
Sustainability
Lund’s Standards
Federal Fishery Management
State Fishery Management
Blog
Media
Latest News
Contact
Privacy Policy
by wpadmin | Oct 16, 2019 | Uncategorized
Last updated: October 16, 2019
Lund's Fisheries (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the Lund's Fisheries website (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible at https://www.lundsfish.com
Information Collection And Use
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) may include, but is not limited to:
Name
Email address
Telephone number
Address
Log Data
We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
We use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we discover that a child under 18 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our servers immediately.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Facebook feed
2 years ago
Timeline Photos
Our goal has always been to provide high-quality seafood that is sustainably caught, safely processed and ready for the table! High quality is the only way we know how to do business!
http://bit.ly/2Kpfuh7 #lundfish #highquality #seafood
...
See more
View on facebook
2 years ago
Timeline Photos
Since 1954, Lund’s Fisheries brands have been an icon of high-quality wild-caught seafood! Our product integrity is everything to us! Lund’s, for quality seafood! http://bit.ly/2Kpfuh7 #lundsfish
#highquality #wildcaught #seafood #product
...
See more
View on facebook
2 years ago
Timeline Photos
Calamari from Lund’s Fisheries comes in any option that you could need. Whole squid to clean tubes, rings and tentacles. You can choose the selection that best fits your needs!
http://bit.ly/2HycQ32 #lundsfish #squid #cleantubes #rings #tentacles
...
See more
View on facebook
2 years ago
Timeline Photos
Choose from frozen cleaned or whole frozen squid from Lund’s Fisheries to enjoy the great taste of squid! We have the best options for calamari! http://bit.ly/2HycQ32 #lundfish #frozensquid
#greattaste
...
See more
View on facebook
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for more information. Cookie settingsACCEPT No Thank YouPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Terms and Conditions - Privacy Policy