http://www.metabolix.com/privacy
Skip to main content
HomePrivacy Terms of Yield10 Bioscience website Privacy Terms of Yield10 Bioscience website
Terms and Conditions of Website UsePlease read the following terms and conditions of use carefully. Your use of this website is subject to, and constitutes acceptance of, the conditions included in this notice.General. This website is provided by Yield10 Bioscience, Inc. ("Yield10") for the convenience of visitors to the website. Nothing on this website should be construed as an offer to form a binding contract, or as granting any license or transfer of copyright, trademark, patent or other intellectual property. Your use of this site is at your own risk.Dated Information. The information presented at this website is or was current as of the "Last Revised" date shown on each page. Yield10 makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy of any information at this website and expressly disclaims any obligation to update such information.Forward-Looking Statements. This website contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements relate to our future plans, objectives, expectations and intentions and may be identified by words such as "may," "will," "should," "expects," "plans," "anticipates," "intends," "believes," or similar words.Although we believe that our expectations are based on reasonable assumptions within the bounds of our knowledge of our business and operations, the forward-looking statements contained in this website are neither promises nor guarantees. Our business is subject to significant risk and uncertainties, and there can be no assurance that our actual results will not differ materially from our expectations. Factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations set forth in our forward-looking statements include the risks listed in our reports filed with the SEC and available through this website. We disclaim any obligation to update the information contained on this website as new data becomes available. Copyright. This website, and the information which it contains, is the property of Yield10. You may download and use content from this site (e.g., text, photos and information conveyed therein) for personal, non-commercial use only. You may not, however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, repost or use any of such materials for public or commercial purposes without Yield10's express written permission. All copyright and other proprietary notices contained in downloaded materials must be retained.Furthermore, your use of this site indicates that you accept the following terms: • You will not modify the documents or graphics;• You will not copy or distribute graphics separate from their accompanying text; and• You will not quote materials out of their context. Privacy. Yield10 respects the privacy of visitors to our website. You may visit our website without telling us anything about yourself. We do not collect or maintain personally identifiable information for resale purposes. However, any communication or material that you transmit to or through this site by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions or the like, is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and nonproprietary information. Yield10 may use such communication or material, including any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in any communication, for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publications, broadcast and further posting. No Warranties. Your use of this website and any linked websites is at your own risk. Neither Yield10 nor any other party involved in creating, producing or delivering this website shall be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental or consequential damages arising out of your access to, or use of, this website or any linked website. This includes damage due to viruses or other harmful or malicious code that may infect your computer equipment. Without limiting the foregoing, EVERYTHING AT THIS WEBSITE IS PROVIDED TO YOU "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties; therefore the above exclusion may not apply to you. Third Party Links. This website may contain links to websites maintained by other organizations. Yield10 is providing these links to you only as a convenience. The inclusion of any link does not imply that Yield10 endorses any third-party website or third-party company or product. Yield10 does not have any control over the content of such third-party websites and assumes no responsibility whatsoever for the functionality of such websites or for the accuracy of any information presented at such other websites.Anyone linking to this site must comply with the guidelines provided below and with all applicable laws. A site that links to Yield10's site: • May be made to the home page only, without deleting any frames, or our URL address.• May link to, but not replicate, Yield10 content;• May not create a browser or border environment around Yield10 content;• May not imply that Yield10 is endorsing it or its products;• May not misrepresent its relationship with Yield10;• May not present false information about Yield10 products or services;• May not use the Yield10 logo without permission from Yield10; and• May not contain content that could be construed as distasteful, offensive or controversial Applicable Law. This website can be accessed from every U.S. state, as well as from other countries around the world. Each of those places has laws that may differ from those of Massachusetts, where Yield10 is located. By accessing this website you and Yield10 agree that the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without regard to its conflicts of laws principles, will apply to all disputes based on, arising out of, or relating to your use of this website or any information it contains. With respect to such disputes, you and Yield10 also agree and hereby submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of any court located in Boston, Massachusetts. Changes to this Notice. Yield10 may revise these terms at any time without prior notice. You are bound by any such revisions and should, therefore, visit this page each time you access this website to review the then-current conditions applicable to your use of this website. Last revised 11/23/16. Copyright © 2016 Yield10 Bioscience, Inc. All rights reserved.  Contact UsContact usCall 1-617-583-1700Investor Relations