http://www.ctbi.com/ctbi/privacy
Documents in Portable Document Format (PDF) require Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0 or higher to view, download Adobe® Acrobat Reader.
Skip to main content
Toggle Navigation
Site Search
Search (mobile)
Submit Search
Menu
Personal Banking
Personal Checking
Savings & Money Market
CDs and IRAs
Card Services
24 Hour Convenience Line
Online Services
Mobile Banking
Consumer Loans
Mortgages
Home Equity
Ready Pay
Business Banking
Business Checking
Business Savings & Money Market
Business CDs
Business Card Services
24 Hour Convenience Line
Business Online Services
Business Mobile Banking
Business Loans
Corporate Services
Merchant Services
About Us
About Community Trust Bank
Investor Relations
Community Trust News
Community Contacts
Branch Location Listing
ATM Location Listing
Hours & Locations Map
Bank Holidays
Media Gallery
Employment Opportunities
Contact Us
Resources
COVID-19 Update
Promotions
Personal Check Orders
Business Check Orders
Credit Reports
Financial Calculators
Notices and Disclosures
Wealth & Trust Management
Financial Services
Home >
Community Trust Bank Privacy Policy
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal laws give consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal laws also require us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information.
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. Please download and view the document below that lists the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons Community Trust Bank chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Privacy Disclosure & Personal Information Opt-Out Instructions
Facts
WHAT DOES COMMUNITY TRUST BANK DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal laws give consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal laws also require us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depends on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and income
Account balance and payment history
Credit history and credit scores
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons Community Trust Bank chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Community Trust Bank share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes – Such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes - to offer our products and services to you
Yes
Yes
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
Yes
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your credit worthiness
No
We don't share
For our affiliates to market to you
Yes
Yes
For non-affiliates to market to you
No
We don't share
To limit our sharing
Call 800-282-7762
If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Call 800-282-7762
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
Community Trust Bank, Inc.
What we do
How does Community Trust Bank protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does Community Trust Bank collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
Open an account or make deposits or withdrawals from your account
Apply for a loan or give us your income information
Provide employment information
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
Sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness.
Affiliates from using your information to market to you
Sharing for non-affiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choice will apply to everyone on your account unless you inform us otherwise.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
Community Trust and Investment Company -Investment Company
Banker’s Title of Central Kentucky, LLC - Title Insurance Company
Non-Affiliate
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
Community Trust Bank, Inc. does not share your personal information with non-affiliates for marketing purposes.
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include companies that market products jointly for Community Trust Bank and the providers, such as credit card companies.
Other Important Information
For California, Minnesota and New Mexico Residents: We will not share information we collect about you with nonaffiliated third parties, except as permitted by your resident state law, such as to process our transactions or to maintain your account.
For Vermont Residents: We will not share information we collect about you with nonaffiliated third parties, except as permitted by Vermont law, such as to process your transactions or to maintain your account. In addition, we will not share information about your creditworthiness with our affiliates except with your authorization.
Please Note: For residents of the above states, depending on where you live, you may have additional privacy protections under state law. We will comply with applicable state laws before sharing nonpublic personal information about you. We may do this by sending a separate notice of those rights to you.
DOWNLOAD PDF
This page links to PDF files. Use this link to download Adobe Reader if needed.
Select one
Log in to Online Services
Personal Internet Banking
Business Internet Banking
Participant Retirement Website
Brokerage Accounts
Wealth & Trust
Go
Go
GO
CTB California Privacy Statement