https://www.latexco.com/us/privacy-policy/
1. Definitions
In this Privacy Statement the following terms are defined as follows:
1.1 LATEXCO
the legal entity Latexco United States Latexco LLC
Contact details:
address: 975 Gerrard Road, 30553 Lavonia, Georgia
e-mail :info@latexco.us
fax : +1 706 356 8444
telephone :+1 706 356 8001
the legal entity
Latexco LLC
Sleepcomp West LLC
Innergetic LLC
1.2. Website
The websites of LATEXCO, www.latexco.com and derivative websites developed and administered by LATEXCO (including without limitation: www.latexco.com/us
1.3. Privacy Statement
This data protection declaration
1.4. Personal Data
Any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person and to which LATEXCO refers in the Privacy Statement.
1.5. Users
Customers, contacts or representatives of (business) customers, suppliers or business partners and other users from who LATEXCO processes Personal Data and who is subject of this Privacy Statement.
2. General – Responsible
2.1. LATEXCO gives high priority to the protection of your Personal Data. In this context, LATEXCO sets out a number of sustainable principles and takes appropriate measures to prevent abuse, loss, unauthorized access, unwanted disclosure and unauthorized changes. LATEXCO will therefore comply with all applicable legislation on data protection and regulation and will always cooperate with the competent authorities. The principles and measures that LATEXCO applies are included in this data protection declaration (“Privacy Statement”).
2.2. This Privacy Statement provides you with detailed information on the protection of your Personal Data by LATEXCO.
LATEXCO is responsible for collecting and processing the Personal Data you share with LATEXCO in connection with LATEXCO’s activities.
2.3. The purpose of this Privacy Statement is to inform you about which Personal Data LATEXCO may process about you as User, why these Personal Data are used, how they are shared, how long they are kept, what your rights are and how you can assert these rights.
3. Data Processing
3.1. General information
a. This Privacy Statement applies to Personal Data Users collected by LATEXCO in the United States of America in connection with the products and services it offers. This includes Personal Data collected (i) online via the contact page on the Website, e-mails, newsletter registration form, marketing campaigns, surveys and advertising cookies on the Website, and (ii) collected offline via customer service, and sales representatives, events, letters, telephone conversations.
b. This Privacy Statement also applies to offers and advertisements of LATEXCO products or services that LATEXCO or a third party may display on behalf of LATEXCO on third party websites, platforms and applications based on your user information from these websites. These third-party websites, platforms and applications also have their own data protection declarations and general terms and conditions. It is recommended that you consult these third-party websites prior to visiting them.
3.2. What Personal Data can be processed by LATEXCO?
LATEXCO may process the following Personal Data.
a. General
LATEXCO can collect and process all information and data of any kind, both online and offline (as set out in Art. 3.1.a.), provided by Users, to the extent useful, including (without limitation):
(i) first and last names, (ii) gender, (iii) date of birth/age, (iv) place of birth, (v) address details, (vi) telephone number, (vii) e-mail address, (viii) other personal data that you actively provide in correspondence and by telephone, (ix) your interests in marketing and communication that allow LATEXCO to provide you with targeted information about our services and about developments and novelties, (x) location data, (xi) IP address, (xii) information about your activities on our website, (xiii) data about your surfing behaviour across various websites, (xiii) payment details, (xv) geo-location data.
Apart from the Personal Data described in the following sections, no other Personal Data will be processed or used for the use of the Website.
However, the aforementioned personal data may be processed without your consent if this is required by LATEXCO in order to comply with the applicable laws and regulations.
LATEXCO does not ask for specific sensitive Personal Data relating to the Users racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade-union membership, genetic data or data about your sexual orientation, unless this is required by law.
The data that LATEXCO uses about you to check and or supplement its files are either (i) provided by you directly, or (ii) derived from certain (public) sources, including databases of official authorities, credit reference agencies and other databases that are made publicly available by third parties.
b. Storage of access data, creation of log files
Whenever a user accesses a page on the Website of LATEXCO, and whenever a file is accessed, access data about this procedure is recorded in a log file and saved. The recorded information is standard logging. Each data record consists of the following:
Date/time of request;
Page from which the file was requested;
Pages retrieved via the Website by the user’s system;
Transmitted volume of data;
Description of operating system and web browser used, user’s IP address;
This data is used to deliver the content of the Website, ensure the functionality of our information technology systems, and to optimize the online presence of LATEXCO. The data may be used in an anonymized form for statistical purposes (see below), as well as for the purposes of data security, especially for error analysis and preventing hacking attempts. Access rate will not be used for the creation of individual user profiles, nor be passed onto third parties, and will be erased after 90 days at the latest.
c.Use of IP addresses
Each time the homepage of the Website is accessed, LATEXCO uses the user’s IP address to determine the country from where the access is made. This data is not used further, with the exception of the storage of access data, and creation of log files described under art. 3.2.a.
d. Contact form
If there is an option for entering personal or business information on the Website, the information is always entered voluntarily. Information required to perform the desired operation is designated with an asterisk ‘*’. If you provide LATEXCO with personal or business information via the contact forms, LATEXCO will only use it for the respective intended purpose. Data transfers are encrypted using SSL or TLS technology in order to prevent the unauthorized access of your personal data by third parties.
e. Newsletter
You have the opportunity of subscribing to the newsletter of LATEXCO. To do so, you are required to enter your email address to which LATEXCO will send the newsletter. If you enter this into the input screen, LATEXCO will record your (company) name in order to address the newsletter personally to you. By entering your email address you agree that LATEXCO may use your data for the purpose of sending the newsletters. Your email address and name will not be used for any other purpose; in particular it will not be sent to any third parties.
You can cancel your newsletter subscription and the consent you issued at any time; this will then take effect for the future. If you wish to cancel your newsletter subscription, please use the relevant button in the newsletter sent to you. Your email address will then be promptly erased from the system of LATEXCO.
f. Order portal
If you would like to place an order, the conclusion of the contract requires you to provide your personal data that LATEXCO need in order to execute your order or project. An “*” indicates the mandatory information required to execute contracts; other data is voluntary. To place an order or to start a project with LATEXCO, you are required to enter your company-specific information. LATEXCO will process the data provided by you, in order to execute your order. To this end, LATEXCO may forward your payment data to our house bank.
LATEXCO may also process the data you provide, in order to inform you about other interest products in our portfolio, or to send your emails containing technical information.
Commercial and tax law stipulations oblige us to store your address, payment and order details for a period of ten years. However, we will implement a limitation on processing after three years, meaning that your data will only be used in order to fulfill the statutory obligations.
g. Job offers
LATEXCO provides the possibility to apply online via the Website for vacancies or to apply spontaneously.
If you wish to apply, you must provide various Personal Data via the e-mail mentioned in the vacancy on the Website.
This data will be processed with your permission. If you do not wish to transfer Personal Data to LATEXCO, do not send an e-mail to the e-mail address provided on the Website.
When you apply for a vacancy or spontaneously apply for one, LATEXCO collects, uses and stores your Personal Data for the purpose of the recruitment process.
No sensitive Personal Data will be processed in this respect, unless this is strictly necessary and required by law or if you choose to share such information with LATEXCO.
In the case of a recruitment, LATEXCO retains your Personal Data for as long as you work at LATEXCO and is necessary for the fulfillment of the legal obligations.
In the absence of recruitment, LATEXCO only retains your data for as long as necessary for the purpose for which they were originally collected or if you have given LATEXCO permission to retain the data (e.g. for future vacancies) or to forward it to other companies within the LATEXCO group. In the absence of consent, your Personal Data will be deleted within a period of twelve months after the end of the recruitment process.
As an applicant, you have the right, among other things, to access, correct and/or delete your Personal Data in accordance with Art. 7 of this Privacy Statement.
h. Cookies
Cookies are textual information that is stored on your hard disk via your web browser. If you revisit the website that has passed on the cookie to your browser, you will be recognized here and individually addressed.
Please consult the Cookie Policy of LATEXCO for more information about our use of cookies.
i. Integration of third-party services
(i) The Website currently uses the Social Media services Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn and Youtube.
If you visit the Website and click on the logo of one of the aforementioned Social Media, you will be redirected to the relevant external page of this network service. When you click on one of the buttons, while logged in to one of the services, the information that you have visited the Website of LATEXCO, can be assigned to your user account there. If you are a member of one of the services and do not want the social networks to collect data about you via the online offer and link this to your data as a member, you must log out of Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, and Youtube before clicking on one of the logos.
LATEXCO has no knowledge of the content of the transferred data and its use by the social services. These websites, platforms and applications have their own data protection declarations and general terms and conditions. LATEXCO advises you to consult them before visiting these websites, platforms and applications.
(ii) LATEXCO has integrated Google Maps – a service provided by Google LLC – into the Website. (“Google”), Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, as the third-party provider. When you visit the website, the third-party provider receives the information that you have retrieved the relevant subpages of the Website of LATEXCO. Furthermore, the data described in Art. 3.3.b. of his notice will be transferred. This takes place regardless of whether this third-party provider provides a user account which you have logged into, or if no user account exists. If you are logged into the plug-in provider, this data will be directly correlated with your user account. If you do not wish the plug-in provider to make the correlation with your profile, you need to log out before activating the button.
Google stores this data for user profiles where relevant, and it uses the data for the purposes of advertising, market research and/or for the appropriate design of its website. This kind of analysis is particularly performed (not only for logged-in users) for the purpose of delivering appropriate advertising, and to inform other users of the social network about your activities on the Website. You have a right to object to the formation of these user profiles. You have to contact Google in order to exercise this right.
3.3. Purposes of processing Personal Data
LATEXCO shall Process Personal Data for the following purposes:µ
for the promotion of your interests as a customer;
for the representation of the legitimate interests of LATEXCO;
for proper technical functioning and personalization of the Website;
management of requests for information;
conducting statistical research and analytics;
delivery of LATEXCO services, including without limitation, invoicing, customer relationship management;
the handling of job applications;
inform you of changes to our services and products;
in order to be able to answer to your questions;
sending our mailings, newsletters and (possible) advertising messages. We may process your personal data for promotional or marketing purposes on the grounds of our justified interest. For example, to inform you about a new product that may be of interest to you. Or to be able to respond better to your wishes. Do you no longer want to be contacted for commercial purposes? Then you can indicate this to LATEXCO, you have the right at all times to have your contact details removed from our database.
LATEXCO also processes Personal Data if LATEXCO is legally obliged to do so, such as data that we need for tax matters, compliance with money laundering legislation; customer administration, follow-up of orders/deliveries, invoicing, processing and follow-up of payments, follow-up of solvency, etc;
the collection and storage of personal data by means of cookies (see Cookie policy) is intended to record and use individual preferences, questions and complaints to communicate with the customer and personalize pages for future visits to the website;
4. Transfer of data to third parties
4.1. LATEXCO will not sell your Personal Data to third parties and will only share your Personal Data with third parties if (i) this is necessary for the performance of the activities of LATEXCO, (ii) this is necessary in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, legal obligations, or (iii) this is necessary for the performance of the agreement concluded with you.
4.2. LATEXCO could transfer your Personal Data to processors, these being companies LATEXCO commissions to process data within the legally defined parameters. In this case, LATEXCO will still remain responsible for the protection of your Personal Data (i.e. as LATEXCO is the “controller”). LATEXCO has implemented legal, technical and organizational measures, alongside the performance of regular controls, to ensure that processors comply with the provisions of the data protection laws. We commission contractors in the following areas in particular: IT, sales, legal, marketing, finance, consulting, customer service, HR, logistics, …
LATEXCO will also transfer your Personal Data to its co-operation partners, who deliver services to you under their own responsibility (suppliers, delivery companies). This is the case when you request LATEXCO to deliver services from these partners, or if you consent to the involvement of the partner, or if we engage the partner in a situation in which we are legally permitted to do so, such as the performance of a contract.
4.3. Personal Data is transferred within the LATEXCO Group for internal administrative purposes connected with centralized customer care and order processing. LATEXCO has instituted internal guidelines that obliged its companies to implement the technical/organizational measures for ensuring the security of data processing operations.
4.4. In certain cases, LATEXCO has a legal obligation to provide certain data to public agencies if requested.
4.5. LATEXCO keeps its technical and organizational measures to ensure the security of data processing up to date, in particular to protect your Personal Data from risks during the data transfer. These measures are adapted in accordance with (i) the current state of the art, (ii) the need to protect the relevant Personal Data, and (iii) the risks to your rights and freedoms. In general, your data will be processed in the United States of America. If, in exceptional cases, your data is also processed in countries outside the United States of America (i.e. in “third countries”), this will take place to the extent that you have explicitly agreed or if this is necessary to enable LATEXCO to provide its service to you, or if this is laid down by law. Furthermore, your data will be processed in third countries only insofar as certain measures are in place to ensure that a reasonable level of data protection exists there.
5. Length of the storage
Unless otherwise described in this Privacy Statement, Personal Data will be erased once it has fulfilled its applicable, specified purpose, and there are no retention obligations preventing its erasure. Personal Data is routinely erased following the expiry of the retention period, provided it is not needed for the initiation or fulfillment of a contract, and there is no other existing legal basis for the data processing.
6. Security of data processing
6.1. LATEXCO maintains up-to-date technical and organizational measures for ensuring the security of the data processing operation, especially in order to protect your Personal Data from risks during data transfer and from becoming known to unauthorized third parties. These measures are modified in accordance with the current state-of-the-art, the need for protecting the Personal Data in question, and the risks to your rights and freedoms.
In addition to securing the systems, LATEXCO also wants to ensure that not everyone within LATEXCO has access to your Personal Data. The systems in which User data is stored are therefore only accessible to a select group of employees for whom it is necessary for them to carry out their work that they have access to.
6.2. LATEXCO does not use automated individual decision-making. If LATEXCO uses these procedures in individual cases, she will inform you of this separately, provided this is prescribed by law.
7. Rights of the data subject
7.1. You have the right
a) to demand information concerning the categories of data processed, the purposes of the processing, any recipients of the data, the envisaged storage period;
b) to demand the rectification or augmentation of incorrect or incomplete data;
c) to withdraw consent at any time, effective for the future;
d) to object to the processing of your Personal Data on grounds relating to your particular situation;
e) in certain cases, to demand the erasure of data – especially insofar the Personal Data is no longer necessary for the envisaged purpose or if it is processed unlawfully, or if you withdraw your consent in accordance with (c) above, or if you have stated your objection in accordance with (d) above;
f) under certain conditions, to demand the restriction to the processing of data, insofar as it is not possible to erase it, or the obligation to erase disputed;
g) to data portability, i.e. you are entitled to receive the personal data concerning you, which you provided to us, in a commonly used machine-readable format, such as CSV, and, where relevant, to transmit it to others;
7.2. LATEXCO is committed to responding to your request as quickly as possible, within thirty days at the latest.
However, you should keep in mind that LATEXCO may not be obliged to comply with every request for access, correction, deletion or transfer. This is because of our legal obligations, reasons of general interest (preservation, statistical analysis, scientific or historical research), for the institution, exercise or substantiation of a legal claim or the justified exercise of the right to freedom of expression and/or information.
7.3. In the event of a conflict with regard to the processing of your Personal Data, you can contact LATEXCO by sending an e-mail to:Info@latexco.us
You also have the option of submitting a complaint to the national supervisory authority.
7.4. Questions and suggestions on the subject of data protection are always welcome. If you have any questions about data protection, please contact LATEXCO at the address given in Art. 1 of this Privacy Statement.
8. Amendment of the privacy statement
LATEXCO reserves the right to amend this Privacy Statement in accordance with relevant changes to the law or the services LATEXCO offers. Older versions shall remain accessible.
Date June 16, 2019
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy