https://www.bizzykidz.com/bizzykidz-privacy-policy-statement
Login
Client login
Model Login
Subscription Login
Join Bizzykidz
Join Bizzykidz
Join Bizzykidz Family
Join Bizzykidz Siblings
General Info
About Model Work
About TV work
About Us
Bizzykidz Booking Terms
Bizzykidz Firsts
Bizzykidz Rates
Child Modelling Guide
FAQs
Is My Child Right For This
Performance Guidelines
Privacy Policy
Press
Clients we serve
Testimonials
Contact
Social Media
Mini Model Session
Logout
Bizzykidz privacy policy statement
Bizzykidz is committed to safeguarding your privacy online.
Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of Bizzykidz.
This policy may change from time to time so please check back periodically.
This policy will let you know:
What personal information is collected from you
Do we use cookies?
How your information is used
Who is collecting your information
With whom your information may be shared
The kind of security precautions that are in place to protect the loss or misuse of your information
What else you should know about your online privacy
What personally identifiable information is collected from you.
Bizzykidz collects information in one way only from our web site.
We ask you for some personal information on our enquiry form, which once completed by us is deleted from our records.
Back to Top
What cookies are and how they are used.
We do NOT use cookies on our web site.
Back to Top
How your information is used.
The primary goal of the Bizzykidz enquiry form is to collect enough information from you to assist us in replying in a professional manner. These details are not stored and are deleted once responded to. Registered artist information provided on an application, or profile is for us to collect enough information for you to assist us in securing employment in line with the details and terms of our services and pricing policy.
Back to Top
Who is collecting your information.
When you are asked for personal information on the Bizzykidz enquiry form, you are sharing that information with the Bizzykidz. However, some activities will, by their very nature, result in your personal information being revealed to one of our staff members only for the purpose of supplying the correct information regarding your enquiry.
Back to Top
With whom your information may be shared.
Your information will not be shared with any third party without your written consent, unless it is in relation to your representation as an artist and for the purpose of us, as your agent, securing you work, or replying in a professional manner. We will only discuss a child's details with the legal guardian of that child and if by email we can only respond via the email address listed on the child's profile.
Back to Top
The kind of security precautions that are in place to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of your information.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, Bizzykidz cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. Our password protected area is a separate secure area encrypted.
Back to Top
What else you should know about your online privacy.
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example in ads that you post or through email - that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return.
Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you're online.
Back to Top
Never disclose your Usernames and Passwords to anyone and keep your records in a safe place away from your computer.
Data Protection Policy
We are a GDPR compliant Company and therefore set out to comply with the Data Protection Act 1998. Bizzykidz (London) Ltd are the data controller and hold all personal details of the model/artiste (as well as personal and contact details of the parent/guardian for under 16's) as outlined on our registration form you complete upon acceptance, in order to provide our clients with the necessary information they require when selecting a model/artiste for their assignment. We will share these details where appropriate with our clients, where deemed applicable for the assignment. All model/artiste’s personal and sometimes sensitive information such as appearance details, date of birth, allergies, dietary requirements, skills, talents and more will be shared with clients making bookings in order to ensure bookings are made properly and correctly. Our clients include production companies, freelance production workers, photographers, film/TV/theatre companies and advertising agencies. We must hold personal data on file for a period of 6 years from time of removal, after which time it is deleted permanently. By joining Bizzykidz Agency, you are also signing up to our mailing and text service, which we use to send agency information out relevant to you. We do not share your information with third parties. If you do NOT wish to be registered to this mailing and text service and cease receiving job notifications, please email reception@bizzykidz.com to OPT OUT.
If you have any questions regarding this privacy notice, please request to contact our Data Protection Officer.
The details of Bizzykidz London Ltd’s registration (Reg No. ZA321376) can be accessed on the Information Commissioner’s Office website.