https://www.lynchpin.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Lynchpin Analytics Limited takes your privacy very seriously and we are committed to protecting your personal information.
Our Privacy Notice explains how we collect, use and share personal information in the course of our business activities.
If you have any questions in relation to this Privacy Notice then please contact us by email at info@lynchpin.com.
This Privacy Notice is dated 25th May 2018.
About Us
Established in 2005 and based in London & Edinburgh, Lynchpin is a full-service analytics consultancy.
Your Privacy Rights
You are entitled to exercise any of the following privacy rights:• Right to be informed: You have the right to be informed about the collection and use of your personal data.• Right of access: You have the right to request access to your personal data along with requesting what information we hold, what we use it for, who we share it with and how long we keep it for.• Right to rectification: You can ask us to change or complete any inaccurate or incomplete personal data we hold about you.• Right to erasure: You have the right to request for your personal data to be deleted.• Right to withdraw consent: If you have provided your consent for Lynchpin to use your personal data for sending you marketing emails, you can withdraw or suppress your consent at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in any marketing email which you receive or by contacting us at info@lynchpin.com.• Right to data portability: You have the right to obtain and reuse your personal data and you can request us to provide you or a third party with some of the personal information that we hold. This can be moved, copied or easily transferred in a structured, commonly used, electronic form.• Right to object: You can object to our processing of your personal information.To exercise any of these rights please contact us at info@lynchpin.com.
How We Collect Your Personal Information
The personal information we may collect and use will include information directly provided by you when you complete our Contact Us form via our website or a promotional event.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We use the personal information provided to keep you up to date with any news regarding our services. If at any time you would like us to stop sending you any news or marketing material, you can click the “unsubscribe” link in any marketing email which you receive or by contacting us at info@lynchpin.com.
Our Legal Basis for Using Your Personal Email
We will only use your personal information where we have your consent to provide you with marketing emails.
Sharing Your Personal Information
We will not share your personal information with any third party.
International Data Transfers
We will not share your personal information out with the UK.
How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Information For?
We will never retain your personal information for any longer than is necessary for the purposes it is being used for. We will remove you from our marketing list if you request to do so and we will also remove you if you have not opened any of our marketing communications within a 12-month period.