https://www.lookingglasscyber.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which LookingGlass Cyber Solutions, Inc.™ (“LookingGlass”) collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the https://www.LookingGlasscyber.com website (“Site”).
Collecting Personal identification information
LookingGlass® may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number. Users may refuse to supply personally identification information, although doing so may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Collecting Non-personal identification information
We may collect indirect identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Indirect identification information may include, among other things, the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Use of Cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience For further information, please, click on Cookies Privacy Policy.
Use of Personal Information
LookingGlass may collect and use Users personal information for a number of reasons, including but not limited to the following purposes:
• To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
• To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
• To send periodic emails.
If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
Security of Personal Information
We or our vendors adopt data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Disclosing Personal Information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share Users’ information with these third parties for those limited purposes.  Users’ personal information may also be accessible to LookingGlass subsidiaries or service providers throughout the world including outside the European Economic Area, being specified that, in the event that the recipient country or countries do not ensure a level of data protection equivalent to the one of the European Union, LookingGlass undertakes to take all appropriate safeguards.
Storage period
Users’ personal information will be kept as long as the User’s business relation with us is active.  Beyond that, personal information will be archived for accounting and evidentiary purposes for a period not exceeding the applicable legal prescription periods.
Exercise of Rights
Users have the right to access, modify, limit and delete their personal information and the right to object, subject to legitimate and compelling reasons, to the processing of this data, if necessary after Users have provided a valid identity document.  These rights can be exercised directly by sending a message to LGC-Privacy@lookingglasscyber.com .
If EU residents, Users have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection authority.
Changes to Privacy Policy
LookingGlass has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Privacy Policy Acceptance
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us by visiting our Contact Us page.