https://www.cadilapharma.com/privacy-policy/
Search
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Effective on 16 July, 2020
At Cadila Pharmaceuticals Limited (CPL) and its Group Companies, we take your privacy very seriously and are committed to protect your personal data. This Privacy Policy sets out the way in which we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your personal data when you use our website or other digital platforms.
You are advised to carefully read the Privacy Policy before using this website.
[Please note that our website and other digital platforms may contain links to third party websites / digital platforms, which are provided for your convenience. We are only responsible for the privacy practices and security of our own digital platforms. We recommend that you check the privacy and security policies and procedures of each and every other website / digital platform that you visit.]
Collection and use of personal data
Personal data is information that can be used to identify or contact a single living person (including but not limited to name, address, e-mail address, user name, telephone number, age, date of birth, gender, education qualifications, posts and other content you may submit to our websites or portals).
All personal data that we collect about you will be, where applicable, recorded, used, and protected by us in accordance with applicable data protection legislation and this Privacy Policy. We may supplement the information that you provide with other information that we obtain from our dealings with you or which we receive from other organisations, for example, our sponsors and partners. Please note, if you don’t choose to provide us with the requested personal data, we may be unable to offer you our products or services.
In broad terms, we use your personal data for the following purposes:
To administer and provide products and services you request or have expressed an interest in;
To communicate with you in the event that any products or services you have requested are unavailable or have been updated;
For fraud screening and prevention purposes;
For record keeping purposes;
To carry out market research so that we can improve the products and services we offer;
To track your activity on our digital platforms;
To create an individual profile for you so that we can understand and respect your preferences;
To personalize and improve your experience on our digital platforms;
To personalize and/ tailor any communications that we may send you;
For profiling purposes to enable us to personalize and/or tailor any marketing communications that you may consent to receive from us.
When we provide you with products or services, we may collect and store any personal data that you provide to us. We may, for example, keep a record of your name, address, delivery address, email address and telephone number.
When you interact with our digital platforms, we may also automatically collect the following information about your visit. This is primarily to help us better understand how you use our digital platforms to enable us create better content and more relevant communications:
How you have reached our digital platform and the internet protocol (IP) address you have used;
Your browser type, versions and plug-ins, and your operating system;
Your journey through our digital platform, including which links you click on and any searches you made, how long you stayed on a page, and other page interaction information;
What content you like or share;
Which adverts you saw and responded to;
Which pop up or push messages you might have seen and responded to;
Your subscription status;
Information collected in any forms you complete.
We may also infer your country of location from the IP address you have used to access our digital platforms and we may analyse which marketing activity led to your taking specific action on our digital platforms.
Children
We understand the importance of taking extra precautions to protect the privacy and safety of children using CPL and its Group Companies’ products and services.
The age of consent for children is different based on the law applicability in your region. If you fall under the children category, you must first tell your parent or legal guardian that you wish to register on our digital platforms and get their consent. You must make sure that your parent or legal guardian knows and agrees each time before you:
Email us, or ask us to email anything to you
Send any information to us
Purchase an official membership
Provide Employment
Who do we share your personal information with?
As a global business, CPL and its Group Companies may share your personal data with vendors, service providers and other trusted third parties based outside the country in which you live so that they may process that data on our behalf as necessary, in connection with providing our products and services, fulfilling contractual arrangements and legal or regulatory requirements. CPL and its Group Companies require that its service providers and such other third parties keep your personal data confidential and that they only use the personal data in furtherance of the specific purpose for which it was disclosed.
We may share your personal data with:
Law enforcement or government authorities where they have followed due legal process to request us to disclose the information
Third party service providers, such as data processing
Transferring your personal information
We may transfer your personal data to servers located outside the country in which you live or to Data Centres or affiliates or other trusted third parties based in other countries so that they may process personal data on our behalf. By using CPL and its Group Companies site or otherwise providing CPL and its Group Companies with personal data, you agree to us doing so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy and applicable data protection laws and regulations. CPL and its Group Companies will ensure to a reasonable extent that anyone processing your personal data outside your country of origin is required to implement measures to protect it and is only entitled to process it in accordance with CPL and its Group Companies instructions.
Many countries do not afford the same legal protection to personal data as you might enjoy in your country of origin. While your personal data is in another country, it may be accessed by the courts, law enforcement and national security authorities in that country in accordance with its laws.
Retention of personal information
CPL and its Group Companies makes it easy for you to keep your personal data accurate, complete, and up to date. We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
Cookies
In common with many other website operators, we use standard technology called ‘cookies’ on our website. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive and they are used to record how you navigate this website on each visit.
Safeguarding your personal data
We take all reasonable precautions to keep your personal data secure and require any third parties that handle or process your personal data for us to do the same. Access to your personal data is restricted to prevent unauthorised access, modification or misuse and is only permitted among our employees and agents on a need-to-know basis.
Your privacy rights and who to contact
We provide you with reasonable access to view and review your personal data and request correction and deletion where appropriate. In order to protect your privacy, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to your personal data.
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about how we handle your personal data, then you may contact us at privacy@cadilapharma.co.in
You have the right to tell us if you:
Don’t want to be contacted in the future by us or other CPL and its Group Companies group companies;
Would like a copy of the personal data which we hold about you;
Would like to delete the personal data we hold about you in our records;
Wish to report any misuse of your personal data.
You may correct or update your personal data at any time by emailing us.
To exercise any of the above listed rights you may contact us at privacy@cadilapharma.co.in. To assist us in dealing with your request, please provide your full name, address, date of birth and email address.
Changes to our privacy policy
We may change our Privacy Policy from time to time and post the updated version of the same. We encourage you to visit frequently to stay informed about how we use your personal data.
Handling privacy concerns
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or if you believe that your personal data is not handled in accordance with the applicable law or this policy, you can contact:
Name: – Kamlesh Bhuva
Email Address: – privacy@cadilapharma.co.in
Array
(
)
To give you the best possible experience every time you visit our site, we use cookies to identify and store your preferences on your browser. Continuing to browse our site means that you are "ok" with this. Learn more about our
privacy policy.
Okay