https://www.fireresponse.com.au/privacy-policy/
Skip to contentHome » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy2019-06-18T12:56:30+10:00Privacy PolicyThis following document is maintained by Fire Response Pty Ltd (“us”, “we” and “our”) and governs to the collection and use of personal information that you provide to us or that we collect from or about you (including via access to any system maintained by us or your conduct on any website maintained by us).We are committed to providing you with the best possible customer service experience. We acknowledge the importance of protecting your personal information and adhering to the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (“Act”), which sets out a number of principles (Australian Privacy Principles, “APPs”) concerning the privacy of individuals. By “personal information” we mean information or an opinion about an identified individual, or about an individual reasonably identifiable from the information.By accessing our website or a system or database maintained by us or otherwise transacting with us you agree to and acknowledge the content of this Privacy Policy. This Policy is in addition to any terms and conditions or other agreement applicable to our dealings with you.We reserve the right, at our discretion, to vary, modify or remove portions of the Privacy Policy from time to time. You should review this Policy periodically so that you are updated on any variations. We welcome your feedback and encourage you to contact with us with any comments you may have.Collection of your personal informationThere are many aspects of the site which can be viewed without providing personal information, however, for access to future Fire Response customer support features you are required to submit personally identifiable information. This may include (but not limited to) a unique username and password, or provide sensitive information in the recovery of your lost password.We collect personal information directly from you, such as when you meet with us, provide your information by document, telephone or facsimile, by forwarding us an email, or by submitting personal information by using our website.The kind of personal information we collect includes your name, trading entity, postal and business address, telephone number, email address, a third party contact name and email address and credit card or other payment details where relevant.In some cases personal information may be provided by an entity/person authorised by you to do so, such as your employer or a corporate or business entity with which you are involved either as a principal, member or beneficiary, for the purpose of providing services to or on your behalf. We may also collect your personal information from other publicly available means or through websites (such as Google or social media sites) who disclose to their users that the user’s personal information is provided to businesses such as ours. The privacy of any personal information provided in this manner will be protected in accordance with the Australian Privacy Principles.Where it is reasonable and practical to do so we will only collect personal information about you from you. You have no obligation to provide any information requested by us, however if you choose to withhold personal information from us it may prevent us from being able to provide you with the goods or services that you have requested.Provision of Personal Information about another personYou should only provide us with the personal information of another person if you have that person’s express authority and consent to do so. You should also take reasonable steps to inform them of the existence of and the matters set out in this Privacy Policy. If you provide us with the personal information of another person you promise that you have obtained the authority of that person and notified that person of this Privacy Policy.Sharing of your personal informationWe may occasionally hire other companies to provide services on our behalf, including but not limited to handling customer support enquiries, processing transactions or customer freight shipping. Those companies will be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to deliver the service. Fire Response takes reasonable steps to ensure that these organisations are bound by confidentiality and privacy obligations in relation to the protection of your personal information. By providing your personal information to us you expressly consent to us releasing information to the companies referred to in this paragraph.We will only disclose any sensitive information that we may collect or hold about you for the purposes for which it was collected, or for directly related purposes you would be reasonably expect us to use it for or if you have expressly consented to that disclosure that sensitive information.Use of your personal informationPersonal information is collected in order to conduct our business, to provide and market our services to you, including purposes necessary or incidental to the provision of services to you, or any purposes that you may reasonably expect, for any other purpose authorised by law or required to comply with our legal obligations, or for any other purposes disclosed to or authorised by you. This may include disclosure to organisations that provide us with and support services, and professional advice. The collection will be fair, lawful and not intrusive. The nature of this information will vary according to your relationship with us and the work we are performing.We will only disclose personal information for the purpose it was collected unless you have consented, or you would reasonably expect such use or disclosure, or the use is for direct marketing where we expect the information may be of interest to you. Should you receive such direct marketing material and do not want to receive it in the future, you may elect to opt out by simply sending an email containing the words “I wish to unsubscribe” to: firemail@fireresponse.com.auWe will provide personal information to third parties where we are required to by law, where it is reasonable for us to do as part of providing services to you, where our advisors request it or where you have expressly asked us to do so.We will hold your personal information for as long as is required to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected or as required by law. We will take reasonable steps to destroy or de-identify any personal information about you once the information is no longer required for the purposes for which it was collected or as authorised or required by law.We will never sell or share your personal information.Personal information is held in paper archives, by electronic or computer data base and remotely in cloud-based storage systems.Unless you specify an expiry date when you provide the personal information to us, we will hold the information for a period of time, as determined by us at our discretion.Website collection of personal informationFor each visitor to reach our website, we collect the following non-personally identifiable information, including but not limited to browser type, version and language, operating system, pages viewed while browsing the website, page access times and referring website address. This collected information is used solely by us for the purpose of gauging visitor traffic, trends and delivering personalized content to you while you are at our website. You may opt to disable cookies and applets via your web browser, however this may restrict access to some content and services within our website.Our website may contain links to third parties’ websites, including sites maintained by related entities. Those other websites are not subject to this Privacy Policy and are not governed, managed or controlled by us. You should familiarise yourself and ensure you are comfortable with any particular privacy policies governing the use of those websites prior to such use.From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy policy. If our information practices change at some time in the future, only the data collected on and from the time of the policy change will be subject to our updated practices and new uses.SecurityWe will take reasonable steps to protect the personal information we collect from you from misuse, interference, loss and unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. We use a range of physical and electronic procedures to ensure the privacy of personal information we hold is safeguarded, and we periodically review and update our security measures in light of current technologies. However, the internet by nature is not secure and we cannot guarantee that our data storage measures are completely secure.If an eligible data breach occurs in respect of your personal information, we will notify you and the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner. An eligible data breach occurs when there is unauthorised access to personal information where a reasonable person would conclude that such a breach is likely to cause serious harm to the individual to whom the information relates, and where the privacy entity has not been able to prevent the likely risk of that harm.Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe reserve the right to make amendments to this Privacy Policy at any time to ensure that it is in line with best practice and remains current with any legislative requirements. If you have objections to the Privacy Policy, you should not access or use our website or provide us with any personal information.Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be incorporated into a new version of this Policy stating the date from which it will operate and can be obtained on our website or by telephoning our office. Our commitment to your personal information will be governed by the most recent and up-to-date policy in place.Accessing Your Personal Information and CorrectionsYou have a right to access your personal information, subject to exceptions allowed by law. If you would like to do so, please let us know. You may be required to put your request in writing for security reasons. We reserve the right to charge a fee for searching for, and providing access to, your information on a per request basis. If we refuse to allow you access to your personal information held by us, we will explain the reason for this refusal.We will endeavour to take reasonable steps to keep information about you accurate and up to date. If at any time you discover that information held about you is incorrect, you may contact us to request a correction and we will update that information.ComplaintsShould you have any complaints about our treatment of your personal information please direct this by email to our Privacy Officer on: firemail@fireresponse.com.au. We will treat any complaint about a breach of privacy legislation seriously, and will investigate any breach of which we become aware – including how it occurred and how best to prevent such a breach occurring again.If you believe that we have not adequately addressed your complaint, you may complain to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.AnonymityIn many cases, you will need to provide your real name when interacting with us. You may however – wherever lawful and practicable – use a pseudonym (or simply not identify yourself) when dealing with us. For example, if you have a complaint or concern about our site, or a general question about any of our products, you are welcome to contact us without identifying yourself. In many cases, however, if you do not provide us with this information we may not be able to fully provide you with our goods or services or respond adequately to you. For clarification on when you must identify yourself, please contact our Privacy Officer. You may use a pseudonym – or simply not identify yourself – when making such an enquiry of the Privacy Officer.Transborder data flowsThere may be occasions when personal information is transferred outside of Australia within our global network or to a supplier. Generally this will occur in the provision of services to you and the transfer of this information outside of Australia will have been disclosed to, and authorised by, you as part of the terms of our engagement. When transferring personal information outside Australia, we will comply with the requirements of the Act that relate to transborder data flows. Where the international transfer of personal information outside is to countries whose privacy laws may be considered not to provide the same level of protection as Australia, our commitments to safeguard your privacy will not change and remains subject to existing obligations and this Policy.As part of provision of the services to you we may store your personal information using online or cloud software. The personal information that you provide to us may be transferred to the servers of our software providers as a function of transmission across the internet. By providing your personal information you are consenting to that personal information being transferred to and stored on the servers as set out in this Privacy Policy. However, as the third parties who host our servers do not control, and are not permitted to access or use your personal information (except for the limited purpose of storing the information), we do not “disclose” personal information to those server hosts, whether or not they are located overseas.Notwithstanding the above, for the purpose of transparency we advise that the servers of our software providers are currently located in Sydney, NSW however this location may change without prior notice to you, and may include locations outside of Australia. Your personal information may be routed through, and stored on, those servers. If the location of those servers changes in the future, we will update this Privacy Policy.We will use reasonable endeavours to ensure that our server hosts do not have access to, and use the necessary level of protection to safeguard, your personal information and otherwise comply with the APPs. If you do not want your personal information to be transferred to a server in the location listed in the previous paragraph or to any other international locations, you should not provide us with your personal information or use our services.Contacting usFire Response welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy and/or our treatment of your personal information and would like further information, please contact us by any of the following means during business hours Monday to Friday.Call: (02) 4944 7700E-mail: firemail@fireresponse.com.auPost: Attn: Privacy Policy, Fire Response
PO Box 3100, Blacksmiths NSW 2281
Call us today on 02 4944 7700 for your obligation-free quote! DismissClosed Thursday 24th Decemeber 2020 – Sunday 3rd january 2021
×
Go to Top