http://www.landadmin.com.au/legal-pages/privacy-policy/
Protecting Your Privacy Online
Tenement Administration Services Pty Ltd (TAS) is committed to protecting your privacy. From 21 December 2001, we will be bound by new sections of the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth), which set out a number of principles concerning the protection of your personal information.
How we collect personal information
TAS collects personal information in a number of ways, including:
* directly from you, such as when you enter your personal details on this website (during completion of the contact form), when you provide information by phone or in documents ;
* from third parties such as our related companies, credit reporting agencies or your representatives;
* from publicly available sources of information;
How we use your personal information
Your personal information may be used to:
* provide the services you require as agreed by you;
* administer and manage those services, including charging, billing and collecting debts;
* research and develop our services;
Personal information collected from our websites
The types of personal information we collect from you will depend on how you use our web sites. Such information may include your name, current and previous addresses, telephone / mobile phone number, email address.
Other information
Our websites record other information as well. This information is used to improve the structure and performance of those sites to provide users with an improved service. Whenever a page is requested from our web server, we record the time, date and URL of the request, along with information on the browser software that is being used. The TAS Website uses “cookies”. Cookies are pieces of information that a web site can transfer to an individual’s computer hard drive for record keeping. Cookies can make using our websites easier by storing information about your preferences on a particular website. This will enable you to take full advantage of the services we offer. The use of cookies is an industry standard and you’ll find most major websites use them. Most Internet browsers are pre-set to accept cookies. If you prefer not to receive cookies, you can adjust your Internet browser to disable cookies or to warn you when cookies are being used.
Security of your information
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is stored securely. Transmissions sent to or from our websites are routinely monitored for quality control and systems administration. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. While we strive to protect your personal information from misuse, loss and unauthorised access, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us or receive from our online products or services. These activities are conducted at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security.
What else you should know about privacy
Remember to close your browser when you have finished your user session. This is to ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place like a library or internet cafe. You as an individual are responsible for the security of and access to your own computer.
How to contact us
If you have any questions in relation to privacy, please :
* use the enquiry form on the Contacts page on the landadmin.com.au website to send your questions and comments.