http://www.samtech.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Samtech Ltd is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy is to inform you how your personal information is processed and used by Samtech Ltd.
Samtech Ltd is the ‘data controller’ as defined by the Data Protection Act 1998. Personal information will only be collected and/or processed by Samtech Ltd in accordance with the Act.
In order to operate Samtech Ltd website, we may collect and store personal information you submit to Samtech Ltd via this website. Please read the following privacy policy to understand how Samtech Ltd uses and protects the information that you provide.
By submitting your personal information via the website, you are consenting to Samtech Ltd holding and using it in accordance with this policy. The policy is subject to change and any changes to it in the future will be notified on this page. We recommend that you check the privacy policy each time you visit this site.
In this policy ‘Site’ means Samtech Ltd website at www.samtech.co.uk
Information that we collect from you
Information is gathered from clients via the methods outlined below:
Web forms
You may occasionally be asked to provide personal information to gain access to specific services. By applying such information, the client consents to Samtech Ltd storing the information for the stated purpose. The information is held by Samtech Ltd in accordance with the provisions of the Data Protection Act 1998.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer to help the website analyse how users use the site.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
We are using cookies on our website
This website uses session cookies to improve your browsing experience.
We also use Google Analytics tracking cookies to collect anonymous information about the use of the site.
Click Accept if you consent to the use of tracking cookies. You may also Decline, and continue to visit our website without sending any data to Google Analytics.
You can read more about the use of cookies on our Privacy Policy page.
Decline
Accept