http://www.electrosonic.com/company/privacy-policy/
Home
>
North America Privacy Policy
Privacy StatementEffective Date: May 25, 2018Electrosonic, Inc. (“Electrosonic” or “We”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy statement describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit our website at www.electrosonic.com (our “Website”) (regardless of where you visit it from) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.This statement applies to information we collect through your use of the Website, including when you browse the Website or send us email, chat, or other electronic messages. This statement does not apply to data collected by us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Electrosonic, Electrosonic Ltd., or any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries). This statement likewise does not apply to any information collected by any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on this Website. For further information regarding the data collected by Electrosonic Ltd., please refer to the EMEA Privacy Statement.Please read this privacy statement carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we treat it. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy statement. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not use our Website. This policy may change from time to time (see the section describing Changes to Our Privacy Statement below). Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check periodically for updates. Our Website is not intended for children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.The Information We Collect About YouWe collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including:• Information by which you may be identified or contacted, such as your first and last name, email address, telephone number, postal address or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline;• Technical data, including internet protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this Website; and/or• about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website and usage details.The following section describes how we collect these types of information from and about you, including information that you provide directly to us, or that we collect automatically through your use of the Website.How We Collect Information Information You Provide to UsWe may include information that you provide to use when you do any of the following:• fill in a form to Contact Us• use an interactive chat feature on our Website• Subscribe to our mailing list• Registering to use our Website• post materials to the Website (such material may be accessible to the general public and is disclosed at your own risk)• request services or information or download materials• respond to surveys• carryout transactions through the Website• conduct search queries on the Website• contact us by other electronic meansInformation We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection TechnologiesAs you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:• Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.• Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking). This Website does not monitor for or behave differently if your computer transmits a “do not track” or similar beacon or message.The information we collect automatically is statistical data and may include personal information, or we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve the design and content of our Website and understand what users like to see. This enables us to estimate Website usage patterns and store information about your preferences. The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:• Cookies (or browser cookies). A "cookie" is a small data file that may be saved to and stored on your computer when you visit a website or open an email. Cookies are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. Cookies permit a website to "remember" whether your computer has visited the website before and helps the website create a more personalized experience for you. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.• Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.• Web Beacons. Pages of our the Website and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit Electrosonic, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain Website content and verifying system and server integrity).Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our Website. We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. For information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see the section below describing Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.How We Use Your InformationWe use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you, where it is necessary for our legitimate interests, or where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation. Purposes for which we use your information include:• To present our Website and its contents or interactive features, to you.• To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.• To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.• To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.• To provide you with notices about your account/subscription, including expiration and renewal notices.• To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.• For any other purpose with your consent.Disclosure of Your InformationWe may disclose aggregated or statistical information about Website visitors, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy statement to our subsidiaries and affiliates or to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Electrosonics’ assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding. We may have to share your information with professional advisors (including lawyers, auditors, and insurers) who provide services to Electrosonic. Additionally, we may disclose your information to our third party service providers and business partners who assist with the running of the Website (including hosting providers, software service providers and backup and support services providers). Our third party service providers and business partners are subject to security and confidentiality obligations and are only permitted to process your personal information for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.We may also disclose your personal information to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including responding to government or regulatory requests, to enforce or apply our Legal Notice and other agreements, or if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Electrosonic, our customers, or others.Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your InformationWe strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:• Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this Website may then be inaccessible or not function properly.• Promotional Offers from Electrosonic. If you do not wish to receive marketing emails from Electrosonic, you can opt-out by sending us an email stating your request  HERE. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may use the Unsubscribe feature at the bottom of the email to opt out of future promotional emails.We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) on the NAI’s website.Accessing and Correcting Your InformationYou may send us an email  HERE to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.Changes to Our Privacy StatementIt is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy statement on this page. You can always access the most updated version by clicking on a link to the Privacy Statement on our Website. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will notify you by email or through a notice on the Website home page. The date the privacy statement was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy statement to check for any changes.Contact InformationTo ask questions or comment about this privacy statement and our privacy practices, contact us HERE.
I Accept
By closing this message, you consent to our cookies on this device in accordance with our cookie policy unless you have disabled them.