http://www.cashflow-acceleration.co.uk/main/privacy_policy.html
Home
Business FinancingInvoice Finance
Invoice Discounting
Factoring
Fund Selected Invoices
Business Loans
Construction Sector Funding
Protect Against Bad Debts
Exports - Collection & Funding
Import Funding
Body Shop Funding
Spot Factoring
Retail Sector Funding
Fund Invoices Confidentially
Help Running Your Payroll
CHOCs Customer Handles Own Collections
Collect Invoices Confidentially & Funding
Outsourcing Your Credit Control
Raise Money Against Other Assets
Case StudiesCase Study - Car Body Repairer Funded
Case Study - 42% Cost Saving Via Magazine
Case Study - Bupa De Poel Restrictions
Case Study - Factoring For Care Home Staff Recruitment Agency
Case Study - Car Body Crash Repairs
Case Study - Find Finance For A Permanent Recruitment Agency
Case Study - RPO Funding Commensura Matrix
Case Study - Translation Service
Case Study - Confidential Invoice Discounting
Case Study - Too Small For Factoring Company
Case Study - CID For £15M Turnover Company
Case Study - Small Business Confidential Factoring
Case Study - Dry Cleaning For Hotels & Bed And Breakfasts
Case Study - Factoring For Healthcare Recruitment
Case Study - Factoring To Buy Out A Director
Case Study - Funding Against DePoel
Last 6 Case Studies
Case Study - One Off Cash Flow Fix For Marketing Agency
Case Study - Factoring A Phoenix Of A CVA
Case Study - Prepayment Restrictions Due To HMRC Arrears
Case Study - Factoring A New Start
Case Study - 50% Saving On Costs
Case Study - Spot Factoring Help
Case Study - London Based Web Advertising Company
About UsAwards
Contact Details
Testimonials From Well Known Companies
Our Invoice Finance Team
Glenn Blackman
Sean Morrow
TestimonialsCID Testimonial
Publicist Testimonial
Non Recourse Export Invoice Discounting
Testimonial From A Recruitment Company
Find Out MoreBusiness Growth
Specialist Help For Your Industry Sector
Situations Where We Can Help
Lists Of Business Financing Companies
Changing Providers
Articles
Market Research About Finance
FAQs
Glossary
Research Project Services
News100% Invoice Finance For Life
35% Invoice Finance Cost Savings
3 New Invoice Finance Research Articles
ABFA December 2015 Client Numbers
ABFA Research Briefing
April 2016 FundingVoice
September 2014 FundingVoice
Latest Average Cost Savings
Black Friday Offer
BMF Awards Finalists 2018
BMF Awards Pictures
Business Show 2015
Award Application Submitted
Help For A Business That Previously Failed
Contract Finance
Cost Savings Of 31% On Invoice Finance Achieved
FundingVoice December 2015
Emergency Business Finance Due To Coronavirus
Energy Providers
Everything About Invoice Finance
Factoring Calculator
Factoring Clients Research
Factoring Compared With Overdraft
Factoring Cost Savings Calculator
FundingVoice February 2016
First Capital Factors In Administration
Credit Control Guide Published
Funding Help For Recruiters
FundingVoice August 2015
FundingVoice March 2016
FundingVoice November 2016 Available
FundingVoice Readership Has Grown
FundingVoice Magazine 2nd Edition
1066 Business Awards Finalists 2016
We Are 2020 Finalists For The Best Invoice Finance Broker Award!
BMF Awards Finalists 2016
FundInvoice BMF Awards Finalists 2017
Fundinvoice Are Finalists For Best Invoice Finance Broker 2019
Finalists 1066 Business Awards 2015
FundInvoice BMF Awards Finalists
FundInvoice Research Quoted By ABN AMRO In RealBusiness
FundInvoice 2 Years Old
Finalists Business MoneyFacts 2015
Fund Invoice Website Launched
FundInvoice Ratings & Reviews
Golden Hello Offer
Golden Hello Offer First Quote
Invoice Finance Against Green Deal Invoices
GapCap Guest Blog Post About Cash Flow Problems
How To Overcome Late Payment Excuses
How Businesses Find Invoice Finance
Infographic - How Does Invoice Finance Work?
Innovation Finance Startup Finance
No Personal Guarantees
Invoice Finance Research Report
Invoice Auction
Invoice Discounting Clients Research
Invoice Discounting Survey
Market Research Summaries Available
Market Research Summary 2015
FundingVoice January 2016
July 2015 FundingVoice Magazine
Invoice Finance Advertising
List Of Invoice Finance Companies Published
List Of UK Factoring Companies
FundingVoice March 2015
New Partnership With A Full Service Marketing & Design Agency
Mathematical Factoring News
May 2016 FundingVoice
Minimum Contract Period 7 Days
More Confidential Factoring Options
Mystery Shopper Full Report
Factoring Used To Buy Out A Company Director
Construction Project Finance
New Construction Project Finance Alternatives
Drone Imaging Invoice Finance
Free Information Pack From FundInvoice
Funding Voice Articles Available
Updated Info Pack
New Spot Factoring Case Study
New Start Ups Financing Infographic
Next FundingVoice Magazine
November 2015 FundingVoice
October 2015 FundingVoice
October 2014 Funding Voice
Quick Quote
Reasons Invoice Discounting Clients Switch
Reasons To Move Factoring Companies
Research Summary Presentation
Secure SSL Certificate Added
Secure Trust Bank Commercial Finance
Invoice Finance Companies Research On Squidoo
Startups 100 2014 Entry
Startups 100 2015 Entry
Testimonials From Well Known Companies
Updated Information Pack
Vote In Business MoneyFacts Awards 2015
Sources Of Finance For Startups
Free MagazineFree Subscription
Articles
Back Issues
Editorial Guidelines
Editorial Calendar
BlogCategories
Popular Posts
Recent Posts
Archive
Request A Call Back
Privacy Policy
Call us: 03330 113622
Home
Business Financing
Invoice Finance
Invoice Discounting
Factoring
Fund Selected Invoices
Business Loans
Construction Sector Funding
Protect Against Bad Debts
Exports - Collection & Funding
Import Funding
Body Shop Funding
Spot Factoring
Retail Sector Funding
Fund Invoices Confidentially
Help Running Your Payroll
CHOCs Customer Handles Own Collections
Collect Invoices Confidentially & Funding
Outsourcing Your Credit Control
Raise Money Against Other Assets
Case Studies
About Us
Awards
Contact Details
Testimonials From Well Known Companies
Our Invoice Finance Team
Glenn Blackman
Sean Morrow
Testimonials
Find Out More
Business Growth
Specialist Help For Your Industry Sector
Situations Where We Can Help
Lists Of Business Financing Companies
Changing Providers
Articles
Market Research About Finance
FAQs
Glossary
Research Project Services
News
Free Magazine
Free Subscription
Articles
Back Issues
Editorial Guidelines
Editorial Calendar
Blog
Categories
Popular Posts
Recent Posts
Archive
Privacy Policy
FundInvoice LLP (‘we', ‘us', ‘our') are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the ‘Act'), the data controller is FundInvoice LLP of registered office: 29 Gildredge Road, Eastbourne, East Sussex BN21 4RU. You can contact Glenn Blackman on 03330 113622 regarding data protection issues.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on any of our websites. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our websites, subscribing to our service, posting material or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our websites.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
Contributions you make to discussions on this website.
Details of your visits to the website including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs, search terms and other communication data and the resources that you access.
IP Addresses and Cookies
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
For the same reason, we may obtain information about your usage of our websites by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. They help us to improve our websites and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us:
To estimate our audience size and usage pattern.
To store information about your preferences, and allow us to customise the site according to your individual interests.
To speed up your searches.
To recognise you when you return to the site.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, this may affect the proper functioning of our websites.
Transmission of information
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To respond to any enquiries you make in relation to our services, including obtaining quotations from third-party service providers where you request a quotation.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To provide you with information that you request from us or which we consider may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes, or where we believe you may have a legitimate interest in the information provided.
To ensure that the content from the site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
To notify you about changes to our website.
Disclosure of your information
We may disclose your personal information to third parties as follows:
If you request a quotation for any services, we may disclose your personal information to the appropriate providers of those services.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at anytime by contacting us at info@fundinvoice.co.uk
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please, therefore, check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Access to information
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee, in some cases, to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this website and the revised policy will take effect once posted. Your continued use of this website after the posting will signify your agreement to the new terms.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to info@fundinvoice.co.uk
Share with:
* Please tell us which product you are enquiring about!
* Please include your name!
* Please include this!
* Please include this!
* Please include this!
* Please supply a valid email address
* Please include your phone number!
* Correct word required please!
I have read and accept your: Customer Terms and Conditions.
* Please agree!
Call me back Latest Blog Post
Examples of just a few of our finance partners:
© 2020 FundInvoice
Brighton website design by Peripatus
Site Map
Important Notice: Disclaimer & Legal Information
Privacy Policy
Follow us:
By contacting FundInvoice, or any of our finance partners, you are confirming your acceptance of our standard
Customer Terms and Conditions.
A printed copy will be supplied on request.
All calls may be recorded for training and quality control purposes.
©2020 FundInvoice | Free Independent Factoring & Invoice Discounting Quotation Search Service