http://www.lightingsale.com/content/privacy/info.aspx
Welcome
to LightingSale Login
1-844-237-8474
SALES HOURS:
Monday - Friday: 5:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. PST
Saturday & Sunday: 6:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. PST
SERVICE/RETURNS HOURS:
Monday - Friday: 6:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. PST
Saturday & Sunday: Closed
Contact Us
Need a Quote?
Order Status
Cart (0)
0
HOME > Information > Privacy
Menu
Help Center
Policies
Returns
Replacements
Cancellations
Shipping
Delivery
Low Price Guarantee
Privacy
Sales Tax
My Order
Status
Account
Quote
Cart
About
About Us
Contact
Careers
Become an Affiliate
Shopping
Our Brands
Sale
Privacy and Security
This privacy notice is designed to tell you about the privacy practices for Belami eCommerce and its network of websites regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of information that you may provide via our site(s). This information is intended for use by residents of the United States and Canada.
Information We Collect
Information You Give Us
We collect and store information you provide through our website. For example, we collect information from you when you place an order, create an account, call us with a question, write a review, or use any of our services.
Your name
Your mailing address
Your e-mail address
Your phone number
Demographic and lifestyle information, such as age, personal interests and product preferences
Passive/Anonymous Information
We collect information related to your interactions with our website to create a superior, personalized shopping experience when you are online. This information includes your IP address, browsing behavior while on our website, browser and device characteristics, and referring URLs. This information is collected and stored using a variety of common technologies, including various types of cookies, Flash cookies, web beacons, and tags. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions or functionalities of our sites or most sites on the Internet.
Third Party Sites and Services
This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information, or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any site or web property (including, without limitation, any application) that is available through this Site or to which this Site contains a link. The availability of, or inclusion of a link to, any such site or property on the Site does not imply endorsement of it by us or by our affiliates.
Do We Share the Information We Collect?
We do not sell, rent or trade your personal information to third parties.
Belami eCommerce. is the parent company of LightingSale and its network of sites, and as such, if you provide information to any of the businesses, stores or websites owned or operated by us, this information may be combined or shared among current or future Belami, Inc. entities, including affiliates and subsidiaries and will be governed by each of their privacy policies, as applicable.
We may share your information with third parties to perform services on our behalf such as
Fulfilling orders
Delivering packages
Maintaining our preferred customer program
Sending marketing communications
Conducting research and analysis
Providing chat functions
Sometimes we may be required to share personal information in response to a regulation, court order or subpoena. We may also share information when we believe it's necessary to comply with the law. We may also share information to respond to a government request or when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of Belami eCommerce, our customers, or others; to prevent harm or loss; or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity.
We may also share personal information in the event of a corporate sale, merger, acquisition, dissolution or similar event. You will be notified via e-mail and/or a prominent notice on our applicable website(s) of any change in ownership, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
How We Protect the Information We Collect
When you are shopping online we use reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality of personal information under our control and appropriately limit access to it. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any un-encrypted information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk.
We use a variety of information security measures to protect your online transactions with us. Our websites use encryption technology, such as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), to protect your personal information during data transport. SSL protects information you submit via our websites such as ordering information, including your name, address and credit card number.
You may choose to
Stop receiving marketing or promotional e-mails, direct mail, phone and mobile marketing communications
Update and correct your personal information
Deactivate your account
Request removal of content or personal information posted by you from our website. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your content or personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. Please note: Even if we are able to anonymize or make your content or information no longer visible, this does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of your content or personal information from the Internet as third parties may retain screen shots of our site's web pages (e.g., cache files).
To do any of these, let us know by one of these methods.
Follow the directions in a marketing e-mail or direct mail or mobile communication that you receive from us
Call us with your request and current contact information
Send an e-mail with your request and current contact information to sales@lightingsale.com
Accessing your account here.
Interest-Based Advertising
You can opt out of interest-based advertising from third party providers who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising at www.aboutads.info/choices.
Protecting Children's Privacy
We are committed to protecting children's privacy on the Internet and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
Links to Other Websites
Our websites link to other websites, many of which have their own privacy policies. Be sure to review the privacy policy on the website you're visiting.
Social Media Widgets
Our website includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets or the Share this button. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our website, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Privacy Policy Updates
We may need to update our Privacy Policy as we and our customers grow and evolve. If we make material changes, we will notify you by e-mail (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective, as well as inform you of any choices you may have with respect to these changes.
Privacy Policy Change Notification
Please be aware this privacy policy may change from time to time. Please check this page occasionally for changes.
Your Recently Viewed Items
Sign up for sales, specials, and new arrivals
My Account
Login
Help Center
Order Status
Quote Requests
Returns & Replacements
Help
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Give us a Call!
1-844-237-8474
Shop With Us
Our Brands
On Sale Items
Sales Perks Program
View Your Cart
Company Info
About Us
Contact Us
© 2020 LightingSale. All Rights Reserved.
Compare
Clear All