http://www.cousinssubs.com/privacy-policy
×
Oops, Sorry
Ok
×
Save Favorite
Name Your Favorite
Cancel
Save
Privacy Policy
Last modified 3/1/17
Overview
Cousins Submarines, Inc. ("Cousins Subs" or "we") respects your privacy. We have provided this Privacy Policy to inform you of what information we collect and how we may use it.
This is a website-only privacy policy, and does not apply to the handling of your personal data collected by Cousins Submarines, Inc. Franchise Systems or its affiliates/owner-operators by means other than this website.
Collecting Information
Cousins Subs only obtains personally identifiable information such as your name, email address and payment card or other information when you provide it voluntarily. For example, personal information may be collected from you to:
respond to your comments regarding your local Cousins Subs restaurant, our websites or other areas of Cousins Subs
register you for our email newsletter (Cousins eClub) or as a user of online or mobile products or services we offer, or to register you for promotions or offers conducted through our websites or sweepstakes/campaigns
transmit payment information for online or mobile orders
enter a sweepstakes hosted by Cousins Subs or in coordination with a partner of Cousins Subs
This information will only be used for the purposes which you provide it.
How we use personal information
When you supply Personal Information to Cousins Subs, we will consolidate such Personal Information and use it for the purpose for which it was collected in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you opt in to receive our eClub newsletter, we will also use it to contact you regarding Cousins Subs products or promotions as well as other products and services, which may be requested by or otherwise of interest to you. At any time, however, you may opt out of such future contact by unsubscribing from by following the unsubscribe instructions included in each eClub email.
COokies
We do use limited “cookie” technology. Cookies are used to store bits of information on your computer to remember pages you have visited in the past. Cousins Subs and its third-party web applications do not use cookies to collect or store personally identifiable information.
Cousins Subs may collect aggregated or anonymized data that does not directly identify you. We may automatically collect website use information, such as information about your Internet service provider, your operating system, browser type, domain name, Internet protocol (IP) address, your access times, the website that referred you to us, the Web pages you request, and the date and time of those requests.
We also use Google Analytics which uses cookies to show how visitors have explored and engaged with our site. This helps us improve our website so visitors can find what they're looking for more quickly and easily. Visitors may opt out of Google Analytics at any time.
Links
This website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that Cousins Subs is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.
updates
Cousins Subs reserves the right to update this privacy policy occasionally. We recommend you visit our website periodically to review any changes.
Privacy policy regarding children
Please note that we do not collect any Personal Information from any person under the age of thirteen (13) years of age. In addition, we reserve the right to limit participation in particular programs or promotions to visitors eighteen (18) years of age or elsewhere noted.
Foundation
Franchise
Catering
Nutritional Info
Gift Cards
Nutritional Info
Our Story
Newsroom
Printable Menu
Careers
Guest Survey
Contact Us
Guest Survey
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Cousins Club Sign Up
Join
"Cousins Subs", "We Believe In Better", "Local at Heart", "Better at Heart" and "Better Bread. Better Subs." are registered trademarks of Cousins Submarines, Inc. © Copyright 2020. All Rights Reserved. "Skip The Line" is a registered trademark of Mobo Systems, Inc.