https://www.ribbonselect.com/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
We always respect your privacy.
All of the information collected on this site will be kept strictly confidential. It will not be sold, rented, disclosed, or reused.
All of the information you provide will be held responsibly and will not be used in ways that you have not consented to.
If you have any questions, please e-mail us.
Ribbon Select supports Project Genesius, the Metropolitan Police initiative to counter crime in the printing industry. Equipment will only knowingly be supplied for legitimate applications and data may be shared in confidence with Law Enforcement.
Cookies
This website uses standard cookies and log files which are a necessary in order for the website to work. It is now EU law that all websites operating in the European Union must notify people that they use cookies.
Log files are maintained and analysed of all requests for files on this website’s web servers. Log files do not capture personal information but do capture the user’s IP address, which is automatically recognised by our web servers.
Aggregated analysis of these log files is used to monitor website usage. These analyses may be made to available to our staff and partner agencies to allow them to measure, for example, overall popularity of the site and typical user paths through the site.
Except as stated already, we will make no attempt to identify individual users. You should be aware, however, that access to web pages will generally create log entries in the systems of your ISP or network service provider. These entities may be in a position to identify the client computer equipment used to access a page. Such monitoring would be done by the provider of network services and is beyond our responsibility or control.
We will make no attempt to track or identify individual users, except where there is a reasonable suspicion that unauthorised access to systems is being attempted. In the case of all users, we reserve the right to attempt to identify and track any individual who is reasonably suspected of trying to gain unauthorised access to computer systems or resources operating as part of our web services.
As a condition of use of this site, all users must give permission for Ribbon Select to use its access logs to attempt to track users who are reasonably suspected of gaining, or attempting to gain, unauthorised access.
All log file information collected by Ribbon Select is kept secure and no access to raw log files is given to any third party.
Use of cookies
This website does not store any information that would, on its own, allow us to identify individual users of this service without their permission. Any cookies that may be used by this website are used either solely on a per session basis or to maintain user preferences. Cookies are not shared with any third parties.
Data protection and confidentiality
Some services on this website require us to collect personal information from you. To comply with the Data Protection Act, we have a duty to tell you how we store the information we collect and how it is used.Any information you do submit will be stored securely and will never be passed on or sold to any third party.
Search for:
Home
Ribbons
ID Card Printers
Kiosk printers
ID Cards & Credentials
Printer Accessories
Card Holders & Accessories
Software
News
Assign a menu in Theme Options > Menus
Login
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Reject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.