https://www.northbay-cpa.com/privacy.htm
707-545-2026
North Bay Accounting
Home
Services
Accounting & Bookkeeping Tax Planning & Preparation Estate and Trust Services Wealth Management
New Business Advisor QuickBooks Support IRS Problem Resolution
Industries
Construction Accounting Consumer Services Professional Services
About Us
Contact Us
Ask a Question
We offer a free consultation to local business owners. Please call us or complete our form and we will contact you. Call Us Now. 707-545-2026
>>Ask Now
Send Us Files
Clients click below to send private, encrypted files directly to our accounting office.
>>Send Files
Financial Calculators
We offer over 130 financial calculators to help you find answers to many common financial questions or "what if" scenarios.
>>Learn More
Tax Center
Visit our Tax Center to sign up for tax due date emails, track your refund or use our handy calculators.
>>Learn More
Privacy Policy
Terms And Conditions For Use Of This Site At Snyder & Company, we respect your concerns about privacy. This policy was developed so you may visit and use our site without being concerned about how this information is being used. In a nutshell, we do not and will not sell, rent, nor pass your information onto any third parties. If you have any concerns, please contact us.Privacy Policy Snyder & Company is bound by professional standards and ethics. We strive to ensure that your information is always protected and your right to privacy is honored and respected. We will not collect any personal information about our website visitors unless it is voluntarily submitted, in which case we will act in a responsible manner to protect your personal information. As part of the services that we provide, we do collect nonpublic information from you from the following sources:
Information we receive from you on tax organizers, worksheets and other financial documents;
Information about your transactions with others;
We do not disclose any nonpublic, personal information about our clients or former clients to anyone, except as permitted by law. We give users choice and consent over how their personal information is used, and remove names upon request. If you want to modify or delete any personal information you have provided, simply contact us at 707-545-2026.
Third Party Use We will NOT release your name or any information pertaining to you to other organizations. Your email address will not be released to any third party. We will not share with others any demographic information that you may provide us that can be identified as relating to you personally.Copyrights and Trademarks This site as a whole is copyrighted as a collective work, and individual works appearing on or accessible through this site are likewise subject to copyright protection. You agree to honor the copyrights in this site (including the selection, coordination and arrangement of the contents of this site) and in the works available on or through this site. You may download and maintain single copies of designated materials for your personal use only. In addition, trademarks and tradedress belonging to us or to others appear on or are accessible through this site. The fact that we have permitted you access to this site does not constitute authorization to reproduce our trademarks or tradedress for any other purpose. By submitting any material to us, such as by posting a comment to a discussion group, or by sending to us an email, you are thereby granting to us a non-exclusive license to reproduce, display, distribute, modify and create derivative works from such material and to use such material and the fact of your authorship of it for marketing purposes.Disclaimers and Limitations of Warranties This site is provided as a research and reference tool. Although we make every reasonable effort to ensure that the information, tools, and data provided at this site are useful, accurate, and current, we cannot guarantee that it is error-free. This site and the information available through it do not, and are not intended to constitute legal advice. By using this site, you assume all responsibility for and risk arising from your use of and reliance upon the contents of the site. References and links to products and services belonging to third parties are provided for your convenience and do not represent our endorsement of such products or services. This site and its contents are provided "as is." We disclaim all warranties, express and implied, including the implied warranties of merchantability and of fitness for a particular purpose with respect to any information contained on, accessible through or derived by you from this site.Termination of Site and Site Access We reserve the right to change the contents of this site or to discontinue it at any time, as well as the right to deny access to the site to any person whom we have reasonable grounds to believe may be using the site for an unlawful or unauthorized purpose or in a manner that may harm us.
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Free Consultation
Tax Center
Resources
Privacy
Copyright - 2020 - All rights reserved
Website by Build Your Firm, designers and developers of websites for accountants and cpa firms
Snyder & Company is a North Bay accounting firm that provides a wide variety of accounting, tax and financial management services.
Main Office120 Pleasant Hill Ave. North, Suite 320Sebastopol, CA 95472
At the Barwick Law Office 2005 Delpha DriveNapa, CA 94558