https://www.ionindia.com/termsUse.asp
Newly released! IEI News Vol. 85! Click here to know about
our offerings to the Oil and Gas Industry, latest innovations, key orders, employee events and so much more!
--Group Sites--
www.hydramem.com
www.ionresins.com
www.ionexchangeservices.com
www.zerobonline.com
www.ieiasiapacific.com
www.ionexchangeglobal.com
www.ionexchangesafic.co.za
www.ieiknowledgepark.com
Toggle navigation
Home(current)
ABOUT US
Corporate Profile
Code of Conduct
Manufacturing
R&D Facility
Knowledge Management
Investor Relations
Awards
CSR
APPLICATION & SOLUTIONS
Industrial
Institution
Communities
and Municipalities
Realty
PRODUCTS & SERVICES
Raw Water Treatment
Raw Water Treatment
I
Raw Water Treatment
II
Drinking Water
Treatment
Waste Treatment &
Recycle
Speciality
Chemicals
Services
News
Industrial
News
Institutions
Communities
Archive
Press Room
Press Room
Archive
CAREER
CONTACT US
GROUP SITES
Home | Terms of Use
Launched
India's first integrated reverse osmosis membrane manufacturing facility at Verna, Goa.
Our Aim
To conserve our planet's most precious resources - water, air, soil and energy through 360° environment solutions.
IndustrialSubstantial, superior value via a one-stop package of customised solutions, quality service and technical support, with single-point contact.
InstitutionThe institutional sector - hotels, spas, hospitals, schools and laboratories, have many different needs for water treatment. Apart from systems for specific medical...
COMMUNITIES & MUNICIPALITIESIncreasing pollution of surface and ground water has made quality of drinking water supplies to communities a paramount concern. Simultaneously, communities are faced with increasingly severe water shortages...
REALTYWe provide various environment management solutions for residential and commercial establishments by ways of water purification, treatment and recycle.
Terms of Use
Please read the following carefully
These terms and conditions (“Terms and Conditions”) control your use of this website ionindia.com (“Website”) and Email communication to @ionexchange.co.in. In these Terms and Conditions, “Ion Exchange (I) Ltd.” is referred to as the “Company”, “us,” or “we”. ‘You’ refers as a user. The Ion Exchange (I) Ltd. website ionindia.com (the ‘Site’), information made available through the site and the content (the ‘Products’) are owned, operated and maintained, as applicable, by Ion Exchange (I) Ltd. (‘we’, ‘our’, ‘us’, or the ‘Company’). The Site, Products and Content are, collectively, the ‘Company Products’.
By using or accessing the Company Products, including, but not limited to downloading or accessing; you agree to the terms and conditions set forth in these Terms of Use (the “Terms”).By using this website, you agree and warrant that you have read, understood, and agreed to be bound by these terms. Company’s privacy policy can be found at privacy policy. If you do not accept these terms, you must not use – and are not authorised to use – all or any portion of the company’s website and its products or services (as defined below).
Disclaimer
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by us and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk. In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profit arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website. Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of Ion Exchange (I) Ltd. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them. Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, we take no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Guidelines to use this website:
You should not use this site in an unlawful manner; you must respect website terms and conditions and follow the privacy policy.
Under no situations or circumstances, the company will be liable for any change in the content which it provides on the website through its products and services, including but not limited to any errors, omissions, loss or damage experienced in connection with the use of exposure, any content made available via our products, services or various resources such as email, blog etc.
Our services are free to any user with access to the internet. However, we are not responsible for the charges incurred for the use of hardware, software or internet services provider fee. Also, the user is fully responsible for the proper functioning of computer hardware and internet access.
You will be required to use login credentials for some of the sections on the site and the company reserves the right to block access to our services for any user who does not follow these conditions.
We make sure that users get uninterrupted access to our service, but there is no obligation to do so.
Digital Vidya is not responsible and is not obligated for issues in your network or server beyond certain limits.
Website Usage Guidelines
Do not insult, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise infringe the rights of others;
Do not publish post, distribute or disseminate any defamatory, infringing, indecent, offensive or unlawful material or information.
Do not upload, install, transfer files which are protected by Intellectual Property Laws or software which affect other computers.
It’s prohibited to edit HTML source code, reverse engineer or attempt to hack.
Do not run spam services/scripts or anything which could affect infrastructure, and in turn, users.
Do not communicate spam, advertise or sell services such as digital downloads, eBooks or phishing links.
You may not copy, distribute and indulge in plagiarism with website content or user-submitted content.
Privacy
We are concerned about your privacy, just as yourself. This makes us committed to safeguarding your privacy. Any information that you share with us is safe and is used as per our privacy policy. Use of our services after knowing our policies authorises us to use the information obtained. All website content or information that can be seen, heard or otherwise experienced on the Site is copyrighted and belongs to Ion Exchange (I) Ltd. You may use the Site and the Content for your own personal, non-commercial use only. You may download and print the available material for your own personal, non-commercial use only. You will not transfer any information from the website or produce derivative work which you can display, distribute or transmit.
Links and Hyperlinks Terms
This website may have links to other websites. We do not undertake any control on the content of these websites; nor are we responsible for their website content. The sole purpose of the links included is to provide users information. Hence, Ion Exchange (I) Ltd. will not be held responsible.
Hyperlinks
You may not mirror or frame the home page or any other pages of this Site on any other website or web page.
Do not link to Ion Exchange (I) Ltd. pages and subpages with spam links/anchor text which could provide a false impression. This may create misunderstanding for the users.
Do not use or include copyrighted or registered trademarks, or Intellectual property images, design or content as a link to Ion Exchange (I) Ltd. website.
Do not link to pages which support racism, terrorism.
Do not link to pages which provide pornographic content and violate human rights.
Copyright and Intellectual Property
We value and respect others intellectual property and expect our users to do the same. The entire contents of the Site are protected by copyright and trademark laws. The owner of the copyrights and trademarks is Ion Exchange (I) Ltd. The material on the site, including text, graphics, code and/or software is copyrighted and belongs to Ion Exchange (I) Ltd., therefore you may not duplicate, modify, publish or reproduce the content in any manner. Ion Exchange (I) Ltd. does not take any responsibility for the content on other sites, that you may find when searching or accessing Ion Exchange (I) Ltd. products or services. The privacy policy and terms of use of the sites that you visit will administer that material. Ion Exchange (I) Ltd. has all the rights to disable or prohibit access to the users who do not respect and involve in the infringement of Ion Exchange (I) Ltd.’s intellectual property. You are not allowed to use any of the digital images or logos from the website. In case of copyright issues, there has to be a written consent from the trademark owner.
Claims of Intellectual Property Violations
If you believe that your work has been used without your permission in a way which prompts for copyright infringement. Please provide us with the below information and we will act on it.
The authorised person who will act on behalf of the owner of the copyright should send a digital or physical signature
A description of the copyrighted work that you claim to be infringing your IP.
A description of where and how the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Ion Exchange’s website, with enough detail that we may find it on the website.
Contact Details – Address, telephone number, and email address.
A statement by you, that the information which you provided is accurate and your claim of the copyright or intellectual property is on your owner’s behalf
You can reach Ion Exchange (I) Ltd., to notify your claims of copyright By email – ho.commun@ionexchange.co.in
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
If you choose to visit the website, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Policy and the website's terms of use. In addition to the foregoing, any disputes arising under this Policy shall be governed by the laws of India and court of Mumbai.
Mobile & Other Devices
In case you’re using ionindia.com from a mobile or a similar device, you need to agree to a different set of terms & conditions known as “Mobile Terms”.
You are liable to be charged by your service provider for the use of data while visiting our website. Our website is available to be accessed free of cost.
You may have to go by some different terms and conditions based on the type of mobile devices you’re using.
The services may be interrupted due to various concerns like restrictions from products, coverage, software or the service charges.
Your accessing of this website using a mobile device is an acceptance of our mobile terms. But this in no way means that it’s limited to just the mobile terms and not the other terms and conditions of the website.
Do’s and Dont’s
You can access all the website content, services and products from any of the online streaming methods accepted as being legal. Using the company’s content you need to abide by these restrictions and allowances.
Do’s – While accessing and using the Website, you agree that you will
Furnish accurate and up-to-date information and will keep your profile binding to accuracy.
Use all the content, services and products of the website in a respectful manner. This includes all the services and functionalities.
You need to comply with state, federal, local and international laws and regulations.
Log out from your account at the end of each session & also after the use of the website
Don’ts – While accessing and using the Website, you agree that you will not
Stalk, insult, harass, infringe or abuse the rights of other users.
Post, publish or try to distribute and offensive, unlawful information or material.
Upload, install or transfer any file that is protected by Intellectual Property Laws.
Run any form of spam or scripts that may affect other users.
Advertise or attempt to sell eBooks or push any other phishing links.
Use forms of content that violate regulatory, governmental, legal or operator related laws.
Representation, Warranties & Convents
Using this website and our products and services, you represent and warrant the following:
That you are 18 or older in age & competent to form a Contract with Ion Exchange (I) Ltd., based on the Terms of Use.
Above the requisite age of registering an account on the website. In case you are not of the required age, you would need the supervision or involvement of your legal guardian.
Liable to pay all the data charges, service fees, and all other costs associated for accessing the websites. This will include software and hardware requirements.
You hereby represent, warrant and promise that you and Ion Exchange (I) Ltd., have the authority to enter into the agreement with respect to the terms of use, perform its obligations and by this, either of the two doesn’t violate any contractual relationship or applicable laws.
Limit of Liability
The company will not be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damage that may result from:
The use, abuse or failure to use the service.
Any costs involved in procuring substitute services or any services obtained purchased or transactions made on/from the website.
Any unauthorised form of access to your data, transmission or confidential information.
The application of any liability from any third party on any of the Company’s products or any other matter related to Company’s own products.
Indemnity
Any customer or user that pays for Ion Exchange (I) Ltd.’s products and services had consequentially agreed to the company’s Terms of Use. As a consumer, you have to agree to the indemnity of the company, its affiliates, directors, officers and all employees and agents from any claim made by a third party due to breach in Terms of Use or violation of any rights of the third party.
Changes to the Terms of the Website
Changes to Terms of Use
We reserve the rights to modify or change any of our “Terms of Use” at any given time without the need to issue a prior notice. Any such changes will be made effective immediately after the time of posting. However, these changes will not take effect on any ongoing legal disputes. We aim at keeping you updated on any changes taking place in our terms of use, but you agree to review the website to know about any changes or modifications in the same. Continual use of this website means that you accept and agree to the updated or modified Terms of Use.
Changes to the Website
Ion Exchange (I) Ltd. may change, modify or even eliminate any content or feature from the website at any time without the need of issuing a prior notice or having any liability. If you are not happy with the service related modifications, you are free to cease the use of the website. Also, we are not liable if the website is unavailable at any time for any reason.
Miscellaneous
All the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Mobile Terms form an entire agreement between the company and the user. This is related to all the representations, agreements, warranties, oral and written, with respect to the Website. These Terms of Use do not include any other 3rd party or beneficiary rights. Documents related to the purchase like your invoice, order number, etc. is for reference purpose only and does not bind Ion Exchange (I) Ltd. with any additional terms and condition mentioned anywhere. So, all the terms and conditions submitted by you on the purchase of any product or service stand rejected by Ion Exchange (I) Ltd. In case, any dispute arises between the participating parties i.e. You and us with respect to the Terms of Use or subject matter of these Terms of Uses, or the breach of these Terms of Use, the party prevailing in the dispute, whether settled in the court or out-of-court, will be entitled to recover all the costs from the non-prevailing party.
Copyright © 2018 Ion Exchange (I) Ltd. All rights reserved
Scroll
×