https://www.namemaker.com/pages/privacy-policy
Namemaker.com
Home
Clothing Labels
Personalized Woven Labels
Cotton Woven Labels
3/8" Cotton Woven Labels
5/8" Cotton Woven Labels
1" Cotton Woven Labels
Cotton Woven Logo Labels
Iron or Sew On Name Labels
Logo or Text Labels
Personalized Satin Labels
Prayer Shawl + Religious Labels
In Stock Woven Labels
Nursing Homes
Knitting Labels
Vintage Sewing Labels
Size Care Content Labels
Personalized Ribbon
Satin Personalized Ribbons
Logo Personalized Ribbons
Satin Ribbon Add an Icon
Christmas Personalized Ribbon
Poly Cotton Personalized Ribbon
Personalized Valentine Ribbon
Wedding Personalized Ribbons
Birthday Personalized Ribbon
Food Packaging Personalized Ribbon
Baby Personalized Ribbon
Sewing Labels
Personalized Stickers
Waterproof Stickers
Mini Waterproof Sticker
Personalized Waterproof Stickers
Medical-Allergy Waterproof Stickers
Gift Stickers
Holiday Gift Stickers
Everyday Gift Stickers
Hobby Personalized Gift Stickers
Kids Gift Stickers
Wedding Gift Stickers
Address Stickers
Holiday Address Stickers
Everyday Personalized Address Stickers
Hobby Address Stickers
Camp Return Address Stickers
Logo Upload Return Address Stickers
School + Camp
Camp
Face Mask
Wedding
Birthday
Graduation
Holidays + Occasions
Easter
Easter Personalized Ribbons
Easter Gift Stickers
Halloween
Halloween Personalized Ribbon
Halloween Gift Stickers
Christmas
Christmas Personalized Ribbon
Holiday Gift Stickers
Holiday Address Stickers
Chanukah
Chanukah Personalized Ribbon
Valentines Day
Valentine's Day Ribbon
Valentine Gift Stickers
Valentine Address Stickers
Valentine's Treat Bags
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Welcome to our Privacy PolicyYour privacy is critically important to us.Name Maker is located at:5390 Peachtree Industrial Blvd Suite 210 Norcross GA 30071
It is Name Maker’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to https://www.namemaker.com (hereinafter, "us", "we", or "namemaker.com"). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.Website VisitorsLike most website operators, Name Maker collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Name Maker’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Name Maker’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Name Maker may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Name Maker also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users. Name Maker only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.Gathering of Personally-Identifying InformationCertain visitors to Name Maker’s websites choose to interact with Name Maker in ways that require Name Maker to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Name Maker gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at https://www.namemaker.com to provide a username and email address.SecurityThe security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.AdvertisementsAds appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Name Maker and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.Links To External SitesOur Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.namemaker.com uses Google AdWords for re-marketingnamemaker.com uses the re-marketing services to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an inquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying InformationName Maker discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Name Maker’s behalf or to provide services available at Name Maker’s website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Name Maker’s website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Name Maker will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Name Maker discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Name Maker believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Name Maker, third parties or the public at large.
If you are a registered user of https://www.namemaker.com and have supplied your email address, Name Maker may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Name Maker and our products. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Name Maker takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.Aggregated StatisticsName Maker may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. Name Maker may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Name Maker does not disclose your personally-identifying information.CookiesTo enrich and perfect your online experience, Name Maker uses "Cookies", similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Name Maker uses cookies to help Name Maker identify and track visitors, their usage of https://www.namemaker.com, and their website access preferences. Name Maker visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Name Maker’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Name Maker’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to Name Maker's use of cookies. E-commerceThose who engage in transactions with Name Maker – by purchasing Name Maker's services or products are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Name Maker collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Name Maker. Name Maker does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.Privacy Policy ChangesAlthough most changes are likely to be minor, Name Maker may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Name Maker’s sole discretion. Name Maker encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Loading...
Error
is added to your shopping cart.
is added to your wish list.
Continue Shopping
Go to cart
Go To Wishlist
Close
Back to top