http://www.pago.cc/data-privacy-statement/
Navigation
Products
Pago Ideas
About Pago
Pago Countries
Contact
of Eckes-Granini AustriaDate: June 2018 Eckes-Granini Austria (hereafter referred to as ”Eckes-Granini”) operates the website which can be accessed under the domain “www.pago.cc” (hereafter referred to as the “website”). In the following we inform you about the collection of personal data when you use this website. Personal data is all data which can be related to you personally, e.g. name, address, e-mail addresses, user behaviour.Your data will be collected, processed and used in accordance with data protection law, in particular the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), as described in more detail below:   (1) If you use the website purely for information purposes, i.e. if you do not log on to, register, or provide us with any other information to use the website, we do not collect any personal data, apart from data which your browser sends to enable you to visit the website. This is:IP addressDate and time of the requestTime zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)Content of the request (specific page)Access status/HTTP status codeData volume transmittedWebsite from which the request comesBrowserOperating system and its interfaceLanguage and version of the browser software.Host Name(2) In addition, when you use the website, cookies will be stored on your computer. Cookies are small text files which are stored on your hard drive, are allocated to the browser used by you and through which certain information is sent to the body which places the cookie (in this case us). A cookie typically contains the name of the domain from which the cookie originates, the “lifetime” of the cookie, and a value, normally a unique randomly-generated number. Cookies cannot execute any programmes or transmit viruses to your computer. They serve to make the website on the whole more user friendly and more effective.a) This website uses cookies to the following extent:Transient cookies (temporary use)Persistent cookies (use for a limited time)Third-party cookies (from third-party providers)Flash cookies (permanent use)b) Transient cookies are deleted automatically when you close the browser. These include in particular the session cookies. These store a so-called session ID, with which various requests by your browser can be assigned to the shared session. As a result, your computer can be recognized when you return to the website. Session cookies are deleted when you log out or close your browser.Persistent cookies are automatically deleted after a predetermined time, which can vary depending on the cookie. You can delete these cookies any time in the security settings of your browser.d) You can configure your browser settings as you wish and, e.g., refuse the acceptance of third-party or all cookies. Information on the management and deletion of cookies as well as corresponding instructions for common browsers are also available at www.whoishostingthis.com/resources/cookies-guide/.  Please note, however, that you then may not be able to use all the functions of this websitee) Flash cookies used are not recorded by your browser, but by your Flash plugin. These cookies store the necessary data regardless of the browser you are using and have no automatic expiration date. If you do not wish Flash cookies to be processed, you must install an appropriate add-on.(3) This information is stored separately from any data that may further be stored by us. In particular, the cookie data is not linked to your other data that may be transmitted. (1) In addition to the use of our website purely for information purposes, we also offer a range of services which you can use if you are interested. For this purpose, you usually have to provide additional personal data which we use to provide the respective service. When you have the option of providing additional voluntary information, this is identified accordingly. Only the personal data which is necessary for your use of the website and/or the performance of a contract concluded with us or which you provide yourself is collected, processed and used by us. This concerns in particular master data and user data which may possibly be transmitted via forms on our website:CompanyName (consisting of salutation, title, first name, surname and gender)AddressTelephone numberFax numberE-mail addressDate of birthUser's registration and login dataUser’s bank detailsVAT identification number (optional) (2) Inventory data and user data are used by us as necessary in order to establish, provide the content of, amend or terminate a contractual relationship with you, in order to meet our contractual obligations, for login by the user on the website, and in order to contact you if you wish or if this is necessary within the scope of the contractual relationship or permitted by law.The personal data will, with the exception of the data collected by the third-party providers stated below, be stored and processed within the European Union. Unless otherwise is stated in this Data Privacy Statement, we store your data only as long as we need it, e.g. to process a request you have sent to us. Your personal data will therefore be deleted after your request has been processed unless otherwise has been agreed.Inventory data is deleted two years after the termination of the contractual relationship at the end of the calendar year, unless it needs to be stored for a longer period and this is permitted by law. We have the right to create user profiles using a pseudonym for purposes of advertising, market research or to design the website to meet the needs of users, unless you object. In particular, we analyse the user data anonymously for statistical purposes in order to design the website to meet the needs of users. You can object to the use of your personal data by sending us a corresponding notification. (See No. 14 for contact details) (1) This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, text files which are stored on your computers and allow an analysis of the use of the website. The information produced by the cookie on your use of this website will be transmitted to and stored on a Google server in the USA. In the event of IP anonymisation being activated on this website, your IP address will however be shortened beforehand within member states of the European Union or in other states signed up to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA, where it will be shortened. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website to analyse your use of the website, to compile reports on the website activities and perform further services related to the use of the website and internet for the website operator.(2) The IP address transmitted by your browser while using Google Analytics will not be combined with other data held by Google.(3) You may prevent cookies from being stored with an appropriate setting in your browser software; we point out, however, that in this case you will not have full use of all of the functions on this website.(4) You may also prevent data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) being collected and processed by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.(5) This website uses Google Analytics with the extension “_anonymizeIp()”. As a result IP addresses are only processed in shortened form in order to prevent a direct link to an individual.(6) Google Analytics is used is in accordance with the conditions which the German data protection authorities have agreed with Google. Information about the third-party provider: Google Dublin, Google Ireland Ltd., Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Fax: +353 (1) 436 1001. Terms of service for users: https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html, Google’s “Safeguarding your data” information: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en, and the Google privacy policy: http://www.google.de/intl/en/policies/privacy/.   (1) On this website data is collected and stored for marketing and optimisation purposes using the technologies of etracker GmbH (www.etracker.com). This data can be used to create user profiles under a pseudonym. For this purpose, cookies can be used. The data collected using the etracker technologies will not be used without separate consent being given by the data subject to identify personally the visitor to this website and not be combined with personal data about the bearer of the pseudonym. The collection and storage of data can be revoked at any time with effect for the future.(2) You may prevent cookies from being stored with an appropriate setting in your browser software; we point out, however, that in this case you will not have full use of all of the functions on this website. (1) If you grant your separate consent, we may send to you by e-mail information about the use of the website and general customer information (e-mail newsletter). The same applies accordingly if you grant your separate consent for a participation in one of our lotteries. Your consent is logged and you can access the content of the consent and this policy at any time. You can withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future. You can withdraw in particular your consent for processing for purposes of direct marketing (see No. 14 for contact details). (1) We use the online web services of Google AdSense and Bing Ads on this website. (2) When you visit our website, the providers will be informed that you have accessed our website. For this purpose, the providers will place a cookie on your computer. The data stated under No. 1 of this policy is transmitted. In addition, so-called web beacons are used; these are transparent graphic images used to analyse your user behaviour on this website. The IP address transmitted by your browser while using this service will not be combined with other data held by the provider. We have no influence over the data collected and do not know the full extent of the data collected. This data is transferred to the USA, where it is analysed. It is possible that this data will be passed onto contract partners of the provider and to authorities.  (3) You can prevent the cookies from being installed by Google AdSense in a number of ways: a) by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser software, in particular the blocking of third-party cookies will result in you not receiving ads from third-party providers; b) by deactivating ad topics shown when using Google via the link https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated, whereby this setting will be deleted if you delete your cookies; c) by deactivating the ad topics shown by providers which are part of the self-regulation campaign “About Ads” via the link www.aboutads.info/choices, whereby this setting will be deleted if you delete your cookies; d) by permanently deactivating in your browsers Firefox, Internet Explorer or Google Chrome under the link http://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin. We point out, though, that in this case you might not have full use all of the functions of this website. (4) Further information on the purpose and scope of the collection of data and its processing, as well as further information on your rights in this respect and settings options to protect your privacy can be obtained from:a) Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountainview, California 94043, USA; privacy terms for advertising: www.google.de/intl/en/policies/technologies/ads/ and information about DoubleClick cookies: https://support.google.com/dfp_premium/answer/2839090?hl=en b) Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, USA; https://privacy.microsoft.com/privacystatement. a) Use of social media plugins(1) We currently use the following social media plugins: Facebook, Google+, Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn and Xing. We use the so-called 2-click solution. This means that when you visit our website, initially no personal data is passed onto the provider of these plugins. You can identify the provider of the plugin by the marking on the greyed-out box with the first letter. Personal data will only be transmitted if you click on one of the plugins: By activating the plugin, data is sent automatically to the respective provider where it is stored (in the case of US providers in the USA). We have no influence over the data collected and data processing procedures, and do not know the full extent of the data collected, the purpose or the retention periods. As the provider collects the data in particular via cookies,  we recommend that you delete all cookies via your browser’s security settings before clicking on the greyed-out box.(2) When you activate a plugin, the provider of the plugin is informed that you have accessed the corresponding subpage of our website. In addition, the data stated under 1.(1) of this policy is transmitted, whereby in the case of Facebook and Xing, according to the respective providers only an anonymised IP is collected in Germany. This happens regardless of whether you have an account with this provider and are logged into it. If you are logged in with the provider, this data will be assigned directly to your account. If you click on the activated button and e.g. link to the site, the provider also stores this information in your user account and officially informs your contacts of this. If you do not want the data to be assigned to your profile with the provider, you have to log out before activating the button.(3) The provider stores this data as usage profiles and uses this for the purpose of advertising, market research and/or to design the website to meet the needs of users. Such an analysis is done in particular (including for users who are not logged in) to provide appropriate advertising and in order to inform other users of the social network of your activities on our website. You have the right to object to the creation of these user profiles, whereby you have to contact the respective provider in order to exercise this right.(4) Further information on the purpose and scope of the collection of data and its processing by the respective providers  can be found in the data privacy policies of these providers listed below. These will also provide you with further information on your rights in this respect and settings options to protect your privacy.(5) Addresses of the respective providers and URL with their data privacy policies: a) Facebook Inc., 1601 S California Ave, Palo Alto, California 94304, USA; http://www.facebook.com/policy.php. b) Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountainview, California 94043, USA; https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/?hl=de.  c) Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, California 94103, USA; https://twitter.com/privacy.  d) Instagram LLC., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA; https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388/ e) LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, California 94043, USA; http://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy f) Xing SE, Dammtorstraße 30, 20354 Hamburg, DE; http://www.xing.com/privacy. b) Integration of the services of third parties(1) We have integrated YouTube videos into our website; these are stored on http://www.YouTube.com and can be played directly from our website. These are all integrated in “enhanced data protection mode”, i.e. no data about you as a user will be transmitted to YouTube if you do not play the videos. Only when you play the videos will the data stated in Para. 2 be transmitted. We have no influence over this data transmission. We have also integrated content from the following third-party providers on this website: Google Maps. (2) When you visit the website, the third-party provider will be informed that you have accessed the corresponding subpage of our website. The data stated under 1.(1) of this policy is transmitted. This happens regardless of whether this third-party provider has provided you with a user account which you are logged into, or if there is no user account. If you are logged in with the plugin provider, this data will be assigned directly to your account. If you do not want the data to be assigned to your profile with the third-party provider, you have to log out before activating the button.(3) The third-party provider stores this data as usage profiles and uses this for the purpose of advertising, market research and/or to design the website to meet the needs of users. Such an analysis is done in particular (including for users who are not logged in) to provide appropriate advertising. You have the right to object to the creation of these user profiles, whereby you have to contact the respective third-party provider in order to exercise this right.(4) Further information on the purpose and scope of the collection of data and its processing by the third-party providers  can be found in the data privacy policies of these third-party providers listed below. These will also provide you with further information on your rights in this respect and settings options to protect your privacy.(5) Addresses of the respective providers and URL with their data privacy policies:Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountainview, California 94043, USA; https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/?hl=de. In the course of processing personal data we use subcontractors and conclude contracts with these contract data processors in accordance with the requirements of Art. 28 GDPR.The subcontractor which is used to host the website is neteco IT GmbH&Co KG, Morzgerstraße 32, 5020 Salzburg, Austria. We take technical and organisational measures in accordance with the requirements of Art. 32 GDPR to protect the user's personal data. All of our employees who are involved in the processing of personal data are under obligation to maintain data secrecy. The user’s personal data will be encrypted by HTTPS when it is transmitted to the website. The legal basis for the collection and processing of data is provided by §§ 12, 13, 14 and 15 TMG, Art. 6 Para. 1 Letters a) b) and f), 7 GDPR and § 7 Para. 2 No. 3, and Para. 3 UWG. The user and other data subjects may demand from us the following rights in respect of their personal data:Right to informationRight to correctionRight to deletion Right to limit the processingRight to object to the processingRight to data portability  The service provider and responsible body in accordance with Art. 4 No. 7 GDPR is:Eckes-Granini Austria Pummerinfeld 1b 4490 St.Florian Austriaservice-granini@eckes-granini.de All requests for information, corrections and deletions, objections or revocations of consent, the assertion of the right to limit the processing or the right to data portability, as well as comments or questions by the user relating to data protection are to be sent to this address. The data protection supervisory authority responsible for us, to which any complaint about a breach of data protection law can be sent, is:Landesbeauftragte für den Datenschutz und die Informationsfreiheit Rheinland-Pfalz Hintere Bleiche 34 55116 MainzTelephone: +49 (0) 6131 208-2449 Fax: +49 (0) 6131 208-2497 Website: https://www.datenschutz.rlp.de/    E-mail: poststelle@datenschutz.rlp.de Our Data Protection Contact Person is Mr. Stephan Schmidt, Lawyer, of Mainz/Germany. You can reach him at datenschutz@eckes-granini.com or at our postal address with the addition " Data Protection Contact Person". From time to time the content of this Data Privacy Statement will need to be updated. We therefore reserve the right to amend this policy at any time. We will send the amended version of the Data Privacy Statement to registered users by E-mail before it enters into force and publish it in the same place as this Data Privacy Statement.
We utilize technically required cookies essential for the correct functioning of the website. For more information, please see our data-privacy statement. Allow