http://www.indiasilver.com/index.asp?PageAction=Custom&ID=3#privacy
Supplying Retailers and Bulk Buyers since 1996Customer Service | FAQs | Login/Account | Cart Total: $0.00We have a no-questions-asked return policy.  Click here for more info.
STAR LAMPS
LANTERNS
LIGHT KITS
TATTOOS
JEWELRY
True Wholesale Pricing • Orders Ship Next Business Day
Temporary TattoosStar Lanterns- Star LampsHanging LanternsLight KitsWholesale Silver JewelryPendantsEarringsRingsCharmsNecklacesBraceletsChainHill Tribe SilverPlain SilverAmber JewelryFindingsBest Sellers
Information
CUSTOMER SERVICE
FAQ's
ORDERING & SHIPPING
VOLUME DISCOUNTS
SILVER INDUSTRY NEWS
OUR STORY
SUCCESS STORIES
SILVER JEWELRY BLOG
LINKS
SILVER INDUSTRY ARTICLES, RESOURCES, TIPS AND GUIDANCE
SITEMAP
Home > Wholesale Sterling Silver Jewelry FAQ's
Customer Service
About Whirled Planet Wholesale Contact Information Ordering Minimum Order
Discounts Payment Sales Tax Shipping Back-Ordered Items & Substitutions Returns and Exchanges Pricing and Descriptions
International Orders Secure Ordering Privacy Policy
Is all your silver sterling, and are your stones authentic? What sort of guarantees do you offer? What's a reseller number? I don't have one... Do you drop ship? Can I use your pictures on my site? Can I sell your products on my website? Do you have a printed catalog?
About Whirled Planet Wholesale Silver Jewelry We have been wholesalers of sterling silver jewelry, accessories, home decor and gifts since 1996. We're family owned and operated. We are direct importers, dealing with manufacturers around the world to bring the latest and greatest styles to our customers. To read more about the company, our mission and how it all began, please see our "about us" page.
Contact Information
Our office hours are 8:00 am to 4:00 pm Hawaii standard time, Monday to Friday. We don't observe daylight savings time, so we are 2 hours behind the West Coast in winter and 3 hours behind the West Coast in the summer. We can be reached by the following methods:
Call us toll-free:
888-241-7807
International:
+1-808-212-0999
Email us:
sales@indiasilver.com
Fax us:
808-822-2535
Send mail to us at:
Whirled Planet 6208G Olohena Rd. Kapaa, HI 96746 USA
Ordering We accept orders through our secure website ordering system. All information you submit on our site is encrypted (scrambled) so it cannot be intercepted by anyone. We think our site is easy to use, but you can call us toll free at 888-241-7807 to place your order over the phone if that is better for you. You can also fax your order to us at 808-822-2535.
Minimum Order
Our minimum order is $75.
Discounts We offer volume discounts starting at $500. Discounts cannot be combined, sorry.
Criteria
Discount Amount
Discount Code
Order $500 - $999
10% off
Applied in office
Order $1000 - $2499
15% off
Applied in office
Order $2500 - $4999
20% off
Applied in office
Order $5000 and over
25% off
Applied in office
Payment We accept Visa, MC, American Express, Discover, JCB, Google Checkout and Paypal. We ship COD to established customers only.
Sales Tax We do not charge sales tax, except .5% for orders shipped to Hawaii customers. Please note that there are several bills moving through various State legislatures that may force us to change this policy... If you are interested in this issue, we urge you to contact your state legislator(s) for more information on this.
Back to top of page
Shipping We ship orders within two business days of receiving them. Often, orders are shipped the same day we get them. Typically you will get your order within 5 business days of placing it (US customers). Our standard shipping method is via Fedex 2 day service, which takes 3 business days to reach destinations East of the Rockies. We also offer FedEx expedited (overnight) for an additional fee. International orders are shipped via DHL, which is typically US$30 for a 1kg. package to Western Europe, Canada, Australia and New Zealand.
Our website will give an estimate of shipping charges, but we reserve the right to adjust shipping charges to reflect actual costs. We will contact you before we ship if there is a substantial change in shipping above what you were quoted.
Back-Ordered Items & Substitutions Items shown on our site are in stock. We may run out if someone orders the last of our stock before the item is removed from the site, or if your order surpasses what we have on hand. When we are out of stock, we remove the item from your order, delete the charges, and cancel the backorder. If you receive your order and we have not shipped something you ordered but you would like us to notify you when it comes back in, please let us know. We do not substitute unless you specifically request it.
Returns and Exchanges You may return any item you are not completely happy with for a full refund, credit or exchange. Please call us at 888-241-7807 or email us to obtain a return authorization. Returning something is a painless process, and we guarantee satisfaction on everything we sell!  Sorry, we cannot reimburse shipping charges.
Pricing and Descriptions Prices shown on the site are generally per piece. We do sell assortments where multiple pieces are sold as a unit. In these cases, we try to explain as clearly as possible what is included in the assortment. All weights and measurements are accurate, but there may be slight variations among items in a particular style or assortment due to the handmade nature of most of our products.
International Orders We ship to Western Europe, Canada, New Zealand and Australia. We do not ship anywhere in Africa, sorry. Generally, credit card orders will be run through our credit card merchant services processor. If there is a discrepancy or issue with the card, we will contact you directly and also try to contact the issuing bank to resolve the problem. We accept PayPal to verified international addresses only.
Orders shipped internationally are sent through DHL and generally cost US$30 for a 1kg. package. In some instances there may be a substantial difference between the quoted and actual shipping charges. When this happens, we will contact you for confirmation before we ship the order.
Customers are responsible for duties and VAT charged by their country of residence. We recommend you contact your local customs office if you have questions about this. Australia customs currently allows shipments of up to US$650 duty free. With the weak US Dollar, our prices are especially good for international customers!
Back to top of page
Secure Ordering Our site is hosted by Network Solutions, one of the most trusted names in internet hosting and ecommerce. We use 128 bit encryption to ensure your information cannot be seen by unauthorized third parties. We use state-of-the-art security for all online transactions.
Privacy Policy We will never share your information with anyone. Any information we take from you is for in-house use only and will never be sold, rented or shared with any other company or person. Period.
Is all your silver sterling, and are your stones authentic? Yes, all our silver is guaranteed to be at least 92.5% pure (designating it sterling) and all our stones are guaranteed to be authentic.
What sort of guarantees do you offer? Every piece of our wholesale silver jewelry comes with a 30 day guarantee against defects in workmanship or materials. We have a 10 day, no-questions-asked return policy for wholesale silver jewelry or any of our wholesale gift items, but we cannot refund shipping charges. Wholesale silver jewelry and gift item returns can be exchanged, refunded or held on account as credit. When returning wholesale silver jewelry or wholesale gift items, please contact us for an RMA number before sending items back.
What's a reseller number? I don't have one... Some states don't require one. We ask for one for tax purposes for our records only. If you aren't required to have one, please enter "not required" in the appropriate box on our site (applies to orders, password requests and catalog requests).
Do you drop ship? Yes, we do drop ship, as long as each order meets our $50 minimum.
Can I use your pictures on my site? Yes, you can download them directly from the site. We have at least one high resolution and one low resolution version of each piece. Please contact us if you need higher resolution versions for print advertisments.
Can I sell your products on my website? Of course. You should have whatever items you are selling in stock in your own inventory. We run out of items, so if you sell something we are out of stock on, it will be up to you to handle your customer. We accept no responsibility for out of stock items, but we do try our best to avoid the "sold out" sign. We do not allow customers to offer our products at online mass retailers like Amazon, eBay, Walmart, etc.
Do you have a printed catalog? Yes, you can request one here.
Back to top of page
Home | Return Policy | Forgot Password | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | SitemapSite design, copy, text and images copyright Whirled Planet, Inc. 1996-2015.