http://www.coastalpet.com/about/customer-support/terms-and-conditions/
We apologize, Coastal is currently experiencing delays in shipping due to COVID19. As we work to return to normal ship times, we ask for your continued patience and understanding.
WEBSITE TERMS, CONDITIONS AND NOTICESPermitted Use:
The following terms, conditions and notices are applicable to all visitors to or users of the Coastal Pet Products Web Site, the home page of which is viewable at www.coastalpet.com. By using this Web site, you agree to be bound by all terms and conditions set forth herein. If you do not agree to all of the terms and conditions herein, DO NOT access or use the Coastal Pet Products, Inc. Web Site. These terms and conditions may be modified by Coastal Pet Products, Inc. at any time and posted on this Web Site. In the event of a violation of these terms and conditions, Coastal Pet Products, Inc. (hereinafter, Coastal Pet) reserves the right to seek all remedies available by law and in the equity. The Web Site is provided by Coastal Pet and is available only to entities and persons over the age of legal majority who can form legally binding agreement(s) under applicable law. If you do not qualify, you are not permitted to use this Web Site.
Privacy Policy:
Coastal Pet respects the concerns of privacy and how visitor information is handled. Upon visiting the website, we may gather non-personally identifiable data including, but not limited to: tracking where you go within our website, type and version of browser, and the search engine that referred you to our site. We use this information for compiling broad statistics about our site and to give us insight into making our site more accessible to our visitors. Information you provide through the website is stored on our webserver, and may be used to provide you with information you've requested about our company, our products and our services.
Indemnification:
Coastal Pet Products Website is operated by Coastal Pet Products Inc. or its agent.You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Coastal Pet Products Inc, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, suppliers and any third party providers to the Website from and against all damages, losses, expenses, and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation arising from the use of information appearing on this site. Coastal Pet Products is not liable for any damages arising from changes to information contained on the Website or content from any linked Website.
Copyright - Limited License:
The Coastal Pet Web Site and all of its works, including, but not limited to, its software or HTML code, scripts, text, artwork, photographs, images, video, and audio (collectively, "Works") are protected by copyright laws and other U.S. and international laws and treaties, with all rights reserved. All Works are provided by Coastal Pet as a service to its current and prospective customers and may be used for informational and product ordering purposes only where the user has maintained or retained all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the Works. No right, title or interest in Coastal Pets' Works is conveyed to the user. This is a limited, may not copy, reproduce, publish, transmit, distribute, perform, display, post, modify, create derivative works from, sell, license or otherwise exploit this site or any of the Works without the express prior written consent of Coastal Pet; (Using Content Agreement Form) (b) you may not access or use the Coastal Pet Web Site for any competitive or commercial purpose; and (c) you will not permit any copying of the Works. Any unauthorized copying, alteration, distribution, transmission, performance, display, or other use of the Works without the express prior written consent of Coastal Pet is strictly prohibited. Coastal Pet may revoke this limited license at any time for any or no reason. All rights not expressly granted are reserved by Coastal Pet.
Notice of Copyright Infringement:
Coastal Pet does not permit copyright infringing activities on this Web site. Coastal Pet may remove any content of any kind that a user posts to this Web site (hereinafter, "User Communications"), e.g., if properly informed that the User Communications infringe another's copyright rights. Coastal Pet may terminate the ability to submit User Communications if, under appropriate circumstances, a person submitting User Communications to this Web Site is determined to be a repeat infringer. If you are a copyright owner or an agent for such owner and believe that any User Communications on this Web site by third parties, or Coastal Pet Products infringes upon your copyrights, you may notify Coastal Pet by providing the following information in writing:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive copyright right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the located where the original or an authorized copy of the copyrighted work exists;
Identification of the User Communication(s) or material that is claimed to be infringing and a description of the infringing activity and information reasonably sufficient to permit Coastal Pet to locate the same;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit Coastal Pet to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an email address;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the User Communication(s) or material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive copyright right that is allegedly infringed.
If you fail to comply with all of the requirements above, your notice may not be valid. All correspondence regarding this Web Site or any Works relating thereto may be sent to address in "Contact Us Section".
Trademarks:
Coastal Pet and its affiliated companies retain all rights regarding their trademarks, trade names, brand names and trade dress. These marks, names or trade dress, and all associated logos or images, are registered and/or common law trademarks of Coastal Pet or its affiliate companies, and are protected by U.S. and/or international laws and treaties. No license to the use of such marks, names or trade dress is granted to any user under these terms and conditions or by use of the Coastal Pet Web Site. Any misuse of the trademarks displayed on the Coastal Pet Web Site is strictly prohibited. Be advised that Coastal Pet will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of civil remedies and criminal prosecution. This applies to all misuses of its trademarks and trade names in metatags and/or hidden text. The use of Coastal Pets' trademarks or trade names in metatag keywords is trademark infringement, and the use of trademarks or trade names in page text, metatags, and/or hidden text for purposes of gaining higher rankings from search engines is unfair competition. The use of any trademarks, trade names, or brand names of third parties is used with permission secured through Coastal Pet (marketing@coastalpet.com) and/or as a fair use of the marks, names or brands.
Linking to Website or other Resources:
Periodically, links may be established from this Web Site to one or more external web sites or resources, operated by third parties (the "Third Party Sites"). These links are provided for your convenience only. In addition, certain Third Party Sites also may provide links to the Coastal Pet Web Site. None of such links should be deemed to imply that Coastal Pet endorses the Third Party Sites or any content therein. Coastal Pet does not control and is not responsible or liable for any Third Party Sites or any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such Third Party Sites. Access to any Third Party Sites is at your own risk and Coastal Pet will have no liability arising out of or related to such web sites and/or their content or for any damages or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with any purchase, use of or reliance on any such content, goods, or services available on or through any such Third Party Site.
Defamation:
Users may not make knowingly false claims on third party websites with the intention to damage or harm the reputation of Coastal Pet. Coastal reserves the right to prosecute if necessary.
Disclaimer of Warranty:
Access to Coastal Pet Web Site is provided to our customers and prospective customers "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" and without warranty of any kind, whether express or implied, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE OR NONINFRINGEMENT. Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties. In such jurisdictions, the foregoing disclaimer may not apply to you. Coastal Pet reserves the right to block or deny access to the Web Site to anyone at any time for any reason.
Limitation of Liability:
IN NO EVENT WILL COASTAL PET BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES FOR USE OF THIS SITE OR ANY OTHER HYPERLINKED WEB SITES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES, COSTS OR REPLACEMENT, BUSINESS INTERRUPTIONS, LOSS OF DATA OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM USE OF OR RELIANCE ON THE INFORMATION PRESENT. EVEN IF COASTAL PET IS EXPRESSLY ADVISED ABOUT THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. In some jurisdictions, limitations of liability are not permitted. In such jurisdictions, the foregoing limitations on liability may not apply.
Jurisdiction - Applicable Laws:
Coastal Pet controls this Web Site from its offices within the State of Ohio. Coastal Pet does not imply that the materials published on this Web Site are appropriate for use outside of the United States. If the user accesses this Web Site from outside of the United States, he/she does so on his/her own initiative. The use is further responsible for compliance with any local laws. The terms of this Web Site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Ohio, without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions.
Communications to Coastal Pet:
Coastal Pet shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication sent to the Web Site for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information. Any personally identifiable information provided to Coastal Pet through the Web Site shall be subject to the Web Site's Privacy Policy.
Revisions:
Coastal Pet may terminate, change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the Web Site, including the availability of any features of the site, at any time and without notice. Coastal Pet also reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove any portion of these terms in whole or in part, at any time and without notice. Coastal Pet may terminate the authorization, rights and license given above at any time and without notice. Any continued use of this Web Site after any changes to these terms are posted will be considered acceptance of those changes.
Notification of Change:
These terms may be revised over time as new features are added to the Coastal Pet Products Web Site. We will post all changes to these terms on this page and will indicate at the top of the page effective date of these terms. We therefore encourage you to refer to these terms on an ongoing basis so that you understand our current terms.
Contact Us:
If you have questions concerning these terms, you may email us at: webmaster@coastalpet.com, contact us by mail: Coastal Pet Products Inc. 911 Leadway Ave. Alliance Ohio 44601 or contact us by phone: 330-821-7363