http://www.pinarello.com/privacy-policy
Serve solo un aggiornamento veloce del tuo browser (Chrome, Explorer, Safari, Mozilla, Opera...).
Clicca sul pulsante qui sotto e in un attimo vedrai correttamente il nostro sito.
You need to upgrade your browser (Chrome, Explorer, Safari, Mozilla, Opera...).
Click the button below and you will see our site quickly.
Update browser
Loading
View
Find
BikesComponentsClothingPinarello WorldSupportStore locator
Choose your country and language to view local content
Global
Loading...
English
Loading...
Continue
This website uses cookies and similar technical means to manage, improve and personalise your browsing experience.
For more information on how to use and manage cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
I agree Privacy Policy This information notice on the www.pinarello.com (hereinafter the “Website”) is provided pursuant to Art. No. 13 EU Reg. 2016/679 (hereinafter "General Data Protection Regulation" or "GDPR").1. DATA CONTROLLERSData Controller is Cicli Pinarello S.r.l., C.F. and VAT code 05994100963, REA TV 405650, with registered office in Viale della Repubblica n. 12, 31020 Villorba (TV), Tel. 0422420877, Fax 0422421816, email infobike@pinarello.com.2. PURPOSES OF DATA PROCESSING AND LEGAL BASISPersonal data (hereinafter referred to as "Data") provided by the interested party are processed for the following purposes:a) provide the requested services (hereinafter referred to as "Services"), in particular with regard to:administrative and legal obligationsreceipt and execution of orders and related activitieslog in to the Website through a password in order to obtain the servicescustomer carewarrantyhandle resellers and agency relationshipinternal statistical analysis.b) with specific consent:to send commercial and / or promotional communications on the products and services and to perform market research ("Direct Marketing");to send invitations to cultural and sport events related to Pinarello’s world.to send newsletter3. TYPES OF DATA PROCESSED3.1       Internet navigation dataThis category of data includes IP addresses or domains of computers used by users who connect to the site, addresses of the requested resources, time of the request, method used in submitting the request to the server, file size obtained in response, numerical code indicating the status of the response given by the server (success, error, etc.) and other parameters related to the operating system and user's computer environment.3.2       Data provided voluntarily by the userThe optional, explicit and voluntary sending of emails to the addresses indicated on this site entails the subsequent acquisition of the sender's address for the purposes of answering to requests, as well as any other data included in the format in regard with Data collected and processed for the purposes at point 2.4. RECIPIENTS OF PERSONAL DATAPersonal data may be processed by authorized Cicli Pinarello staff, duly appointed as authorized subjects. In addition, it might be processed on behalf of Cicli Pinarello by third parties duly appointed as data processors.Under no circumstances, will personal data be disclosed.5. DATA STORAGE PERIODData of the interested parties, collected through the website forms, are stored for the time necessary to give feedback to their requests.Data collected for Direct Marketing purposes are stored for no longer than 24 months.Data collected through cookies are stored for the period of time established by the individual cookie. For further information, please refer to the site's cookie policy.6. PROVIDING DATAAs to (a), users provide personal data on a voluntary basis: the refusal to provide the data, however, excludes the user from the service required.The consent to data processing for further purposes is optional.7. DATA PROCESSING METHODSData processing for each of the aforementioned purposes is carried out using paper-based, automated or electronic methods also, but not limited to, mail or email, telephone (e.g. unsolicited calls, SMS, MMS), fax and any other IT channel (e.g. websites, mobile, app) suitable to guarantee security and confidentiality according to the so-called data protection by default, i.e. the application of measures to minimize the risks of data breach.8. RIGHTS OF THE INTERESTED PARTYPursuant to GDPR, and subject to the conditions specified therein, the interested party holds the following rights:right of access, e. the right to obtain confirmation whether personal data are being processed and, where that is the case, to obtain access to them;right to rectification and cancellation, e. the right to obtain from the Controller the rectification of inaccurate personal data and / or the completion of incomplete personal data or erasure of personal data;right to restriction of data processing, e. the right to request suspension of personal data processing;right to data portability, e. the right to receive personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, as well as the right to transmit personal data to another data controller;right to object, e. the right to object to processing of personal data, including the processing of personal data for marketing and profiling purposes;right to contact the national competent data protection authority or to take legal action in case of unlawful processing of personal data.9. HOW TO EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTSInterested parties can exercise their rights by sending a registered letter to Cicli Pinarello S.r.l., Viale Repubblica n. 12, 31020 Villorba (TV) or by sending an email to the following address: privacy@pinarello.com.Data Controller will take care keep this information notice updated.