http://www.sunrisevista.com/privacy-policy/
Main Menu
TODAY’S RATES
PURCHASE ASSISTANT
REFINANCE ADVISOR
REAL ESTATE
APPLY NOW
More Links
Calculator
Debt Consolidator
Find A Realtor
Realtor Success Center
Information Center
Blog
You are here: Home / Privacy Policy
IntroductionHome Boom, Inc. (Home Boom) is committed to providing the tools necessary for its clients to have the financial flexibility they desire, including counseling them on all of their home financing needs. The purpose of this Policy is to outline how we treat and safeguard non-public personally identifiable information.
Definitions
Affiliates: Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be both financial and non-financial companies.
Confidential Information: The confidential and non-public information of Home Boom and/or its consumers, including but not limited to Consumer Information (as defined below). Non-public information is any information that cannot be found in public sources.
Consumer: A person who obtains or has obtain a financial product from Home Boom that is to be used primarily for personal, family, or household purposes.
Cookies: A cookie is a small piece of information that our website may provide to your computer for record-keeping purposes.
Customer: A subclass of “consumers” who have a continuing relationship with a financial institution.
Non-public Information: Any personally identifiable information that a financial institution collects about an individual in connection with providing a financial product or service, unless that information is otherwise publicly available. This includes any information that you provide to get a financial product or service (e.g. name, address, social security number, or information on an application), or any information about you from a transaction involving Home Boom and you.
Restrictions
We restrict access to your non-public information to Home Boom personnel who need to know that information in order to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic, logical, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations in order to guard your nonpublic personal information.
Information We Collect When You Do Business With Us
We collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources:
Information we receive from you on applications or other forms;
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates, or others (such as your loan balance, payment histories, and other account information);
Information we receive from a consumer reporting agency;
Information we receive from other mortgage settlement services providers when we process your transaction.
Collecting this information allows us to assist you in meeting your financial goals. We are unable to process your requests without some or all of this information, to keep you informed of new products or services that might be beneficial to you, and to generally understand your needs.
Information We Collect When You Browse Our Website
We do not access information about your identity when you browse our website. In order to improve user experience, we are provided general information about the date and time you accessed our website, the geographic location that you accessed it from, the type of browser that you used, and other non-identifying information, however that information is stored with third parties and you remain anonymous to Home Boom.
Home Boom uses a variety of third party services to provide you with the best possible experience while using our website. We also use third parties such as Google Analytics to help us understand how to tailor our website to assist our visitors. These third parties may collect information from your browser, and may tailor advertising content so that you see our advertisements on other websites. In order to limit tracking of your browser information, you must adjust the Privacy Settings in your browser.
Home Boom uses cookies in order to identify which pages of the site you access, and also to improve your online experience by allowing pages to load faster. Assigning a cookie to your computer does not provide Home Boom with access to your computer or any information contained on the computer, and your computer is not harmed by Home Boom’s use of cookies. Most web browsers afford the opportunity to reject or delete cookies. To reject cookies, you should limit your Privacy Settings. You may also delete cookies in your Internet browser. Please note that if you use more than one type of browser or more than one computer to access the Internet, you may have to remove cookies in each browser and on each computer that you use. If you return to  Home Boom, you may receive a new cookie. By rejecting cookies, you may be removing some of your ability to access content on Home Boom’s website. For your convenience, we have included the links below to some common web browsers to assist you in setting your privacy limits. We do not make any representations as to the accuracy of the data contained at these links, and you agree that you assume all risk and responsibility by navigating to the links provided below. For the most up-to-date information, you should contact the company that provides your internet browser.
Chrome: //support.google.com/chrome/answer/114836?hl=en
Firefox: //support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/how-do-i-turn-do-not-track-feature
Safari: http://support.apple.com/kb/PH11952
IE: http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/internet-explorer/ie-do-not-track#ie=ie-11
Sharing Information
FACTS
WHAT DOES HOME BOOM DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
WHY?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
WHAT?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and credit scores
Income and asset information
Home valuation information
Employment information
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
HOW?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business and process your transactions. In the section below, we list the reasons Home Boom chooses to share and what you can do to limit the sharing.
Reasons We Share Personal Information
Does Home Boom share?
Can you limit sharing?
For our everyday business purposes – such as to process your transactions, respond to audits or court orders, or to comply with criminal investigations.
YES
NO
For our marketing purposes – to offer products and services to you.
YES
NO
For joint marketing with other financial companies
NO
NOT SHARED
For our affiliates everyday business purposes – information about transactions and experience
YES
NO
For our affiliates everyday business purposes – information about your credit worthiness
YES
NO
For our affiliates to market to you
NO
NOT SHARED
For non-affiliates to market to you
NO
NOT SHARED
For Alaska, Illinois, Maryland, and North Dakota Residents: We will not share your personal information with non-affiliates, either for them to market to you or for joint marketing – without your authorization. – For California Residents: We will not share personal information with non-affiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing – without your authorization. We will also limit our sharing of personal information about you with our affiliates to comply with all California privacy laws. – For Massachusetts, Mississippi and New Jersey Residents: We will not share personal information from deposit or share relationships with non-affiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing – without your authorization.
Home Boom shares nonpublic personal information:
To companies involved in the loan process, such as appraisers, processors, title companies, credit reporting companies, insurance companies, and mortgage investors and/or mortgage servicers. These companies are a necessary part of the transaction and therefore we must provide at least some of your information to them.
With service providers who assist us in processing the above mentioned functions.
Links to Other Websites
Home Boom’s website may include links to other websites, whose privacy practices may differ from our own. Any use of those websites will be governed by those privacy statements, and you are encouraged to familiarize yourself with the privacy statement of any website you visit.
Limit Sharing
You have the opportunity to limit the sharing of information to the extent permitted by law. If you wish to limit sharing or opt out, you must request that your information by removed by writing to:
Home Boom, Inc.
ATTN: Compliance Dept.
1111 H Street, Suite 202
Sacramento, CA. 95814
or calling:         888-415-2000
If you establish a new customer relationship with us after you opt out, your previous opt-out request will no longer apply.
Policy Changes
We may update this Policy in accordance with changes to our information security practices. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time without notice, but the most current version will always be available by clicking on the link at the bottom of the www.sunrisevista.com URL.
Additional Contact
You may contact our corporate headquarters if you have additional questions regarding our use of your information and the protections that we provide:
Home Boom, Inc.
ATTN: Compliance Dept.
1111 H Street, Suite 202
Sacramento, CA. 95814
Phone: 888-415-2000
Quick Quote
Home Search
Dream Home Request
Home Value Wizard
LICENSING
BRE#01964247
NMLS# 1511498
Social Media
CONTACT
Sunrise Vista Mortgage
836 57th Street Suite 202
Sacramento, CA. 95819
Phone:
(916) 835-2782
MORE LINKS
About
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Glossary
© Copyright 2017 Home Boom, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Equal Housing Opportunity. Home Boom, Inc. operates only in states where it is authorized to conduct business. 1111 H Street, Suite 202, Sacramento, Ca. 95814. (916) 999-1981 To view our licenses go to NMLS Consumer Access Portal Licensed by the California Bureau of Real Estate. BRE#01964247 NMLS#1511498. John Hudak NMLS 281664, BRE 02078846. Sean Safholm BRE#01270334 NMLS# 121627 877-373-4542. CalBRE. John Arvanitis BRE# 01097853  NMLS# 249271 Home Boom, Inc. is an approved VA Mortgage Broker in Sacramento, California. We are not endorsed or sponsored by the Department of Veteran Affairs or any other government agency. We specialize in mortgage financing for Veterans and California Public Employees. Privacy Policy Communication Consent: By submitting your contact information you expressly consent to having Home Boom Inc DBA Sunrise Vista Mortgage, contact you about your inquiry by text message or phone (including automatic telephone dialing system or an artificial or prerecorded voice) to the cellular or residential telephone number you have provided, even if that telephone number is on a state, corporate, or national Do Not Call Registry. You do not have to agree to receive such calls or messages as a condition of getting any services from Home Boom, Inc. DBA Sunrise Vista Mortgage. By communicating with us by phone, you consent to calls being monitored and recorded.