http://www.pryormarking.com/cookie-policy
Show all
Show less
Accessibility Links
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Navigation
|
Login / Register
News
|
Events
|
FAQ
|
Knowledge Centre
|
Contact Us
|
Visit us on Facebook
Visit us on Twitter
Visit us on Google Plus
Visit us on Linkedin
Visit us on Youtube
|
DEU
ENG
USA
FRA
ITA
SPA
Pryor Marking Technology
Main Menu
About Pryor
About Us
History
Values
Meet The Team
Global Presence
Contact Us
Products
Solutions
Case Studies
Mobile Navigation
Menu
About Pryor
About Us
Our History
Our Values
Meet The Team
Global Presence
Products
Solutions
Traceability & Data Capture Solutions
Automated Part Marking
Aerospace Part Marking Standards
Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) Marking
Hand Tools for Marking & Identification
Serial Number Marking
Logo Marking Solutions
Production Data Monitoring
Case Studies
News
Events
FAQ
Knowledge Centre
Contact Us
Login/Register
DEU
ENG
USA
FRA
ITA
SPA
Visit us on Facebook (Opens in a new tab)
Visit us on Twitter (Opens in a new tab)
Visit us on Google Plus (Opens in a new tab)
Visit us on Linkedin (Opens in a new tab)
Visit us on Youtube (Opens in a new tab)
Our Cookie Policy
Pryor Home
›
About Our Cookie Policy
Back to Pryor Home
Our Cookie Policy
Information about our use of cookies
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer (if you consent to us using cookies). Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive.
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our website.
Our cookies help us:
Make our website work smoothly as you would expect
Remember your settings between visits
Offer you content
Improve the speed of the site
Improve the security of the site
Allow you to share pages easily across social media networks
Continuously improve our website
Make our marketing more efficient
We do not use cookies to:
Collect any personally identifiable information (without your express permission)
Collect any sensitive information (without your express permission)
Pass personally identifiable data to third parties
Pay sales commissions
Third Party Functions
Our site, like most websites, includes functionality provided by third parties. A common example is an embedded YouTube video. Our site includes the following that use cookies:
YouTube
Google
Twitter
Social Website Cookies
So you can easily Like or Share our content on social media networks we have included sharing buttons on our site. Cookies are set by:
ShareThis (Who provide lots of sharing buttons in a single package)
The privacy implications on this will vary from social network to social network and will be dependent on your personal privacy settings that you have chosen on these networks.
Visitor Statistics Cookies
We use cookies to compile visitor statistics such as how many people have visited our website, what type of technology they are using, how long they spend on the site, what page they look at etc. This helps us to continuously improve our website. These so called analytic programs also tell us how people reached the site (e.g. from a search engine or a link via social media) and whether they have been here before.
There are two types of cookie that may be used during your visit to our website:
1. Session cookies
Session cookies are deleted after each visit to our site. For example, when you are browsing our site, it will remember you for the duration of your visit, but the cookie will be removed from your computer as soon as you close down your internet browser.
2. Persistent cookies
Persistent cookies remember you for a set period of time. On your first visit to our site, you will be presented with a default view. Over time, the version of the site you see may change, as persistent cookies remember items you have previously viewed, preference changes you have made, or whether you logged into or out of your account while browsing.
By using our website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
Cookie
Name
Purpose
More Info
_ga
Google Analytics
Tracking the path of visitors through the website and identifying returning visitors. Statistics derived from this information help you identify how well certain pages and aspects of the site perform, and where we can make improvements to help visitors access the information they need more quickly and with less hassle.
Google.com
_gat
HotJar
Used to show ads on other websites, analytics, allows visitor to be tracked across multiple pages and sessions, interact with Polls, interact with Social Media networks
Hotjar.com
_stid, _uset, _unam, UID, UIDR
ShareThis
Part of the ShareThissharing button functionality. Unique identifiers given to each computer to allow traffic analysis to ShareThis. ShareThis includes a link in their pop-up box which allows users to specify "Do not track" which deletes cookies as required.
Sharethis.com
ra1_sid, ra1_uid
Gwallet
Gwallet is a domain used by Radium One which is an analytics company that is part of a network of sites, cookies, and other technologies used to track you, what you do and what you click on, as you go from site to site, surfing the Web. Over time, sites like Gwallet can help make an online profile of you usually including the sites you visit, your searches, purchases, and other behaviour. Your profile can then be exchanged and sold between various companies like gwallet.com as well as being sold to other advertisers and marketers.
Gwallet.com
ra1balancer
Gwallet.com
See above
U, rud, ruds, euds, smd, eud, dids,
Rocket Fuel
These cookies are from Rocket Fuel (rfihub.com) and are used to deliver targeted advertising across their network sites ensuring users see relevant advertising.
Rfihub.com
TDID, TDCPM
Adsrvr.org
Purpose of these cookies is to allow for optimisation of performance of advertising on other websites as well as to understand what advertising converts on  the website.
ab
Adadvisor.net
Cookie stores data to recognise your device and provides data to advertising partners. Data collected includes DOB, gender and postal area.
Opt out at http://www.adadvisor.net/optout.html
Ck1, rlas3, rtn1, ids
Rlcdn.com
Rlcdn cookies from Rapleaf track users, what they do, what sites they visit and develop an online profile of user searches and behaviours. This data is then exchanged or sold between other companies and advertisers
Bkdc, bku
bluekai.com
Targeting / Advertising cookies. These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advert as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator's permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organisation.
U
Adsymptotic.com
Cookie collects non-identifiable data, sent to unidentified source. Source identity is kept secret by Whois Privacy Protection Service Inc.
Cckz, clid, acs, sglst
Media6degrees.com
Collects anonymous data on behalf of Media6Degrees. Used to analyse the user's browsing behaviour for targeted advertising.
Id, IDE
Doubleclick.net
The cookie is generated by double-click floodlight tags. Holds Check For Permission value.
Cookie is removed after 10 minutes
na_tc
Nexac.com
Tracking cookie from a 3rd party, commonly used in “like” and “share” buttons. Often used to link to social networks. May be used for targeted advertising.
Sess, uuid2
Adnxs.com
Cookie records what adverts web browser has seen, what page it was on, when the browser saw the ad, whether the ad was clicked on and what type of pages the browser visited along with the IP address.
Uuid, uuidc
Mathtag.com
Targeted marketing cookie from Media Math.
_cfduid
A1 webstrategy.com
Persistent cookie identifies trusted web traffic. Does not store or transmit any personally identifiable information
cli
Collective-media.net
Targeted advertising cookie used to limit the adverts a user sees as well as measure effectiveness of an advertising campaign. Remembers a user has visited a site and data shared with advertisers.
ANON_ID
Tribalinfusion.com
Collects information about user's visits to the site, such as which pages were consulted. The recorded data used to classify user's interest and define demographic profiles in terms of resale for targeted marketing
metrics_token, pid,
Twitter
Metrics_token helps Twitter count the number of users that have seen an embedded tweet or time line. PiD cookie enables tailored suggestions from twitter for users based on the websites that they visit.
_tmid
Tubemogul.com
Cookie is used by TubeMogul that provides a platform that is designed to help advertisers place advertisements into videos that you view while online.
You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Except for essential cookies, all cookies will expire after 5 years.
Back to top
Edward Pryor & Son Ltd
Trading as:
Pryor Marking Technology
Egerton Street
Sheffield
S1 4JX
UK
+44 114 2766044
Company Number: 313230
Registered in England and Wales
Pryor Marking Technology designs and manufactures the widest range of permanent marking systems in the world, together with software and barcode readers for component tracking and tracing.
Follow us online:
Visit us on Facebook (Opens in a new tab)
Visit us on Twitter (Opens in a new tab)
Visit us on Google Plus (Opens in a new tab)
Visit us on Linkedin (Opens in a new tab)
Visit us on Youtube (Opens in a new tab)
Our Solutions
Traceability & Data Capture Solutions
Automated Part Marking
Aerospace Part Marking Standards
Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) Marking
Hand Tools for Marking & Identification
Serial Number Marking
Logo Marking Solutions
Production Data Monitoring
© Pryor 2020 All rights reserved. Text, images, graphics, sound, animations and videos on this website are protected by copyright.
|
Privacy Policy
|
Cookie Policy
|
Terms & Conditions
|
Sitemap
Website by Evoluted New Media (Opens in a new tab)
Accepted Payment Methods
Visa Credit
Visa Debit
Mastercard Credit
Mastercard Debit
Visa Electron
Maestro
JCB Cards
This website is powered by Worldpay