http://www.beaver.co.uk/privacy-statement/
Home
Print Services
Digital Printing
Lithographic Printing
Fine Art Printing
Canvas Printing
Print Management
Print Finishing
Poster Printing
Design Services
Web Design
Graphic Design
Get a Quote
Contact Us
— Main Menu —Home
Print Services - Digital Printing
- Lithographic Printing
- Fine Art Printing
- Canvas Printing
- Print Management
- Print Finishing
- Poster Printing
Design Services - Web Design
- Graphic Design
Get a Quote
Contact Us
Privacy StatementBeaver Reprographics Ltd data protection declaration
Beaver Reprographics Ltd takes the privacy of your data very seriously. This policy explains how and for what purposes we use the information collected about you via our website. Please read this privacy policy carefully. By using the website and any services we offer via the website, you are agreeing to be bound by this policy in respect of the information collected about you via our website.
If you have any queries about the policy, please get in touch with us using the contact details set out below and we will do our best to answer your questions.
Beaver may amend this policy from time to time. Every time you wish to order from our site, you should check this policy.
You are not able to proceed with an order on our Site unless you confirm that you agree with this policy.
1. Collection, processing and use of personal information
In visiting our website we will only store non-personal access information, such as the name of your Internet service provider, the page from which you are visiting, or the name of the requested file. This information cannot be tracked back but used for us to improve the navigation or content on the website.
Personal information is only collected if you voluntarily provide this information as part of your order, or when opening a new account. We will use the information you supply without separate consent only to complete and process your order.
We reserve the right to store Customer print data electronically for a period of time for accounts purposes after that period of time the details will be removed from our systems. The print data does not contain customer data or other personal data except for an order number . On the basis that it is possible to identify the customer from the order number and therefore we treat the storage of such print data in accordance with the provisions of the Data Protection Act 1998. We store this print data for HMRC record keeping purposes, in particular in order to be able to demonstrate to the HMRC that we have correctly identified the applicable VAT rate to the service provided.
2. Forwarding personal information
Your information will be passed on to the shipping company commissioned with the delivery of your product. In order to arrange delivery dates, addresses, telephone numbers as well as e-mail address are shared with the parcel service. Your payment information will be forwarded to the bank commissioned with the payment with respect to payment settlement. Information will not be forwarded to any other third parties.
3. Use of website statistic services
a. Use of Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service. It is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Google Analytics uses “cookies”. These are text files that are stored on your computer and that enable analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. For more information about how to deal with Google Analytics user data, see Google’s data protection declaration: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en.
4. Use of Facebook Social Plugins
Our website uses social plugins of the social network Facebook, which is operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”). The plugins are marked with a Facebook logo or the phrase “Facebook Social Plugin”. You will find an overview of the Facebook plugins and their appearance here: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins?locale=en. When you visit a page of our website that contains such a social plugin, your browser makes a direct connection with the Facebook servers. The content of the plugin is directly transmitted from Facebook to your browser and integrated by this into the website. Through the integration of the plugin, Facebook receives the information that your browser has accessed the corresponding page of our website, even if you do not have a Facebook account or are not currently logged in to Facebook. This information (including your IP address) is directly transmitted from your browser to a Facebook server in the USA and stored there. If you are logged into Facebook, Facebook can link the visit to your Facebook account. If you interact with the plugins, for example by pressing the “Like” button or by entering a comment, the corresponding information is also transmitted directly to a Facebook server and stored there. The information is also published on Facebook and shown to your Facebook friends. Facebook can use this information for the purpose of advertising, market research and the appropriate design of the Facebook pages. For this purpose, Facebook creates usage, interests and relationship profiles, e.g. in order to evaluate your use of our website in terms of the advertisements displayed for you on Facebook, to inform other Facebook users about your activities on our website and to provide other services relating to the use of Facebook. If you do not want Facebook to link the data collected on our website to your Facebook account, you must log out from Facebook before visiting our website. For the purpose, scope and extent of data collection and further processing and use of the data by Facebook as well as your rights in this respect and setting options for protecting your privacy, please see the privacy policies of Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php.
b. Google+
Our website uses the “+1” button of the social network Google Plus, which is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States (“Google”). The button is identifiable by the “+1” on a white or coloured background.
When users access the content of our website, which contains such a button, the browser establishes a direct connection to Google’s servers. Google transmits the content of “+1” button directly to the user’s browser, which then in turn embeds the content in the web page. We have therefore no influence on the data collected by Google using the button and according to Google, no personal data is collected if the button is not clicked. The IP address etc. will only be collected and processed in the case of registered Google users.
Users can find out more about the extent and the purpose of the data collection by Google, in whatever form the processing and use of data is carried out, and the rights in this respect and setting options to ensure the protection of privacy by viewing Google’s privacy notice regarding the “+ 1” button: at: https://developers.google.com/+/web/buttons-policy. If you are a Google Plus member or are logged in to Google and you do not wish Google to collect data about you during your visit to our webpage, or to link this data to information about you saved by Google, you must log out of Google Plus or Google before visiting our website.
c. Twitter
Functions of the Twitter service are embedded on the pages of our website. These functions are offered by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. Through the use of Twitter and the “Re-Tweet” function, Twitter links the Twitter account of users with the Internet sites frequented by them. This will be announced in particular to the followers of the Twitter user. When doing so, data will also be transferred to Twitter servers.
We would advise that we, as the provider of the website, have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted and use thereof by Twitter. Further information is available under the following link: https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en. Privacy settings on Twitter can be changed in the account settings at http://twitter.com/account/settings.
5. Changes to your details
We aim to keep our information about you as accurate as possible. If you would like to review or change the details you have supplied us with, please contact us. you also have the right to receive information free of charge about the data stored about your person, as well as a right to correction, blocking and deletion of this information if necessary.
6. Withdrawal of consent
You have provided the following consent, possibly as part of the ordering process. We would like to advise that you may withdraw your consent at any time, with immediate effect.
In order to be able to provide you with services prior to payment (payment by invoice, instalments, etc.), we first need to ensure that these payment methods will not be misused and that consumers will be protected against overspending.
7. Opening a customer account
Inventory data (name, address, e-mail, telephone number and bank/credit card details) as well as usage data (user name and password) will be stored in a customer database when a new customer account is opened. This will enable me to log in using my user name and password and make future purchases without having to re-enter my information.
8. Consent for e-mail advertising
You may consent to receiving interesting offers by regular e-mail. Your e-mail address will not be forwarded to other companies. If you decide to discontinue receiving these services in the future, you can withdraw your consent at any time. To do this, please contact us at gdpr@beaver.co.uk “Unsubscribe” in the subject line.
9. Data Protection Supervisor Contact
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this privacy policy, please contact Beaver Reprographics Ltd appointed Data Protection Supervisor on gdpr@beaver.co.uk. This email address is also available to you if you are concerned about compliance with our Code of Conduct.
Postal Address:
Beaver Reprographics Ltd
Electra House
Wiggenhall ind est
Wiggenhall Road
Watford
Herts
WD18 0FG
Navigation
Home
Privacy Statement
Cookie Policy
Get a Quote
Contact Us
Promotional Offers
Start-Up Package Deals
Brand Identity Deals
Web Design Deals
Map
Contact Details Beaver Printing Services
Electra House
Wiggenhall Industrial Estate
Wiggenhall Road
Watford
Hertfordshire
WD18 0FG
Email: sales@beaver.co.uk
Phone: 01923 229387
Printers in Rickmansworth | Printing Companies Watford | Printers in Watford | Canvas Prints | Same Day Watford Printers | A3 Watford Printers | Watford Digital Printers | Printers Croxley Green | Same day printing | A3 printers | A2 posters | business card prints | full colour business cards | print design | leaflet printing | poster printing | digital print | business printing | booklet printing
© Beaver Reprographics Ltd
This site uses cookies More infoNo problem