http://www.arcconsulting.com/privacy/
Active Recruiting Consultants Ltd is a niche recruitment consultancy providing ethical, effective,
high quality recruitment solutions since 2001.
Home
Financial Services Jobs
General Insurance Jobs
Testimonials
Refer a Friend
Submit Your CV
Contact Us
Featured Job
Paraplanner
SW London - Permanent
Paraplanner - SW London - to £48,000Established IFA business, successful private client and em ... Full details
Privacy & Cookie Policy
A very warm welcome to our services at Active Recruiting Consultants Ltd.
To give you the best experience possible, we carefully use your personal information as follows and only for the period of time necessary to deliver what we have agreed or that you are likely to expect from us:
We use your contact information e.g. email to deliver our services
to you and communicate important information about our services.
We use your online clicks and related information
to give you the best possible experience on our website.
We use the information you submit to us to help find relevant job opportunities for you.
We gather this information from yourself and sometimes our trusted
partner companies. We may also share this information carefully and
securely with trusted partner companies to help deliver our services.
We keep your information safe and secure using best practice with our technologies and processes.
We are allowed
to do this based on either your consent,
our balanced legitimate interests,
to deliver a contract or other legal reasons.
You have the right to know what personal information we have for you and can ask for any errors to be corrected. You also have the right to request a copy of your personal information and/or for it to be deleted and for us to stop using it. You can also if relevant opt out of automated profiling and decision making.
Use of Cookies: On occasion, we may gather information about your computer for our services and to provide statistical information regarding the use of our website to advertisers. Such information should not identify you individually as it is statistical data about our visitors and their use of our site. Similarly to the above, we may gather information about your general internet use by using a cookie file. Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer automatically. This cookie file is stored on the hard drive of your computer as cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our website and the service that we provide to you. All computers have the ability to decline cookies. This can be done by activating the setting on your browser which enables you to decline the cookies. Please note that should you choose to decline cookies, you may be unable to access particular parts of our website. Our advertisers may also use cookies, over which we have no control. Such cookies (if used) would be downloaded once you click on advertisements on our website. For more information on cookies for the most common browsers, please refer to the pages below:
Google Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647
Microsoft Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/kb/278835
Microsoft Edge: https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Safari (OSX): https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411
Safari (iOS): https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201265
Mozilla Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
Android: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?co=GENIE.Platform%3DAndroid
(Please refer to your device’s documentation for manufacturers’ own browsers.)
If you have any questions or feedback, please contact the Data Privacy & Protection Lead at Active Recruiting Consultants Ltd.,
Valley House,
43 Rectory Lane,
Banstead,
Surrey
SM7 3PE,
+44 (0)1737 300 470.
If you want to complain about anything to do with your personal data,
please contact the
Information Commissioner's Office at Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire SK9 5AF.
Submit your CV Upload your CV using our quick submission form.
Full Name:
Email Address:
Phone Number:
UK Postcode:
CV Filename:
Refer a friend Refer a friend and receive a £250 thank you.
Latest Jobs
Junior IFA Administrator
SW London - Permanent
£24,000 - £26,000
Mortgage Admin Consultant
Surrey - Permanent
£20,000 - £25,000
Customer Service Associate
Surrey - Permanent
£22,100 - £23,600
Finance Administrator
Surrey - Permanent
£negotiable
Testimonials
Darren recruited me for my current position as a Communications Officer. Immediately he proved himself to be communicative, empathetic and focussed.
He could relate to my concerns as a jobseeker, promptly returning calls and emails, even if there was nothing new to share. When I had to leave the UK for an emergency, he was very understanding and worked with the client to reschedule my interview.
Darren also provided excellent advice on interview preparation, which was instrumental in helping me land the job.
CANDIDATE - A Communications Specialist
Accepted a Comms Officer role with a UK Top 100 Employer in Surrey
Darren is a rarity amongst recruiters - someone who promises not to flood you with useless CVs and delivers on that promise. He worked hard to understand my needs but also my constraints, and engaged with the candidates to ensure that difficult conversations were avoided. I will have no hesitation in using him again
CLIENT - Manager, Flex Consulting & Administration, Enrich Reward
Had asked ARC to help recruit a Flex Team Administrator
ARC have been one of our preferred recruitment agents since 2006 and Darren has always been very diligent in finding the right candidates. His knowledge of the FS industry is invaluable and this together with his determination to find the perfect person, makes the whole recruitment process less onerous.
CLIENT - Head of Marketing & Administration @ a financial technology company
ARC have placed several research and software development professionals since 2006
Highly professional with excellent market knowledge. Recommended
CANDIDATE - seeking move from Investment Mngt into an IFA firm
Placed candidate into a Paraplanner role in Surrey/South London
Darren is by far the best recruitment consultant I have ever worked with. Was always on hand to answer my questions honestly and efficiently whilst being approachable and friendly. I cannot recommend Darren highly enough for anyone seeking a recruiter who will listen to your requirements and deliver.
CANDIDATE - A Marketing Comms Exec
Accepted a Senior Marketing Exec role with a leading product provider
Darren enabled me to secure a position in April 2011, following his advert on LinkedIn. He helped me with how to approach the interview stages, and gave examples of what questions I might be asked. He also provided regular updates and is a really friendly chap - highly recommended!
CANDIDATE - A PA/Paraplanner
Accepted an IFA Coordinator role with a retirements provider in Surrey
Darren helped me to secure a position with a leading life assurer in Surrey. What most impressed me was his simple yet extremely effective approach throughout, including interview preparation, answering questions and also providing me with helpful advice. Thank you once again Darren, you are very good at your job.
CANDIDATE - A maths related Graduate looking for an analytical role
Accepted a pensions related Analyst role in 2011
Darren helped me secure my job as a Sales Manager. I found Darren very helpful throughout, keeping me informed of progress and providing me with the insight, knowledge and details to properly prepare myself for the interviews
CANDIDATE - A Customer Services Manager
Accepted role as a Sales Manager in 2011 for one of the UK's top employers
Darren is always professional to deal with. He knows his market, is knowledgeable about the industry, finds the right person for the right job and makes it look easy. He keeps in touch over the years and doesnt put any pressure on. I would recommend Darren to anyone looking to recruit in Financial Services.
CLIENT - Sales Support Manager, Scottish Equitable (ARC also helped as a Candidate)
ARC placed sales support staff into their team in Sussex and also aided their own job search
I would not hesitate to recommend someone to Darren at ARC for their recruitment requirements. His knowledge and expertise sets him aside from the rest and he treats each case with care and enthusiasm. Whenever anyone asks if I know anyone I always suggest they contact Darren to help them
CANDIDATE - who later recruited IFA Admin staff as a client through ARC
Accepted an IFA Admin role after working as a Pensions Administrator in Surrey/Sussex
Darren kept me informed with every step of the process; providing excellent advice in preparation for interviews, and was attentive after the job interviews. In the end he guided me with the negotiations and I got the job and could not be happier. Highly recommended
CANDIDATE - A public health graduate in 2012
Accepted role as a Research Analyst within an underwriting unit in Surrey
Darren was a great asset in my job search. He provided friendly, positive and helpful advice, was in regular contact, constantly updating me on the application progress. There was very short notice for interview but I have never felt so well prepared. Thank you for all you have done!
CANDIDATE - An Analyst Programmer in 2012
Accepted a .net Developer role with a niche FS technology solutions consultancy
Darren is an excellent recruiter who intuitively knows the requirements of both client and candidate and is able to match them up accordingly. He kept me informed over the course of the process and was always on hand to answer any additional queries I had
CANDIDATE - A Pensions Associate Consultant looking for an analytical role in 2012
Accepted role as an Analyst for a pensions provider in Surrey
Darren was exceptional from the start of the recruitment process to it's conclusion. I was always kept informed, and when I needed guidance on particular issues, Darren's professional approach was invaluable. I would recommend his services withouth hesitation
CANDIDATE - A Ph.D Qualified Statistician
Accepted a Longevity Risk Analyst role with a leading life assurer in 2012
Darren contacted me about a software development opportunity at F&TRC and helped me secure the position. He maintained a friendly but professional attitude throughout the process which made him very easy to speak openly to. His communication was excellent and I would not hesitate to recommend Darren to others.
CANDIDATE - A Senior Software Developer
Accepted a .net Developer role with a niche FS technology solutions consultancy in 2012
Thank you so much for being so helpful and very quick in helping me find a job. Darren has made sure he has kept in contact making sure he communicates to me about an y upcoming job. I was actually lucky for the first job that he put me forward for, i was successful and will be starting next week. I am so grateful for people like Darren as it makes looking for a job in this time so easy and less stressful. I would recommend ARC and Darren highly and have already passed his details over to friends looking for work
CANDIDATE - A Customer Services Rep in London
Accepted a Calls Coordinator role with a Provider in Surrey
Darren has been a great help in finding me a new position. He has kept me informed throughout the whole process and was always on hand to answer any questions or queries I had.
I would highly recommend Darren, especially to any underwriters out there who are considering looking for a new role.
CANDIDATE - A Lancs based Medical Underwriter
Accepted a Home Working Underwriter role
I recently worked with Darren during my recruitment process.It was a pleasure to work with him, he was very helpful, responsive to all my questions and was able to quickly and effectively resolve all the issues I had.He proved very supportive throughout which resulted in me getting the job. I highly recommend him as an excellent consultant, Darren provided a consistent and trustworthy service, gaining a good understanding of my needs and objectives and worked professionally to assist me in achieving them.
CANDIDATE - A Marketing Communications Coordinator
Placed into a Marketing Consultant role for a City based provider in 2013
Having dealt with numerous Recruitment Agencies over the last six months, Darren was a breath of fresh air. Friendly yet professional, helpful and really made an effort to ensure I was fully aware of the role and company before and during the interview process. Can't recommend Darren and ARC highly enough.
CANDIDATE - A Senior Customer Services Trainer
Placed into a Technical Customer Service role with a major Fund Manager
I have experience with using different employment agencies and none are comparable to the service that Darren Snell provided, all communication was prompt, he actually cared about whether i got the job or not, provided all information (with more than enough time for preparation) I needed and gave me tips to help me be successful in applying for the role. He was always available any time I called and i greatly appreciate his services and would recommend anyone seeking employment to request him.
CANDIDATE - A Customer Services Associate
A graduate with banking experience placed with leading Fund Manager
ARC Consulting have changed my career for the better in more ways than one, through their impressive eye for talent and selection of oppurtunities that suit the candidate.
I have gone from an intern to full member of staff in three months, thanks to their ongoing support. The opppurtunities afforded to me have been amazing from start to finish, and now I'm settling into to a rewarding job with fantastic future prospects.
CANDIDATE - Recent graduate placed initially in an internship
Impressed hugely, then offered PERM Risk Analyst post
Arc have not only come to our rescue once, but twice! We have been incredibly impressed with the swift service provided and the level of candidates put forward. Finding suitable employees in our sector (Financial Planning) in our rural area can be very tough; but Darren and his team delivered. We also felt reassured that Arc were in constant contact with us and were able to update us and our candidates with accurate information all the way through the recruitment process. As and when we recruit in the future, we will certainly turn to Arc.
CLIENT - Only Chartered IFA business in Rutland
Asked ARC to find a Paraplanner and Trainee Paraplanner for their remote location
Darren was very helpful throughout the recruitment process. From giving me a detailed toolkit that brought me up to speed on my prospective employer, to giving me sartorial advice for interview day. I can honestly say Darren's dedicated service put me at an advantage and was a major reason why I'm now employed in one of the top investment management firms in the country.
CANDIDATE - Had moved back to the South-East, looking for a role with long-term opportunities
Accepted a role that mixes complaints investigations with technical query resolution
I have never had a recruiter so invested in your personal goals and your ideal salary! Darren absolutely smashed it, provided me with the perfect role, he had so much patience, he is attentive and he guided me through every single step! Best recruiter I've had and the best best best company to go with if you're serious about finding your perfect role! Darren is a credit to the company!
CANDIDATE - Looking for new challenge away from retail
Placed with Blue Chip employer in an Academy Client Services role
I had the best possible interview experience thanks to Darren. He's been very helpful, always responding immediately to my questions. He made sure I was properly prepared for the interview, shared his insight and experience about the company, provided me with all the necessary information, including detailed travel logistics! Thanks to Darren, I had the confidence to walk through the door and ace that interview. He's a recruiter you can trust.
CANDIDATE - Mortgage Administrator
Placed into a Trainee Paraplanner role with award winning Broker
Darren was a lovely recruiter to work with, he kept in contact with me frequently during my job search, and was always happy to listen to any concerns I had! I would highly recommend him and had a very positive experience.
CANDIDATE - Protection Administrator wanting to broaden horizons
Secured a role within a Wealth Management client as a Private Client Administrator
I would definitely recommend Darren, he was very honest and open with me from beginning to end. I never felt like he was demanding, my previous experiences with recruiters were not always constructive. Another thing I really appreciated was that Darren would always give me feedback no matter what the feedback was and respond to my queries in good time, without being chased. I felt he was always on my side, if you are looking for a recruiter that is patient and effective, you are in the right hands.
CANDIDATE - Was a temp online Mortgage Administrator looking for a perm role
Placed the candidate in a perm Mortgage Admin/Trainee Paraplanner role with a well known/respected Broker
Darren was extremely helpful when it came to finding me a role suited to my interests and guided me through the interview process start to finish - giving me confidence to secure the role (which I did). His around-the-clock availability and genuine keenness to see me prosper was the main reason why he was definitely the best recruiter I've come into contact with by far.
CANDIDATE - Wanted out of mainstream banking and into a more challenging/perm role
Helped secure a role exposing the candidate to both Mortgages and Savings products in a perm role that mixes admin with contact centre and prospects
This has been my first experience finding a job through a recruitment agency and Darren has been great! He was honest and extremely helpful the whole way through and made the process very easy. I was then fortunate enough to be offered a job within a week of even speaking with Darren for the first time. I would definitely recommend and come back to Darren again if required in the future.
CANDIDATE - Mortgage Administrator
Wanted to be part of a bigger office to help with long term progression
More Testimonials
Latest Tweets
Tweets by @ARC_Ltd