http://www.hbrentals.com/who-we-are/privacy
Privacy Policy - Information we collect and how we use it
Personal Information
You may choose to provide personal information (such as your name and email address) on this Web site ("Site"). For example, if you email us through the "Contact Us" link or any other company email address found on this Site you will be providing us with your name and email address and any additional information you may choose to disclose. If you would like to receive company news alerts from the Superior Investors Relations staff, we ask for your explicit consent together with your email address so we can send you the news alerts. Additionally, subject to giving your explicit prior consent, we occasionally may ask visitors to this Site to participate in an online survey. If you choose to participate in such a survey, you may be asked to provide your name and email address, as well as various personal and/or non-personal information.
Information We Share
We do not sell, share, rent or otherwise disclose personal information about our Site visitors, except where certain safeguards and contractual arrangements have been put in place. We only share personal information we hold with third parties, including but not limited to our service providers, if: (i) we have a lawful basis for doing so; (ii) sharing the information complies with our Privacy Notice(s) ; and (iii) the third party has agreed to comply with the required data security policies and procedures and put adequate security measures in place. HB Rentals reserves the right to share your information with its subsidiaries and affiliates if the recipient has a job-related need to know the information. We also reserve the right to transfer your information to any party or parties which may merge with or acquire all or substantially all of the assets or outstanding stock of Superior, provided the transfer is in compliance with the criteria outlined above.
HB Rentals ("HB") reserves the right to share your information with its subsidiaries and affiliates. We also reserve the right to transfer your information to any party or parties which may merge with or acquire all or substantially all of the assets or outstanding stock of Superior.
Information We Transfer
We may transfer the personal information we collect on this Site to other countries where we do business. Information on when international transfers may occur and how they are managed can be found in our Privacy Notice(s).
Links to Other Sites
HB contains links to other Web sites that may have different and even conflicting privacy policies from ours. We do our best to link to responsible sites, but we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these sites.
Children's Privacy
Although our Site is a general audience Web site that is not specifically designed for or targeted at children, the protection and safety of children is very important to HB and we therefore encourage parents and guardians to participate in and supervise the online activities of their children.
We do not knowingly collect, use or disseminate any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If, however, we become aware that personally identifiable information regarding a child under the age of 13 has been collected at our Site, we will remove that information from our systems.
How We Protect Personal Information
While HB takes every measure to protect your information, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of the information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically and without prior notice. We will post a prominent notice on this Site to notify you of any significant changes to our Privacy Policy.
Personal Information Changes
You may, at any time, review, update, or change your personal information by emailing or calling us. You may also exercise any of your rights under applicable data protection laws as explained in our Privacy Notice(s).
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, if you would like us to update the personal information we have on file for you or to exercise your legal rights in respect of your personal information, please contact us by:
Emailing dataprotection@superiorenergy.com or calling Superior Energy Services at 713-654-2200
Further information on data protection can be accessed here.
Menu
About HB Rentals
Our Mission and Vision
Our Values
Our History
Our Leadership
News
Events
Search our Jobs
Superior Energy Services
HB Rentals Contact Information
Corporate
Headquarters
5813 Highway 90 East
Broussard, LA 70518
USA
Phone: +1 337.839.1641
Toll Free: 800.262.6790
North and South
America
11330 Clay Road
Houston, TX 77041
USA
Toll Free: +1 866.999.0040
Fax: +1 281.999.6505
Europe, Middle East,
Africa
Howe Moss Drive
Kirkhill Industrial Estate
Dyce, Aberdeen AB21 0GL
Phone: +44 1224-772304
Fax: +44 1224-772641
Request a Quote
Follow Us
Find us on LinkedIn
Watch Us on YouTube