http://www.ausco.fprsi.com/contact/legal-disclosures
be_ixf; dotnet_sdk; dotnet_sdk_1.4.9 63 ms iy_2020; im_12; id_11; ih_02; imh_28; i_epoch:1607682487550 ixf-compiler; ixf-compiler_1.0.0.0 py_2020; pm_12; pd_09; ph_16; pmh_14; p_epoch:1607559277503
link-block-publisher; link-block-publisher_1.0.0.0; bodystr pn_tstr:Wed Dec 09 16:14:37 PST 2020; pn_epoch:1607559277503 0 ms
Contact Us
Legal Disclosures/Terms and Conditions
Company Licensing InformationThe products described in this web site (this “Web Site”) are provided by one or more of the following members of Great American Insurance Group (collectively “Great American”):Great American Insurance CompanyGreat American Insurance Company is an OH domiciled property and casualty insurance company, authorized in all states and the D.C., with its principal place of business at 301 E. Fourth St., Cincinnati, OH 45202, NAIC number 16691.Great American Insurance Company – Canadian Branch, a foreign insurer authorized to insure risks in all Canadian Provinces and Territories, located at Scotia Plaza, Suite 2100, 40 King Street West, Toronto, Ontario M5H 3C2.Great American Insurance Company – Singapore Branch, a licensed insurer in Singapore, located at 3 Temasek Avenue, #16-01 Centennial Tower, Singapore 039190. Registration number T15FC0029B.Great American Alliance Insurance CompanyGreat American Alliance Insurance Company is an OH domiciled property and casualty insurance company, authorized in all states and the D.C., with its principal place of business at 301 E. Fourth St., Cincinnati, OH 45202, NAIC number 26832.Great American Assurance CompanyGreat American Assurance Company is an OH domiciled property and casualty insurance company, authorized in all states and the D.C., with its principal place of business at 301 E. Fourth St., Cincinnati, OH 45202, NAIC number 26344.Great American Casualty Insurance CompanyGreat American Casualty Insurance Company is an OH domiciled property and casualty insurance company, authorized in AL, FL, IN, KY, LA, MD, MO, OH, TN and TX, with its principal place of business at 301 E. Fourth St., Cincinnati, OH 45202, NAIC number
39896.
Great American Contemporary Insurance CompanyGreat American Contemporary Insurance Company is an OH domiciled property and casualty insurance company, authorized in AZ, CA, FL, IL, IN, KY, MD, MO, NY, NC, OH and WA, with its principal place of business at 301 E. Fourth St., Cincinnati, OH 45202,
NAIC number 10646.Great American E & S Insurance CompanyGreat American E & S Insurance Company is an OH domiciled surplus lines insurance company, eligible to underwrite surplus lines insurance in all states and the D.C., with its principal place of business at 301 E. Fourth St., Cincinnati, OH 45202, NAIC
number 37532.Great American Fidelity Insurance CompanyGreat American Fidelity Insurance Company is an OH domiciled surplus lines insurance company, eligible to underwrite surplus lines insurance in all states and the D.C., with its principal place of business at 301 E. Fourth St., Cincinnati, OH 45202, NAIC
number 41858.Great American Insurance Company of New YorkGreat American Insurance Company of New York is an OH domiciled property and casualty insurance company, authorized in all states and the D.C., with its principal place of business at 301 E. Fourth St., Cincinnati, OH 45202, NAIC number 22136.Great American Lloyd's Insurance CompanyGreat American Lloyd’s Insurance Company is a TX domiciled property and casualty insurance company, authorized in the State of TX only, with its principal place of business at 301 E. Fourth St., Cincinnati, OH 45202, NAIC number 38024.Great American Protection Insurance CompanyGreat American Protection Insurance Company is an OH domiciled property and casualty insurance company, authorized in CA, IN, KY, MS, OH and WA only, and eligible to underwrite surplus lines insurance in all other states except in CO, CT, FL, LA, ME,
MN, NV, NH, NY, OK, RI and VT, with its principal place of business at 301 E. Fourth St., Cincinnati, OH 45202, NAIC number 38580.Great American Security Insurance CompanyGreat American Security Insurance Company is an OH domiciled property and casualty insurance company, authorized in all states and the D.C., with its principal place of business at 301 E. Fourth St., Cincinnati, OH 45202, NAIC number 31135.Great American Spirit Insurance CompanyGreat American Spirit Insurance Company is an OH domiciled property and casualty insurance company, authorized in all states and the D.C., with its principal place of business at 301 E. Fourth St., Cincinnati, OH 45202, NAIC number 33723.American Empire Insurance CompanyAmerican Empire Insurance Company is an OH domiciled property and casualty insurance company, authorized in all states and the D.C. except in ME, MA, NH, PA, and VT, and eligible to only underwrite surplus lines insurance in HI and PA, with its principal
place of business at 301 E. Fourth St., Cincinnati, OH 45202, NAIC number 37990.American Empire Surplus Lines Insurance CompanyAmerican Empire Surplus Lines Insurance Company is an OH domiciled surplus lines insurance company, eligible to underwrite surplus lines insurance in all states and the D.C., with its principal place of business at 301 E. Fourth St., Cincinnati, OH 45202,
NAIC number 35351.Mid-Continent Assurance CompanyMid-Continent Assurance Company is an OH domiciled property and casualty insurance company, authorized in CT, DE, FL, ID, LA, MA, MD, ME, MO, NE, ND, NS, NH, NJ, NV, OH, OK, PA, RI, TX, VA, WV, and WI only, with its principal place of business at 1437 S. Boulder Ave., Suite 200, Tulsa, OK 74119,
NAIC number 15380.Mid-Continent Casualty CompanyMid-Continent Casualty Company is an OH domiciled property and casualty insurance company, authorized in all states except in AK, CA,
HI, NJ, NY and VT, with its principal place of business at 1437 S. Boulder Ave., Suite 200,
Tulsa, OK 74119, NAIC number 23418.Mid-Continent Excess and Surplus Insurance CompanyMid-Continent Excess and Surplus Insurance Company is an OH domiciled surplus lines insurance company, eligible to underwrite surplus lines insurance in all states and the D.C. except in CA, NY and WA, with its principal place of business at 1437 S. Boulder
Ave., Suite 200, Tulsa, OK 74119, NAIC number 13794.Oklahoma Surety CompanyOklahoma Surety Company is an OH domiciled property and casualty insurance company, authorized in the States of AR, KS, LA, OH, OK and TX only, with its principal place of business at 1437 S. Boulder Ave., Suite 200, Tulsa, OK 74119, NAIC number 23426.National Interstate Insurance CompanyNational Interstate Insurance Company is an OH domiciled property and casualty insurance company, authorized in all states and the D.C., with its principal place of business at 3250 Interstate Dr., Richfield, OH 44286, NAIC number 32620.National Interstate Insurance Company of Hawaii, Inc.National Interstate Insurance Company of Hawaii is an OH domiciled property and casualty insurance company, authorized in HI, MI, NJ and OH only, with its principal place of business at 3250 Interstate Dr., Richfield, OH 44286, NAIC number 11051.Triumphe Casualty CompanyTriumphe Casualty Company is an OH domiciled property and casualty insurance company, authorized in all states and the D.C. except in MI, NJ, NY and WY, with its principal place of business at 3250 Interstate Dr., Richfield, OH 44286, NAIC number
41106.
Vanliner Insurance CompanyVanliner Insurance Company is a MO domiciled property and casualty insurance company, authorized in all states and the D.C., with its principal place of business at One Premier Dr., Fenton, MO 63026, NAIC number 21172.Bridgefield Casualty Insurance CompanyBridgefield Casualty Insurance Company is a FL domiciled property and casualty insurance company, authorized in AL, AR, FL, GA, IN, KY, LA, MS, NC, OK, SC, TN and TX, with its principal place of business at 2310 Commerce Point Dr., Lakeland, FL 33801, NAIC
number 10335.Bridgefield Employers Insurance CompanyBridgefield Employers Insurance Company is a FL domiciled property and casualty insurance company, authorized in AL, AR, FL, GA, IN, KY, LA, MS, NC, OK, SC, TN and TX, with its principal place of business at 2310 Commerce Point Dr., Lakeland, FL 33801, NAIC
number 10701.Republic Indemnity Company of AmericaRepublic Indemnity Company of America is a CA domiciled property and casualty insurance company, authorized in all states and the D.C. except in CT, MA, MN, NH, NJ, NY, ND, PA, VT and WY, with its principal place of business at 15821 Ventura Blvd., Suite
370, Encino, CA 91436, NAIC number 22179.Republic Indemnity Company of CaliforniaRepublic Indemnity Company of California is a CA domiciled property and casualty insurance company, authorized in all states and the D.C. except in CT, FL, ME, MA, MN, NH, NJ, NY, ND, PA, VT, VA and WY, with its principal place of business at 15821 Ventura
Blvd., Suite 370, Encino, CA 91436, NAIC number 43753.El Aguila, Compañía de Seguros, S.A. de C.V.El Aguila, Compañía de Seguros, S.A. de C.V. is an insurer duly authorized in Mexico pursuant to the Insurance and Surety Institutions Law, with its principal place of business at Avenida Insurgentes Sur 1106, Piso 1, Col. Tlacoquemecatl.,
Delegación Benito Juarez, C.P. 03200, Ciudad de Mexico.GAI Insurance Company, Ltd. GAI Insurance Company, Ltd. is a Bermuda reinsurance company, authorized in Bermuda, with its principal place of business at 22 Victoria St., Hamilton, Bermuda HM 12.Eden Park Insurance Brokers, Inc.Eden Park Insurance Brokers, Inc. is a CA domiciled insurance agency with its principal place of business at 725 S. Figueroa St., Suite 3400, Los Angeles, CA 90017.Professional Risk Brokers, Inc.Professional Risk Brokers, Inc. is a NC domiciled insurance agency with its principal place of business at 11325 North Community House Rd., Suite 200, Charlotte, NC 28277.GAI Warranty CompanyGAI Warranty Company is an OH domiciled corporation with its principal place of business at 301 E. Fourth St., Cincinnati, OH 45202.GAI Warranty Company of FloridaGAI Warranty Company of Florida is a FL domiciled corporation with its principal place of business at 301 E. Fourth St., Cincinnati, OH 45202.Great American Insurance Agency, Inc.Great American Insurance Agency, Inc. is an OH domiciled insurance agency with its principal place of business at 301 E. Fourth St., Cincinnati, OH 45202.Premier Lease & Loan Services Insurance Agency, Inc.Premier Lease & Loan Insurance Services Insurance Agency, Inc. is a WA domiciled insurance agency with its principal place of business at 301 E. Fourth St., Cincinnati, OH 45202.Premier Lease & Loan Insurance Services of Canada, Inc.Premier Lease & Loan Insurance Services of Canada, Inc. is a WA domiciled insurance agency with its principal place of business at 301 E. Fourth St., Cincinnati, OH 45202.Summit Consulting, LLCSummit Consulting, LLC is a FL domiciled managing general agency with its principal place of business at 2310 Commerce Point Dr., Lakeland, FL 33801.PLLS Canada Insurance Brokers, Inc.PLLS Canada Insurance Brokers, Inc. is a Toronto, Canada domiciled insurance agency with its principal place of business at First Canadian Place, 100 King Street West, Suite 5700, Toronto, Canada M5X 1C7.Annuity Investors Life Insurance CompanyAnnuity Investors Life Insurance Company is an OH domiciled life and health insurance company, authorized in all states and the D.C. except in NY and VT, with its principal place of business at 301 E. Fourth St., Cincinnati, OH 45202, NAIC number 93661.Great American Life Insurance CompanyGreat American Life Insurance Company is an OH domiciled life and health insurance company, authorized in all states and the D.C. except in NY, with its principal place of business at 301 E. Fourth St., Cincinnati, OH 45202, NAIC number 63312.Manhattan National Life Insurance CompanyManhattan National Life Insurance Company is an OH domiciled life and health insurance company, authorized in all states and the D.C. except in NY, with its principal place of business at 301 E. Fourth St., Cincinnati, OH 45202, NAIC number 67083.All insurance products referred to in this Web Site are subject to availability and qualifications. Not all companies are licensed in all jurisdictions. Not all products are available in all jurisdictions. The materials available through this Web Site
do not constitute an offer of any product in any jurisdiction. Licensing information current as of March 2020.Web Site Usage Agreement Terms and ConditionsThis Web Site contains links to our affiliates’ web sites. The terms and conditions contained in affiliates’ web sites supersede these terms and conditions for purposes of that affiliate’s web site and that affiliate’s customers,
potential customers and claimants.This Web Site is the property of Great American. This page sets forth the terms and conditions under which Great American provides the information on this Web Site, as well as the terms and conditions governing your use of the Web Site. By making use
of this Web Site, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions that appear here. These terms and conditions are subject to updating at any time without notice. Changes to the terms and conditions take effect when posted to the Web Site.IF AT ANY TIME YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, DO NOT ACCESS THE WEB SITE OR ANY OF ITS PAGES.Copyright / Trademark© Copyright 2000-2020 Great American Insurance Company. All rights reserved. No part of the materials made available may be stored, recorded, reproduced, photocopied or transmitted, in any form or by any means without prior written approval. The
service marks used within this Web Site are the property of Great American, including but not limited to the Great American eagle logo and the word marks "Great American" and "Great American Insurance Group" as well as the names of various products
and services described within and offered by Great American. For a non-exhaustive list of all service marks owned by Great American, click here.JurisdictionUse of this Web Site is governed by the laws of the state of Ohio, USA other than laws governing conflicts of laws. The exclusive venue for the resolution of any related dispute is a court of competent jurisdiction in Hamilton County, Ohio, USA.EnforceabilityIf any part of these terms and conditions are invalidated by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalid provision(s) are deleted and the remaining provisions are not affected and remain valid and enforceable in accordance with the express terms thereof.Loss PreventionThe information presented in this Web Site is intended to provide guidance and is not intended as a legal interpretation of any jurisdictions laws, rules or regulations applicable to your business. The loss prevention information provided is intended
only to assist policyholders in the management of potential loss producing conditions involving their premises and/or operations based on generally accepted safe practices. In providing such information, Great American does not warrant that all potential
hazards or conditions have been evaluated or can be controlled. It is not intended as an offer to write insurance for such conditions or exposures. The liability of Great American is limited to the terms, limits and conditions of the insurance policies
underwritten by the members of Great American.Products Availability – All Products and ServicesThe information and descriptions of products and services contained in this Web Site are intended as general information and do not contain all of the terms, conditions, limits and exclusions applicable to the products and services offered by Great American.
Great American may make improvements and/or changes in the products, services and/or programs described on this Web Site at any time without notice.None of the information and descriptions contained in this Web Site should be viewed as an offer to sell or as a solicitation to purchase any of Great American’s products or services. Availability of the products and services described varies by
jurisdiction. This is not intended as a solicitation or offer to sell an insurance product in a jurisdiction in which the solicitation, offer, sale or purchase thereof would be unlawful.The contents of this Web Site, and the information and descriptions of the products and services contained in this Web Site do not constitute investment or financial advice, and should not be used as a substitute for professional advice, assessment and
evaluation, or the basis for making any specific investment, business or commercial decision. You should at all times consult your professional advisers and obtain independent verification of such information and data before making any decision based
thereon.
Nothing in this Web Site and/or made available through the products and services shall be considered or construed on the part of Great American as giving any advice in respect of shares, stocks, bonds, notes, interests, unit trusts, mutual funds or other
securities, investments, loans, advances, credits, insurance or deposits in any jurisdiction.This Web Site does not amend, modify or supplement any insurance policy. Your eligibility for particular products and services is subject to final determination of underwriting qualifications and acceptance by Great American.Products Availability - Property & CasualtyThis Web Site does not make any representation that coverage does or does not exist for any particular claim or loss, or type of claim or loss, under any such policy. Whether coverage exists or does not exist for any particular claim or loss under any
such policy depends on the facts and circumstances involved in the claim or loss and all applicable policy wording. The precise coverage afforded is subject to the terms, conditions, limits and exclusions of the policies as issued and may vary from
the general, summarized coverage descriptions in this Web Site. Refer to the actual policy for a full description of applicable terms, conditions, limits and exclusions. In the event of a discrepancy between the descriptions on the Web Site and the
insurance policy, the insurance policy shall control.Third Party SitesThis Web Site may contain links to other internet sites ("third-party sites") that are not maintained by Great American. These links are provided solely for your convenience. Great American makes no warranties or representations about and disclaims any
responsibility for the contents of any products or services offered in such third-party sites. Any reference to a linked site or any specific product or service by name does not constitute or imply its endorsement by Great American.Warranties DisclaimersThe materials contained in this Web Site and in linked sites directly or indirectly accessible from this Web Site are provided without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to all implied warranties of merchantability
or fitness for a particular purpose, title or non-infringement. Great American does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or availability of the content of this Web Site or any portal or service promoted on this Web Site.SubmissionsAll information that you submit to Great American via this Web Site shall be deemed, and remain, the property of Great American. To the extent any information submitted to Great American via this Web Site includes any intellectual property; you hereby
assign it to Great American. Great American shall be free to use, for any purpose, any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in information a visitor to this Web Site provides through this Web Site. Great American shall not be subject
to any obligations regarding such information except as expressly indicated in any applicable Privacy Statement(s) contained within the Web Site, agreed to by Great American having the direct customer relationship with the person providing the information,
otherwise specifically agreed to in a separate writing, or if required by law. You further recognize that Great American does not want you to provide, and prohibits you from providing, any information or material to Great American that is defamatory,
threatening, obscene, harassing, or otherwise unlawful, or that incorporates the proprietary material of another person or entity. Great American reserves the right to refuse to post material on the Web Site or to remove material already posted on
the Web Site.PrivacyYou agree that we may collect, use, and disclose the information you provide on this website in accordance with the terms of the Great American Insurance Group Privacy Policy.IndemnityTo the fullest extent permissible by applicable law, you agree to indemnify and hold Great American, its officers, directors, shareholders, predecessors, successors in interest, employees, agents, subsidiaries and affiliates, harmless from any demands,
loss, liability, claims or expenses (including attorneys’ fees), made against Great American by any third party due to or arising out of, or in connection with, your use of the Web Site.TerminationWe may, in our sole discretion, terminate or suspend your access to all or part of this Web Site and its contents for any reason, including, without limitation, your breach of these Terms and Conditions.Service MarksService Marks Owned by Great American.Jurisdiction Specific Terms and ConditionsIf there is any inconsistency between the Web Site Usage Agreement Terms and Conditions and the Jurisdictional Specific Terms and Conditions, the Jurisdictional Terms and Conditions shall apply.For Customers, Potential Customers or Claimants of our Canadian OperationsAll terms of the Web Site Usage Agreement Terms and Conditions apply to customers, potential customers and claimants of Great American’s Canadian operations, except as modified below:Products AvailabilityYou acknowledge and agree that any information included on the Web Site, which relates to Great American’s insurance business, products and/or services offered outside Canada: (a) is directed at persons outside Canada; and (b) shall not be acted
on by persons in Canada.Jurisdiction and EnforceabilityUse of this Web Site is governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein, other than laws governing conflicts of laws. The exclusive venue for the resolution of any related dispute is a court of competent
jurisdiction in the City of Toronto, Ontario. If any part of these terms and conditions are invalidated by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalid provision(s) are deleted and the remaining provisions are not affected and remain valid and enforceable
in accordance with the express terms thereof.Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to these Terms and Conditions or the Web Site must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises or such claim or cause of action shall be barred.Great American reserves the right to seek all remedies available at law and in equity for violations of these Terms and Conditions and/or the rules and regulations set forth on this Web Site, including without limitation the right to block access from
a particular internet address.If any provision of these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed unlawful by a court of law, then the impugned provision shall be deemed severed and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. These Terms and Conditions
constitute the entire agreement between you and Great American in connection with your use of the Web Site.For Customers, Potential Customers or Claimants of our Mexico OperationsGreat American División Daños MéxicoAll terms of the Web Site Usage Agreement Terms and Conditions apply to customers, potential customers and claimants of Great American División Daños México, except as modified below:PrivacyYou agree that we may collect, use and disclose any information that you provide in accordance with the terms of our Privacy Policy.Products AvailabilityGeneral terms and conditions of standard form non-negotiable insurance available in this Web Site have been registered with the Mexican National Insurance and Bonding Commission (Comisión Nacional de Seguros y Fianzas). Refer to your actual
policy for a full description of applicable terms, conditions limits and exclusions.You acknowledge and agree that any information included on the Web Site, which relates to Great American’s insurance business, products and/or services offered outside of Mexico: (a) is directed at persons outside of Mexico; and (b) shall not be
acted on by persons in Mexico.Disclosure RequirementsEl Aguila Compañía de Seguros, S.A. de C.V. discloses to the public information required under applicable regulations for market discipline and transparency purposes.El Aguila Compañía de Seguros – AutoPlease visit https://www.elaguila.com.mx/es/Home.For Customers, Potential Customers or Claimants of our Singapore Operations All terms of the Web Site Usage Agreement Terms and Conditions apply to customers, potential customers and claimants of Great American’s Singapore operations, except as modified below:Products AvailabilityYou acknowledge and agree that any information included on the Web Site, which relates to Great American’s insurance business, products and/or services offered outside Singapore: (a) is directed at persons outside Singapore; and (b) shall not be
acted on by persons in Singapore.Jurisdiction and EnforceabilityUse of this Web Site is governed by the laws of Singapore, other than laws governing conflicts of laws. The exclusive venue for the resolution of any related dispute is a court of competent jurisdiction in Singapore. If any part of these terms and conditions
are invalidated by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalid provision(s) are deleted and the remaining provisions are not affected and remain valid and enforceable in accordance with the express terms thereof.A person who is not a party to these terms and conditions shall have no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act (Cap. 53B) to enforce any term of these terms and conditions.For Customers, Potential Customers or Claimants of our United States OperationsAll terms of the Web Site Usage Agreement Terms and Conditions apply to customers, potential customers and claimants of Great American’s United States operations, except as modified below:Products AvailabilityYou acknowledge and agree that any information included on the Web Site, which relates to Great American’s insurance business, products and/or services offered outside of the United States: (a) is directed at persons outside of the United States;
and (b) shall not be acted on by persons in the United States.Surplus LinesSurplus lines insurers do not generally participate in State Guaranty Funds and thus insureds are not protected by State Guaranty Funds. The surplus lines market is a brokered market providing flexibility in rate and form to meet customer needs for high
risk and specialized insurance products. The surplus lines information on this Web Site is designed to provide general information for insurance professionals only and does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation. Any inquiries regarding
the surplus lines insurance should be directed through licensed insurance professionals.Disclaimer Applicable to Multi-Peril Crop Insurance Products Offered on This Web SiteThe U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and where applicable,
political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in employment or in any program or activity
conducted or funded by the Department. (Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment activities.) Great American Insurance Company is an equal opportunity provider.To File a Program ComplaintIf you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form, found online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html,
or at any USDA office, or call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form or letter by mail to the U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director,
Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue, S.W., Washington, D.C. 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov.Persons with DisabilitiesIndividuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and wish to file either an EEO or program complaint please contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish). Persons with disabilities,
who wish to file a program complaint, please see information above on how to contact the Department by mail directly or by email. If you require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.)
please contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).Contact InformationFor more information, contact the RMA Civil Rights Office at 202-690-3578 (main line).Important Disclosures about Great American Annuity ProductsAnnuity products are issued by Great American Life Insurance Company and Annuity Investors Life Insurance Company.  All guarantees are based on the financial strength and claims paying ability of the issuing insurance company, which is solely responsible
for all obligations under its policies.Variable and structured annuity products are sold by prospectus which you should read carefully before investing.  Both the product prospectus and underlying fund prospectuses for variable annuities can be obtained from your investment professional
and may be available online.  These documents contain information regarding risks, charges, expenses and other important matters.No security or annuity product is offered or will be sold in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation would be unlawful under the laws of the jurisdiction.  Some products, product features or underlying investment options many not be
available in all states.For Customers, Potential Customers or Claimants of our non-U.K., E.U. OperationsGreat American International Insurance (EU) DACPlease visit https://www.greatamericaneu.comFor Customers, Potential Customers or Claimants of our U.K. OperationsGreat American International Insurance (UK) LimitedPlease visit https://www.greatamericanuk.comNeon Underwriting LimitedPlease visit https://www.neonuw.com/
be_ixf; dotnet_sdk; dotnet_sdk_1.4.9 https://www.greatamericaninsurancegroup.com:80/contact/legal-disclosures https://ixf2-api.bc0a.com/api/ixf/1.0.0/get_capsule/f00000000090316/0523327565?client=dotnet_sdk&client_version=1.4.9&orig_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.greatamericaninsurancegroup.com%3A80%2Fcontact%2Flegal-disclosures&base_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.greatamericaninsurancegroup.com%2Fcontact%2Flegal-disclosures&user_agent=Python-urllib%2F3.8 https://www.greatamericaninsurancegroup.com/contact/legal-disclosures sdk.environment=production;sdk.charset=UTF-8;api.endpoint=https://ixf2-api.bc0a.com;sdk.account=f00000000090316;sdk.connectTimeout=2000;sdk.socketTimeout=2000;sdk.crawlerConnectTimeout=10000;sdk.crawlerSocketTimeout=10000;whitelist.parameter.list=ixf;flat.file=true;sdk.proxyPort=3128;sdk.proxyProtocol=http;crawler.useragents=google|bingbot|msnbot|slurp|duckduckbot|baiduspider|yandexbot|sogou|exabot|facebot|ia_archiver;forcedirectapi.parameter.list=ixf-api|ixf;capsule.mode=remote.prod.capsule;page.independent=false;sdk.proxyHost=squid.td.afg;canonical.host=www.greatamericaninsurancegroup.com;canonical.protocol=https