http://www.amdpi.com/privacy-policy
American Dental Partners, Inc. (“ADPI” or “we”) takes your privacy seriously. This Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) describes how we collect, use, share and protect information about you, as well as the choices you may make about how we use this information.
ADPI is committed to protecting the information you share with us, and we will not use your information in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement without your permission.  This Privacy Policy includes and incorporates the ADPI Terms of Use.  Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning assigned to them in the Terms of Use, which can be found at http://www.amdpi.com/terms-of-use.
The Policy applies to information we collect and use about you solely in connection with our Site.  This Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties, or to individuals that ADPI does not employ.  We may offer links to third-party websites or services through our Site.  This Policy does not apply to information that you may provide to or that may be collected by third parties.  We encourage you to request such third parties to provide you with their applicable privacy policies and other terms and conditions before participating in their services or making a purchase.
What Information Do We Collect?
Our primary purpose in collecting personal information (as defined below) is to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient and customized experience using our Site.  When such information can be used to personally identify you, it is treated as personal information under this Privacy Policy.  However, “personal information” does not include “aggregated” or “de-identified” information that cannot be used to personally identify you.
We collect and store information, including personal information, that you provide to us whether directly or through a third party when you fill out a form, or submit a resume on our Site or direct a third party service provider to submit your information related to a job opening posted on our Site; such forms include fields for you to provide us with your name, address, phone numbers, e-mail address, date of birth, gender and other information, and if you choose to submit your resume through our careers page, any information contained on your resume that you submit to us.  If you submit information to us through a third party as set forth above, we will use, store and disclose information that we receive about you from such third party in accordance with this Policy.
We may also collect and store non-personally identifiable information that is automatically generated when you use our Site.  We use this information to do internal research on our users’ demographics, interests and behavior to better understand, protect and serve you and our community.
When you visit our Site or open one of our emails, we may automatically collect information about you using tracking technology, including Internet Protocol address (“IP Address”), a unique device or user ID, system and browser type, the referring website address, the content and pages that you access on the Site, and the dates and times that you visit our Site.  We use technology, including cookies (a piece of data that is placed on your computer when you visit a website), web beacons, and other similar technology to automatically collect certain information, as described above, that we use for system administration, troubleshooting and identifying you when you open our e-mail or visit our Site through your computer or mobile device so we can enhance your online experience and make our advertising more relevant.  Further, we may offer certain features that are only available through the use of this technology.  If you would like to opt out of marketing emails, please see “What Choices Do You Have About Your Information” below.
We may use third-party software and services to assist us in analysis, auditing, research, and reporting with respect to the Site and to serve ads on our Site and implement e-mail marketing campaigns. These third parties may use web logs or web beacons, and they may set and access cookies on your computer or other device.  In particular, we use Neptune Web Automated Marketing Tool  and Google Analytics to help collect and analyze certain information for the purposes discussed in this Policy.  You may opt out of the use of cookies by Google Analytics at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.   You can set your browser to accept or reject cookies and to disable other tracking technology.  The third-party sites may also provide additional opt-out methods.  However, if you choose to block or delete cookies, certain features of the Site may not operate correctly.
Our privacy statement does not cover the use of cookies by others, including, without limitation, our partners, affiliates, tracking utility company and service providers. We do not have access or control over these cookies.
How Do We Use and Share Your Information?
ADPI does not sell your personal information to third parties.  ADPI will only use and share your information as described in this policy. Specifically, ADPI may use and share the information we collect about you as follows:
We may use submitted information for the purposes for which you provided the information;
We may use your contact information and information you submit regarding your preferences to provide you with offers that may be of interest to you;
We may communicate with you about products and services we offer;
We may analyze the use of or improve our products and services;
We may share your information with our affiliates or third-party service providers who work on behalf of or with ADPI and agree to abide by appropriate confidentiality obligations;
We may provide your information to any company who may purchase some or all of ADPI’s assets in the future or in connection with a merger, sale of capital stock or assets, reorganization, consolidation or similar transaction; provided that such entity must agree to continue to handle such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy; and
We may enforce the incorporated ADPI Terms of Use to comply with legal obligations and otherwise manage our business.
We may use and disclose non-personally identifiable information to third-party partners in furtherance of our business arrangements with them, including without limitation to jointly offer a product or service to you or create interoperability between our products and services and the products and services of such partners.   We may provide advertisers and other third parties with aggregated, non-identifiable information about our user base and its usage patterns.
How Do We Protect Your Information?
We work to protect your information by using appropriate technical, administrative and physical procedures to protect personal information from loss, misuse or alteration.
When we share your information with third-party service providers as described above, we only provide those third parties with the information necessary to perform the applicable service.  We cannot, however, ensure or guarantee the security of any information you send to us, and you do so at your own risk.
What Choices Do You Have About Your Information?
You may choose to:
stop receiving promotional materials from ADPI by mail, telephone or e-mail; and
update and correct your personal information.
You may contact us to make any of the choices listed above by:
sending an e-mail to us at privacy@amdpi.com and explaining your choice; or
providing written notification to us at the address in the Contact Us section below and explaining your choice.
You may also opt-out of promotional e-mails by using the “Unsubscribe” link in the applicable e-mail.
Under rare circumstances, ADPI may need to contact some or all users to make an important announcement about the Site or service changes.  You may not unsubscribe or “opt-in/opt-out” of these announcements because they may contain very important information.
How Do You Correct or Update Your Information?
You may change certain personal information or request that we delete your personal information by sending an e-mail to us at privacy@amdpi.com, or by providing written notification to us by mail at the address in the Contact Us section below.  Please include your current contact information, the information you are interested in accessing, and your requested changes.  We will provide access and make the changes you request, or provide an explanation of what actions we will be able to make in response to your request.
If you ask us to delete your personal information, we may need to retain a record of certain personal information to comply with applicable federal, state or local law.
Other Sites
Our Site may include links to websites operated by other companies, which may or may not be co-branded.  ADPI is not responsible for the privacy practices of websites or other services operated by third parties that are linked to or integrated with our services or for the privacy practices of any third party. Once you leave our Site via such a link, access a third-party application or click on a third-party offer, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third-party or advertiser site to determine, among other things, how they will handle any personal information they collect from you.
Information About Children
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.  We do not knowingly provide personal information about children to any third party except in accordance with other sections of this privacy policy and the Pharmacy Privacy Notice.
If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 and believe he or she has disclosed personally identifiable information to us, please contact us at privacy@amdpi.com.  A parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 may review and request deletion of the child’s personally identifiable information on our servers and prohibit its use.
Changes in this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post the changes here and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of the changes.  We will treat your continued use of the Site following such notice as your acceptance of the changes.  However, to the extent required by law, we will seek your affirmative consent prior to applying material changes to this Privacy Policy on how we use or disclose personally identifiable information with respect to information we collected or received prior to the date of the change.
Reporting
Any improper collection or misuse of information in violation of this privacy policy or the ADPI Terms of Use should be reported by e-mail to privacy@amdpi.com.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding ADPI’s Privacy Policy or practices, you may e-mail us at privacy@amdpi.com or write us at:
American Dental Partners, Inc.
401 Edgewater Place
Suite 430
Wakefield, MA 01880
Copyright © 2015, American Dental Partners, Inc.  All Rights Reserved.
Version: August 11, 2015