http://www.cicu.com/terms-of-use/
Website Terms of Use
The Central Illinois Credit Union Website is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein. Your use of the Central Illinois Credit Union Website constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions, and notices.
Modification of these terms of use:
Central Illinois Credit Union reserves the right to change the terms, conditions, and notices under which the Central Illinois Credit Union Site/Services are offered. You are responsible for regularly reviewing these terms and conditions and additional terms. Your continued use of the Central Illinois Credit Union Site/Services constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions, and notices.
Personal and non-commercial use limitation:
Unless otherwise specified, the Central Illinois Credit Union Site is for your personal and non-commercial use. You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, software, products, or services obtained from the Central Illinois Credit Union site.
Links to third party sites:
The Central Illinois Credit Union Site/Services may contain links to third party websites, "Linked Sites." The Linked Sites are not under the control of Central Illinois Credit Union and Central Illinois Credit Union is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. Central Illinois Credit Union is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any Linked Site nor is Central Illinois Credit Union responsible if the Linked Site is not working appropriately. Central Illinois Credit Union is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Central Illinois Credit Union of the site or any association with its operators. You are responsible for viewing and abiding by the privacy statements and terms of use posted at the Linked Sites. Any dealings with third parties, including advertisers included within the Central Illinois Credit Union Site/Services or participation in promotions, including the delivery of and the payment for goods and services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings or promotions, are solely between you and the advertiser or other third party. Central Illinois Credit Union shall not be responsible or liable for any part of any such dealings or promotions.
No unlawful or prohibited use:
As a condition of your use of the Central Illinois Credit Union Site/Services, you will not use the Central Illinois Credit Union Site/Services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices. You may not use the Central Illinois Credit Union Site/Services in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any Central Illinois Credit Union Site/Service(s) or the network(s) connected to any Central Illinois Credit Union Site/Service(s) or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of any Central Illinois Credit Union Site/Service(s). You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any Central Illinois Credit Union Site/Service, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to any Central Illinois Credit Union Site/Service through hacking, password mining, or any other means. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available through the Central Illinois Credit Union Sites/Services.
Termination/Access Restriction:
Central Illinois Credit Union reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the Central Illinois Credit Union Site/Services and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice. Central Illinois Credit Union may also terminate or suspend your access to Central Illinois Credit Union Site/Services for inactivity, which is defined as failing to log into a particular service for an extended period of time, as determined by Central Illinois Credit Union. Upon termination of the Central Illinois Credit Union Site/Service, your right to use the Central Illinois Credit Union Site/Service immediately ceases. Central Illinois Credit Union shall have no obligation to maintain any content or to forward any unread or unsent messages to you or any third party.
Copyright and trademark notices
All contents of the Central Illinois Credit Union Website are © 2005–2017 Central Illinois Credit Union and/or its suppliers, 2106 W John St, Champaign, IL 61826.
All brand, logos, or product names are or may be trademarks of and are used to identify products and services of their respective owners. Any image that is claimed to be in violation of intellectual property infringement or the legal rights of any person or entity will be removed promptly upon notification.
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
×
You are now leaving Central Illinois Credit Union's website.
Central Illinois Credit Union does not operate the site you are about to visit and is not responsible for the content, nor any transactions performed on this website.
Please note that privacy and security policies may differ from those practiced by Central Illinois Credit Union.
Go to
Cancel