https://www.novasteel.ca/en/privacy
Terms of Use
Introduction
Welcome to the Website of Nova (www.novasteel.ca). Your use of our Website indicates your agreement with the following Terms of Use. If you do not agree to be bound by and comply with these Terms of Use, please do not access or use this Website.
Intellectual property notice
This Nova Website, including any content appearing on or accessible through the site, is protected by copyright. Any adaptation, reproduction or distribution thereof is hereby strictly prohibited unless expressly authorized.
Exclusion of Liability
Nova does not warrant the accuracy, relevance or reliability of this Website's contents, nor does it guarantee that the contents will be available without errors or omissions. The information contained in this Website shall in no circumstances be construed as a legal opinion and Nova is not responsible for any usage thereof.
Nova endeavours to provide current and accurate information on the Website. However, misprints, errors, inaccuracies, omissions (including incorrect specifications for products) or other errors may sometimes occur. Nova cannot guarantee that products and services advertised on the Website will be available when ordered or thereafter. Nova does not warrant that the content of the Website including, without limitation, product descriptions or photographs, is accurate or complete.
Nova reserves the right to: (a) correct any error, inaccuracy or omission at any time without prior notice or liability to you or any other person; (b) change at any time the products and services advertised or made available for sale on the Website, the prices, fees, charges and specifications of such products and services, any promotional offers and any other Website content without any notice or liability to you or any other person; (c) reject, correct, cancel or terminate any order, including accepted orders for any reason and (d) limit quantities available for sale or sold.
The advertisements on the Website are invitations to you to make offers to purchase products and services on the Website and are not offers to sell. All prices and other amounts appearing on the Website are quoted in the currency in the country where the order originates from.
Privacy statement
Nova is committed to upholding your right to privacy in accordance with the laws of Québec and Canada respecting the protection of personal information.
Nova may collect personal information about you. Personal data collection is for the exclusive use of Nova to allow us to communicate with you, provide you with the services and information you request or provide you with information that may be of interest to you. Unless otherwise authorized by you, Nova will use personal information for these purposes only. If you do not wish to receive additional information, you may advise us accordingly.
For the purposes of this Website Nova includes Novamerican Steel and its affiliates or subsidiaries.
Nova Steel
© 2020 Nova SteelAll rights reserved.
Nova Steel is a privately owned Canadian based company with over 35 years of steel processing, manufacturing and distribution expertise.We service the automotive, construction, mining, agriculture, transportation, plumbing and heating, HVAC, waste equipment, rail, and other related industries across North America.
Products and Solutions
About us
Locations
Contact us
Webmail
Français
Privacy Policy
Site map