http://www.tjh2b.com/index.php/en/2-uncategorised/42-privacy-policy
Toggle Navigation
HomeWelcomeAbout UsContact UsOffice LocationsEmergency ServicesRegistration
TechConDiagnosticsServicesDownload FormsPublications ListSpecial Partnerships
Effective: May 24, 2018
TJ|H2b Analytical Services, Inc. Privacy Policy
At TJ|H2b, we respect your privacy.  We are committed to protecting the privacy of our clients and other contacts.
Scope
This privacy policy applies to all personal data processed by full-time and part-time employees, contractors and business partners doing business on behalf of TJ|H2b, as well as all legal entities, all operating locations in all countries, and all business processes conducted by TJ|H2b.  This policy also applies to our technical conferences that we present in several locations globally, which are presented under the name TechCon Worldwide.
What information do we collect?
TJ|H2b collects the following personal data in line with the use purposes explained in a subsequent section:
Your name and contact details, including company name, company address, title, e-mail address                                                 and phone numbers,
Spouse name, if attending conference,
Registration and payment information,
Dietary restrictions,
Emergency contact name and phone number,
Other information you upload or provide to us.
What is our lawful basis for processing personal data?
TJ|H2b processes contact information for clients of our laboratory service offerings on the basis of a contractual relationship;
TJ|H2b processes conference registration data on the basis of a contractual relationship, which you have entered into with us by registering for our conference either in the current year or in prior years;
TJ|H2b processes contact information for the purpose of requesting completion of surveys we send out for the purpose of evaluating our performance on the basis of our legitimate interest;
TJ|H2b processes contact information that we collect through personal contact (business cards, etc.) for the purpose of promoting our conference on the basis of our legitimate interest;
TJ|H2b processes contact information that we collect through sources such as subscription services, reference materials or the public domain for the purpose of promoting our conference on the basis of consent.
How do we use your information?
TJ|H2b uses your personal information for the following purposes:
To communicate testing results, invoicing and other communications with clients of our laboratory testing services, TJ|H2b uses personal information such as name, company name and address, telephone number and e-mail address;
To process registration and transactions for attendance to our technical conferences, TJ|H2b uses personal information such as name, company name and address, telephone numbers, e-mail address, payment information, and dietary restrictions;
To promote our technical conferences, TJ|H2b uses personal information such as name, company name and address, title, telephone numbers, and e-mail addresses;
To comply with applicable law and regulation.
How can you control your information?
You can log into our webpage with the following link: TJH2b Mailing List Registration.  Once logged in, you can review and correct your data;
You can unsubscribe using the link in the e-mail.
With whom and where will we share your personal data?
We may share your personal data with our parent company or subsidiaries to process it for purposes of inter-group administration.
We also share your personal data with a conference registration company, RegOnLine, our Client Relationship Management (CRM) company, Act!, and our e-mail distribution service, MailChimp, which acts as processors.  We encourage you to review their privacy policies here: RegOnline Privacy Policy, Act! Privacy Policy, and MailChimp Privacy Policy.
We may also share your personal data with government authorities and/or law enforcement officials if mandated by law.
Do we collect personal data about minors and children?
We do not knowingly collect personal data about minors and children.  We target individuals working in the electricity industry.  If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child or minor, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
Where is my data stored?
The personal data that we collect from you may be transferred to and stored with us, the parent company or subsidiaries.  Your personal data may also be stored with outside processors, for conference registration, client relationship management and e-mail distribution.
How long will you keep my personal data?
We will not keep your personal information for any purpose for longer than is necessary and will only retain the personal information that is necessary in relation to the purpose.  Where you are a client, we will keep your information for the length of any contractual relationship you have with us and after that for a period of 12 months.  Where you have registered to attend our conference, we will keep your information for 12 months.
What are my rights in relation to my personal data?
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes.  You can exercise your right by failing to expressly consent to receive marketing notifications or by clicking the unsubscribe button on any communication we have sent you.
You also have the right to review and correct your personal data, as described above.