http://www.rwbaird.com/help/safety-security/privacy-policy.aspx
PREVIEW MODE (cancel)
Skip to primary content
View European Client and Third Party Privacy Notice
Revision Date: June 2020
FACTSWHAT DOES BAIRD DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal and state laws give consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Name, address and contact information
Social Security number and/or driver’s license, passport or other government ID number
Employment information, account balances, transaction history and credit history
Income and assets
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated (“Baird”) chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal informationDoes Baird share?Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes —
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes —
to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes —
information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes —
information about your creditworthiness
No
N/A
For our affiliates to market to you
No
N/A
For nonaffiliates to market to you — only for financial advisors that leave Baird. Baird has signed the Protocol for Broker Recruiting (“Protocol”) which allows the financial advisor servicing your account to take certain limited information in the event he/she leaves Baird and joins another firm which has also signed the Protocol. The information your financial advisor can take is limited to your name, your address, your phone number, your email address, and the title of your account. If you choose to limit this sharing, Baird will notify your financial advisor of your decision to keep your personal information confidential and that you do not want your personal information shared by your financial advisor with his/her new firm.
Yes
Yes
To limit our sharing
Call (toll free) 1-800-792-2473
If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice. However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing as described above.
Questions?
Call (toll free) 1-800-792-2473 or go to www.rwbaird.com
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated
What we do
How does Baird protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does Baird collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
open an account or seek advice about your investments
tell us about your investment or retirement portfolio or
tell us about your investment or retirement earnings
give us your contact information
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See "Other Important Information" below for more on your rights under state law.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Our affiliates are Baird Financial Group, Inc., Baird Holding Company, Baird Financial Corporation, Robert W. Baird Group Limited, Robert W. Baird GmbH, Baird Funds, Inc., Hilliard Lyons Trust Company, LLC, Strategas Securities, LLC and Strategas Asset Management, LLC.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Nonaffiliates we share with can include the new firm of the financial advisor servicing your account.
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Baird does not have any joint marketing partners.
Other Important Information
European Personal Data. Where personal data of individuals residing in the European Union (EU) is processed by Baird or its affiliates in the U.S. in relation to the offering of products or services to such individuals, or in relation to monitoring of such individuals’ online behavior, then, in addition to the above, Baird will comply with the provisions of the European Client and Third Party Privacy Notice (available at www.bairdeurope.com/European-Client-and-Third-Party-Privacy-Notice) with respect to such processing.
For Nevada residents only. We are providing you this notice pursuant to state law. You may be placed on our internal Do Not Call List by following the directions in the "Can you limit this sharing" section by choosing to limit sharing "For our affiliates to market to you." Nevada law requires that we also provide you with the following contact information: Bureau of Consumer Protection, Office of the Nevada Attorney General, 555 E. Washington Street, Suite 3900, Las Vegas, NV 89101; Phone number: (702) 486-3132; e-mail: BCPlNFO@ag.state.nv.us. Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, 777 East Wisconsin Avenue, Milwaukee, WI 53202; Phone Number (800) 792-2473; e-mail: Click on “Contact Us” in the top right corner at www.rwbaird.com/privacy.
Vermont: In accordance with Vermont law, we will not share information we collect about Vermont residents with companies outside of our corporate family, except as permitted by law, such as with your consent, to service your accounts or to other financial institutions with which we have joint marketing agreements. We will not share information about your creditworthiness within our corporate family except with your authorization or consent, but we may share information about our transactions or experiences with you within our corporate family without your consent.
California: In accordance with California law, we will not share information we collect about you with companies outside of Baird, unless the law allows. For example, we may share information, to service your accounts, or to provide rewards or benefits you are entitled to. We will limit sharing among our companies to the extent required by California law. We collect personally identifiable information from online customers when those customers choose to enter their personal information while using Baird’s web sites and/or online services (including mobile applications). This information includes, but is not limited to, customer names, e-mail and mailing addresses, phone numbers, and social security numbers. Baird does not collect personally identifiable information from general online site visitors unless those consumers unilaterally opt to provide personally identifiable information to Baird. Baird also does not share personally identifiable information with third-party persons or entities unless authorized by the customer. If Baird’s online customers wish to change the contents of the personally identifiable information previously supplied to Baird, those customers may do so by contacting their local Baird entity branch office and requesting the change. Alternatively, some web sites and online services offered by Baird permit customers to change the contents of their personally identifiable information online. As stated above, Baird does not collect personally identifiable information about individual consumers unless those consumers choose to provide such information. We are aware that some internet browsers have incorporated Do Not Track (“DNT”) features. Most of these features, when turned on, send a signal or preference to the web sites you visit indicating that you do not wish to be tracked. Because Baird does not collect personally identifiable information unless the online customer voluntarily submits it, and because of a lack of industry standard, Baird does not currently respond to DNT signals, whether on its web sites or other online services. Baird does not allow other parties to collect personally identifiable information about its online customers’ individual online activities over time or across different web sites. Baird cannot, however, guarantee protection from web-based criminal conduct that could result in the collection of an online customer’s personally identifiable information by an outside party Please refer to this link for additional information specific to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018.
For Insurance Customers in AZ, CA, CT, GA, IL, ME, MA, MN, MT, NV, NJ, NC, OH, OR, and VA only. The term “Information” in this part means customer information obtained in an insurance transaction. We may give your Information to state insurance officials, law enforcement, group policy holders about claims experience, or auditors as the law allows or requires. We may give your Information to insurance support companies that may keep it or give it to others. We may share medical Information so we can learn if you qualify for coverage, process claims, or prevent fraud or if you say we can. To see your Information, contact the employee who services your account by mail or telephone. You must state your full name, address, the insurance company, policy number (if relevant), and the Information you want. We will tell you what Information we have. You may see and copy the Information (unless privileged) at our office or ask that we mail you a copy for a fee. If you think any Information is wrong, you must write us. We will let you know what actions we take. If you do not agree with our actions, you may send us a statement.
For MA Insurance Customers only. You may ask in writing the specific reasons for an adverse underwriting decision. An adverse underwriting decision is where we decline your application for insurance, offer to insure you at a higher than standard rate, or terminate your coverage.
Baird may change this privacy notice at any time, and any changes or updates will be effective immediately on the date of posting. For a current version, please visit www.rwbaird.com/privacy.
Cookies
Baird uses a first party cookie to collect information about visitor website visitors (non-identifiable demographic information) and their behavior on our website. The information is then stored by Google Analytics for use in analyzing this site visitor demographics and behavior. Information that is collected includes; age, gender, location, the pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you arrive at the site and links that you click on.  This information is not personally identifiable. Learn more about Baird’s use of cookies on our sites.
Content Menu
Who We Are
A Unique Culture
Employee Owned
Deep Expertise
Commitment to Inclusion & Diversity
Financial Strength
Community Involvement
Awards & Accolades
Leadership Team
Baird Stories
Baird in Your World
Annual Report
News & Insights
News
Media Spokespersons
Markets & The Economy
Capital Markets Perspective
Insights & Education
Baird Digest
Bull & Baird Market Blog
Wealth Management
Investment Banking
Services & Offerings
Mergers & Acquisitions
Equity Financing
Debt Advisory
Other Advisory
Who We Serve
Financial Sponsors
Privately-Held Companies
Publicly-Listed Companies
Industries of Focus
Consumer
Distribution
Energy
Energy Technology
Healthcare
Industrial
Real Estate
Technology & Services
Utilities
Global Team
Team by Geography
Team by Industry
Team by Product
Team Leadership
Transactions
M&A Transactions
Equity Transactions
News & Insights
Investment Banking Reports
Consumer
Distribution
Healthcare
Industrial
Tech & Services
M&A
Equity Markets
Debt Advisory
All Reports
Careers
Institutional Equities & Research
Global Equity Trading
U.S. Cash Equity Trading
Electronic Execution Services
International Trading
Program Trading
Share Repurchase
Equity Sales
Careers
Equity Research
Equity and Macro Research
Research Coverage
Our Analysts
Careers
Global Corporate Access
Global Corporate Access
Institutional Conferences
Awards & Recognition
Greenwich Associates
StarMine Analyst Awards
TipRanks Analysts of the Decade
TipRanks Analysts of 2019
Careers
Leadership Team
Fixed Income & Public Finance
Sales & Trading
Expertise
Leadership
News & Insights
Public Finance
Expertise
Municipal Underwriter Rankings
Transactions
News & Insights
Leadership
Careers
Careers
News & Insights
Baird Capital
Asset Management & Baird Funds
Hilliard Lyons Trust Company
Hilliard Lyons Trust Company
Wealth & Family Office