http://www.opto22.com/support/privacy
Support > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Opto 22 respects your privacy, and if you provide us individual identifying information, we use that information only for the purpose of serving you better. "Individual identifying information" is information that enables us to identify you, such as your email address, name, title, and mailing address. Opto 22 uses individual identifying information to personalize your experience on our website and also to be able to selectively send you communications (either electronically or otherwise) that may be of interest to you.
Notice and Disclosure
This online privacy statement is made available to you to let you know how Opto 22 collects and uses information about visitors to Opto 22's websites. Opto 22 collects information regarding visitors to our websites. Information collected includes, but is not limited to, the IP address and/or domain name from which you are accessing an Opto 22 website, web pages accessed, and individual identifying information volunteered by you such as name, title, email and mailing addresses, and your preferred means of communication. Opto 22 may make individual identifying information available to authorized representatives of Opto 22 products. From time to time, Opto 22 may make this information available to our partners. Opto 22 also uses such information to contact people for product support and marketing purposes.
Changes to this Policy
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. Opto 22 will post any Policy changes on this page.
Use of Cookies
A "cookie" is a small data file that certain websites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you've visited, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Some parts of the Opto 22 websites use cookies to track user traffic patterns. We do this in order to determine the usefulness of Opto 22 information to our users and to see how effective our navigational structure is in helping users reach that information. Opto 22 does not share this information or sell it to any third party without your express consent. If you prefer not to receive cookies on Opto 22 websites, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser. Some areas of our websites may require the use of cookies, such as ordering products online and creating a my.Opto 22 profile.
Google Analytics
Opto 22 websites use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies," which are text files placed on your computer, to help websites analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of a website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators, and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of an Opto 22 website. By using an Opto 22 website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.