http://www.cil-uk.co.uk/corporate/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home
» Corporate » Privacy Policy
What this policy covers
The following statement explains our policy regarding the personal information we collect about you whilst you are visiting this website. It explains how we use the information we collect to provide you with the information you require and improve the service we can offer you. The provision of personal information is entirely voluntary.
The information we collect about you
On the "Contact Us " page of this website we collect personal information from you when you complete the form. By opting in to receive more information on offers and promotions you will be added to our active customer list. By being on the active customer list you may be contacted occasionally via the website or email for direct marketing purposes.
Use of Cookies
Whilst you are browsing this website, a cookie is stored on your computer in order that we can identify your session for measuring visitors to the website. Your web browser destroys this cookie after 20 minutes of inactivity, or when you close the web browser application. At no stage is any personal information stored in a cookie, or any information that would allow us to identify you as an individual.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
CIL Ltd will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone. This information will only be given to other organisations when we have your consent.
Security
While we strive to keep the information that you supply secure, please be aware that the Internet is not a fully secure medium.
Policy changes
By using this website you agree to accept this privacy policy and are aware that our policy may change with time. Any changes to this policy will appear on this web page.
External Links
This website may provide links to a number of external websites, CIL Ltd is not in anyway responsible for the privacy practices or content of such websites.
Enquiries
You may request to see the information CIL Ltd stores about you. If you would like to see this information please submit a request through the "Contact Us" page and you will be contacted by the appropriate person
Help and Advice?
Phone: +44 (0) 1264 321321
Email: sales@cil-uk.co.uk
Download the CIL brochure
Search
Search
TOP
Connexion
Custom Interconnect Limited is a Connexion Technologies Company, see the Corporate Tab for full details