http://www.ultrawave.co.uk/privacy-policy-gdpr
Privacy Policy (GDPR)
Privacy Policy General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679
Ultrawave Ltd, Eastgate Business Park.  Cardiff, CF3 2EY.  Company Registration 02558071
We are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our visitors to our web site. In particular, we want you to know that Ultrawave is not in the business of selling, renting or trading email lists with other companies and businesses for marketing purposes.  In this Privacy Policy, we provide detailed information on when and why we collect your personal information, how we use it, the limited conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.
We may use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to our site. This can include using a “cookie” which would be stored on your browser. You can usually modify your browser to prevent this happening. The information collected in this way can be used to identify you unless you modify your browser settings.
We use a third-party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google, nor its associates, to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
We use a third-party service, Hubspot, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site and use it to improve the customer journey and engagement opportunities. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Hubspot, nor its associates, to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
As part of the registration process for offers and updates including newsletters, we collect personal information. We use that information for a couple of reasons: to tell you about things you’ve asked us to tell you about; to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; to check our records are right and to check every now and then that you’re happy and satisfied. We don’t rent or trade email lists with other organisations and businesses.
We sometimes use third-party providers, MailChimp and Hubspot, to deliver newsletters, offers and updates. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our newsletters, offers and updates. For more information, please see the MailChimp and Hubspot privacy notices. You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time of the day or night by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or by emailing the Data Protection Officer at gdpruw@ultrawave.co.uk
We do not share any of the information we hold with anyone else.  If you send us personal data via e-mail, we will use it to respond to your information request. If you e-mail us, or give us your e-mail address, we will keep a record of it. We will not give your e-mail address to any unauthorised third parties. Note that communications via e-mail or otherwise are governed by and subject to ACS’s Website Terms of Use set out on the Website.
You are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold. Email your request to our data protection officer at gdpruw@ultrawave.co.uk.  Requests will be completed within one calendar month of receipt unless they are deemed complex or numerous, in which case completion may take an additional two months.
You will not normally be charged for such requests, however we reserve the right to charge you under exemptions set out in the GDPR.
We reserve the right to refuse to provide you with a copy of your personal data based on the exemptions set out in the GDPR, but if we do refuse we will give full reasons for our refusal and allow you to challenge our decision. When you e-mail us please remember that the content of your e-mail is not secure and could be intercepted. Accordingly, please keep the amount of confidential of personal information to a minimum and we will do likewise when we reply.
If you are not happy with our privacy policy or if have any complaint, then you should tell us by email. Our address is gdpruw@ultrawave.co.uk
If you are in any way dissatisfied about how we process your personal information, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office. This can be done at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
We will post any changes to this Privacy Policy on our Website from time to time. Please be sure to regularly check this Privacy Policy before using the Website. Regardless of any changes we make to this Privacy Policy, we will always use your personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy in place at the time you provide your information and the GDPR regulations, unless you freely give your express consent for us to do otherwise.
Menu
About Us
Our TeamEnvironmental PolicyPrivacy Policy (GDPR)Cyber EssentialsShipping & Product Returns