https://www.airport-suppliers.com/cookie-policy/
This site uses cookies – By using the Service, you consent to the use of cookies. Our Cookies Policy explains what cookies are, how we use cookies, how third-parties we may partner with may use cookies on the Service, your choices regarding cookies and further information about cookies.
What are cookies
Cookies are small pieces of text sent to your web browser by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows us or a third-party to recognise you and make your next visit easier and the website more useful to you. Cookies can be “persistent” or “session” cookies.
How we use cookies
Cookies on this site are used:
To retain user preferences
To store information for things like forms and searches
To provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics and HotJar
To link your experience to third party services such as YouTube
These cookies will make your browsing experience better and enable use to improve the site functionality.
How do I disable cookies
However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers.
Add Your Company
Name*
Email*
Phone
Message*
Captcha code*
Tick to join our mailing list. By doing so, you accept our Privacy StatementPrivacy StatementWe will protect your privacy, by signing up to our regular newsletters, you will only receive industry developments via the Airport-Suppliers website, we will not share your data with third parties, you can unsubscribe or delete your data at any time..
We will protect your privacy - the data you provide on this contact form will only be forwarded to the intended recipient.
Name
Email
to accept our Privacy StatementPrivacy StatementWe will protect your privacy, by signing up to our regular newsletters, you will only receive industry developments via the Airport-Suppliers website, we will not share your data with third parties, you can unsubscribe or delete your data at any time..
Submit
Thank you for signing up!
Name*
Email*
Phone
Company name*
Position
Company website URL
Description of company and any other info/questions*
Tick to join our mailing list
We will protect your privacy, by signing up to our regular newsletters, you will only receive industry developments via the Airport-Suppliers website, we will not share your data with third parties, you can unsubscribe or delete your data at any time.
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Learn more.OK