http://www.bamford.com.au/privacy.htm
bamford.com.au
Home Page
Hi-Ram Pump
Domain Registration
Vehicles
Items For Sale
Professional Experience -
Genealogy -
Misuse of our email addresses -
Latest News
We respect your Privacy.
Personal Information
We obtain personal information about you, when you contact us by email, telephone, fax or other means and give us that information. The only way we obtain personal information about you is when you specifically give it to us.
We respect that information, and will only use it for your benefit. We will never sell your personal information. We do not engage in mass email or fax marketing, either from information that we have obtained ourselves or by using information available from other people. However, if required by law, we may be required to disclose personal information that we have.
Anonymous Information.
Anonymous information may be automatically collected when you visit our internet sites. This information is only available as aggregated statistical information, for example to indicate the total number of visitors to the internet site. It is not possible for anyone to personally identify you or your personal details from this information.
Advertising.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Concerns about privacy.
If you have any concerns about privacy and our internet sites, please contact us.
Copyright © John Bamford 11 May 2009. All rights reserved.
Home Page   Contact Us   Your Privacy  Terms of Use  Web design by tri-star web design