https://www.defusco.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Useful Guides
My Account
Register
Login
Shopping Cart
Checkout
My Account
Register
Login
Shopping Cart
1-800-289-6834
sales@defusco.com
Categories
0 item(s) - $0.00
Your shopping cart is empty!
Categories
Categories
+-
Diamond Products
Wet Cutting Continuous Rim Tile Blades
Dry Cutting Continuous Rim Blades
Dry Cutting Turbo Rim Blades
Small Diameter Dry Segmented Blades
Large Diameter Dry Cutting Blades
Dry Diamond Ductile Iron Blades
Wet Cutting Silent Core & Other Saw Blades for Stone Cutting
Walk Behind Diamond Blades
Specialty Diamond Blades
Diamond Grinding Cups for Stone
Diamond Grinding Cups - Concrete
Diamond Profile Wheels
Diamond Router Bits For Grinders
Stone Router Profiling Bits
Router Bits For Tile Profiler
Diamond Polishing Pads & Backers
Diamond Tooling For Automated Machines
Drilling Solutions for Stone, Tile & Concrete
Specialty Fabricating Tools
Floor Maintenance
Lapidary Blades
+-
Glues: Epoxy, Polyester, etc.
Epoxy For Natural Stone
Glaxs Glues for stone
Mastidek Glue for Dekton
Black Mamba MS Polymer
Polyester & Vinyl-Ester Resins
Tenax Titanium Extra Rapid Cartridge Glue
Tenax Travertine Filler
Tenax Crystal Mastic
Coloring Kits
Epoxy Glue Dispenser
Concrete Patch
Multibond
GlueBoss
+-
Stone Sealers
Proseal Stone Sealer By Tenax
Hydrex Sealer
Ager Sealer & Ager Tiger Sealer
Engineered Stone Sealers
Protex Sealer For Stone
Glydex Sealer
Stone Treatments
Stone Cleaner & Stone Polish
Complete Maintenance Kits
+-
Abrasives
Cutoff Wheels
Grinding Discs
Silicon Carbide Sanding Discs
Silicon Carbide Stone Cup Wheels
PVA Discs for Stone & Glass Polishing
+-
Drill Bits
Drill Bit Indexes
Rotohammer Chisels & Ground Rod Drivers
SDS+ & Spline Shank Rotohammer Bits
Straight Shank Carbide Tipped Drill Bits
Super Duty Drill Bits
Titanium Step Drills
How-To DVDs & Tool Packages
+-
Miscellaneous
Pro Real Trouble Light Cord Reel, 50 Feet
Squeegee
Stone Identification Kit
Irwin Strait-Line High Visibility Marking Chalk-Blue
C-Clamps
Hex Bits
Caulk Cartridges in Bulk
Tile Spacers
Steel Wool
Buffing Pads & Wheels
Light Bulbs
Tape
Cable Ties
Mixing Cups
Retractable Utility Knife
Epoxy Glue Dispenser
Countertop Film
+-
Lapidary
Lapidary Blades
Lapidary Saws
Sintered Diamond Wheels
Sintered Carving Burs
Plated Core Drills
Lapidary Core Bits
Tin Oxide and Polishing Powders
Shop Essentials
Painting Tools
+-
Power & Pneumatic Tools
Electric Angle Grinders and Polishers
Stone Routers
Wet Stone Grinders & Polishers
Hand Saws for Stone
Seam Phantom & Accessories
Bowl Cutting Machines
Stone Chisels
Pneumatic Stone Saws
Power Tool Accessories
+-
Prep Tools
Rodding Material for Stone
Utility Knife Blades
Floor & Wall Scrapers & Blades
Single Edge Razor Blades
English Hook Blades
Lumber Crayons
China Markers
Paint Markers for Marble, Granite, Tile, Glass, Metal, Plastic, Rubber
Shims
Polishing Cakes
Tongue Depressors
Dressing Stones
Sink Installation Kits
Anchor Machine & Accessories
Stone Dressers and Cutters
Overhang Brackets
+-
Protective Clothing
Gloves
Boots
Raingear
Extra Heavy Duty Vinyl Aprons
White Vinyl Sleeves
Disposable Clothing
+-
Safety Equipment
First Aid Kits
Eye Wash
Back Support Belts
Hearing Protection
Safety Glasses
Dust Masks & N95 Respirators
Hard Hats
Reflective Vests
Safety Cabinets
+-
Saw Accessories
Tile Saw Accessories
Saw Stands
Water Pumps
How-To Videos
+-
Saw Blades
Circular Saw Blades
Reciprocating Sawzall Blades
Holesaws - Kits, Individual & Accessories
Seam Phantom & Accessories
+-
Saws for Stone, Tile, Masonry & Concrete
Tile Saws
Masonry Saws
Stone Saws & Stone Fab Machines
+-
Sponges, Floats, & Trowels
Sponges
Floats
Trowels
StoneGlo Backlighting System
+-
Stone Material Handling Equipment
A Frames & Large Transport Carts
Bundle Slab & Remnant Racks
Cart & Dolly
Forklift Booms
Manual Carry
Material Lifters
Panel Handler by FillaChip
Seam Setting
Work Tables
Misc
+-
Machines for Refinishing Floors & Slabs
Floor Machines
Slab Refinishing Machines
Tape Measures
Tarps, Ropes, & Straps
Dust & Water Extraction, Vaccums
Clearance
Product Catalog
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which DeFusco Industrial Supply collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the http://www.defusco.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by DeFusco Industrial Supply.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
DeFusco Industrial Supply may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
- To improve customer serviceInformation you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
- To personalize user experienceWe may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
- To improve our SiteWe may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
- To process paymentsWe may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
- To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site featureTo send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
- To send periodic emailsWe may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. Our Site is also in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for Users.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Changes to this privacy policy
DeFusco Industrial Supply has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page and send you an email. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
DeFusco Industrial Supplyhttp://www.defusco.com1315 S. Martin Lane Tempe, AZ 85281800-289-6834info@defusco.com
This document was last updated on February 01, 2014
Information
Useful Guides
Return Policies
About Us
Financing
Reviews
Privacy Policy
Online Catalogs DeFusco Industrial Supply
Customer Service
Contact Us
Returns
Site Map
Extras
Brands
Specials
My Account
My Account
Order History
Copyright 2020 DeFusco Industrial Supply