https://www.abbott.com/privacy-policy/dsar.html
ABOUT ABBOTT
OVERVIEW
WHO WE ARE
OUR HERITAGE
ABBOTT AT A GLANCE
ABBOTT FAQS
RESPONSIBILITY
accessibility
HOME
PRIVACY POLICY
DSAR
Abbott Consumer Rights Requests -
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
This page applies to residents of California. If you are a resident of another country, please click here to find the Abbott.com site for your country.
Read below to find the appropriate form for your Data Subject Access Request to Abbott.
Abbott Diabetes Care
Abbott's Diabetes Care division is continually developing new and innovative products to reduce the discomfort and inconvenience of blood glucose testing. Abbott's Diabetes Care for FreeStyle products designs, develops and manufactures leading-edge continuous glucose monitoring systems, blood glucose monitoring systems and test strips for use in both the home and hospital settings.
For CCPA requests for Abbott Diabetes Care, click here or call (888) 332-0121.
Abbott Nutrition
Abbott Nutrition is a leader in nutrition science, research and development. Our goal is to deliver nutrition products and education that meet the changing needs of families across the world. We make products to help babies and children grow, that work to keep bodies strong, and that support the unique nutritional and therapeutic needs of adults. These products include:
Similac® infant formulas
PediaSure® to help kids grow*
Pedialyte® hydration for kids and adults
Ensure® for active adults
ZonePerfect® to fuel busy days
Glucerna® for people with diabetes
For CCPA requests for Abbott Nutrition, click here or call (800) 986-8850.
*Studied in children at risk for malnutrition.
Abbott Rapid and Molecular Diagnostics
Abbott Rapid Diagnostics offers a wide range of consumer products and support services in diabetes, cardiometabolic disease, infectious disease, toxicology, and other medical conditions.
For all HIPAA requests, please click here.
For CCPA requests for Abbott Rapid Diagnostics (Navica), Abbott Point of Care products (including i-STAT, Piccolo Xpress), Abbott STARLIMS lab informatics solution or Abbott molecular diagnostics products (e.g., AnueVysion, IntelliFISH, PathVysion, UroVysion, FISH), click here.
Abbott Diagnostics
Abbott Diagnostics offers a family of diagnostic and blood screening instruments professional services or informatics solutions (e.g., Alinity, AlinIQ, ARCHITECT, Accelerator, CELL-DYN). If you are a Health Care Professional or distributor who has visited our division website to engage Abbott, please click below to submit a CCPA request for Abbott Diagnostics.
For CCPA requests for Abbott Diagnostics, click here.
Abbott Neuromodulation
Abbott Neuromodulation offers specialized devices for people suffering from chronic pain and movement disorders through solutions that deliver stimulation to the spinal cord, dorsal root ganglion and the brain. For more information about Abbott Neuromodulation devices, click here.
For CCPA requests for Abbott Neuromodulation, click here.
Abbott Cardiovascular and Heart Failure Solutions
Abbott heart failure and cardiac rhythm management devices keep the heart beating at a healthy pace with pacemakers, implantable cardiac defibrillators, diagnostic and ablation catheters, mapping and visualization systems and implantable cardiac monitors. Solutions for treating heart failure with left ventricle assist devices, cardiac resynchronization therapy and a pulmonary artery pressure monitoring system mean we have many ways to get people’s hearts working better sooner. For more information about Abbott Cardiovascular and Heart Failure devices, click here.
For CCPA requests for Abbott Cardiovascular and Heart Failure Solutions, click here.
Abbott Electrophysiology Solutions
Abbott Electrophysiology solutions include the following:
EnSite Precision™ Cardiac Mapping System allows physicians to capture more data in a shorter amount of time during cardiac mapping to support ablation procedures.
Advisor™ HD Grid Mapping Catheter offers a first-of-its kind electrode configuration for high density mapping. The catheter is used in conjunction with our EnSite Precision Cardiac Mapping System.
Our FlexAbility™ Ablation Catheter, Sensor Enabled™ and TactiCath™ Quartz Contact Force Ablation Catheter ablate tissue in the heart to restore the heart’s rhythm. Ablation is a procedure to remove a small area of heart tissue causing irregular heartbeats.
For more information about Abbott Electrophysiology solutions, click here.
For CCPA requests for Abbott Electrophysiology solutions, click here.
Abbott Vascular
Abbott Vascular stents, catheters and guidewires, vessel closure devices and diagnostic and imaging tools help keep hearts healthy. For more information about Abbott Vascular, including specific products, click here and reference the Peripheral Intervention, Vessel Closure, and Carotid Intervention Sections.
For CCPA requests for Abbott Vascular, click here.
Abbott Structural Heart
Abbott’s Structural Heart valve repair and replacement technologies include mitral valve repair devices, mechanical and tissue valves, transcatheter aortic valve replacement and structural heart occluders. For more information about Abbott Structural Heart technologies, click here.
For CCPA requests for Abbott Structural Heart, click here.
If you have any questions regarding information found on this page or if you do not have access to a computer to submit a request via the webforms above, please call the applicable number below:
Abbott Nutrition (800) 986-8850
Abbott Diabetes Care (888) 332-0121
All other Abbott Business Areas listed above (844) 820-6570
Back to Previous Section
Careers
Investors
Newsroom
Responsibility
Partners
Contact
SITE MAP
POLICIES
privacy policy
Terms & Conditions
true
accessibility
You are about to exit for another Abbott country or region specific website
Please be aware that the website you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or region, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals, medical devices and other products or uses of those products that are not approved in other countries or regions.
The website you have requested also may not be optimized for your specific screen size.
Do you wish to continue and exit this website?
yesno
accessibility
You are about to exit the Abbott family of websites for a 3rd party website
Links which take you out of Abbott worldwide websites are not under the control of Abbott, and Abbott is not responsible for the contents of any such site or any further links from such site. Abbott is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement of the linked site by Abbott.
The website that you have requested also may not be optimized for your screen size.
Do you wish to continue and exit this website?
yesno
accessibility
Asset Warning
yesno