https://www.maslowmedia.com/privacy-policy-maslow-media-group/
202-965-1100
FAQs
Find Jobs
Find Talent
Blogs
Employee Portal
Solutions
Managed Services
Employer of Record Services
Staffing & Executive Recruiting
Video Production Services
Our Work
Who We Help
Our Clients
Global Network
About Us
Company History
Awards & Recognitions
Member Affiliations
Social Responsibility
Investor Relations
Select Page
Calling all Media Managers in Philadelphia & surrounding areas! Maslow Media Group is sponsoring the upcoming CMMA Metro MeetUp in Philly on September 23rd from 10a – 2:00p. The event is FREE, but space is limited. Register today at:
Register
PRIVACY POLICY
MASLOW MEDIA GROUP PRIVACY POLICY
Maslow Media Group is committed to maintaining robust privacy protections for its users.  Our Privacy Policy is designed to help you
understand how we collect, use and safeguard the information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our Service.
By accessing our Site, mobile application, or our Service, you accept our Privacy Policy and consent to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy.
I.       INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect “Non-Personal Information” and “Personal Information.” Non-Personal Information includes information that cannot be used to personally identify you, such as anonymous usage data, general demographic information we may collect, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, preferences you submit and preferences that are generated based on the data you submit and the number of clicks. Personal Information includes your contact information including email address, name and job title, demographic information such as zip code, preferences and interests and/or other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers, which you submit to us through the registration process at the Site.
To activate the Service, you do need to submit Personal Information, which may include your name, email address and phone number. However, in an effort to improve the quality of the Service, we track information provided to us by your browser or by our software application when you view or use the Service, such as the website you came from (known as the “referring URL”), the type of browser you use, the device from which you connected to the Service, the time and date of access, and other information that does not personally identify you. We track this information using cookies, or small text files which include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to a user’s browser from our servers and are stored on the user’s computer hard drive. Sending a cookie to a user’s browser enables us to collect Non-Personal information about that user and keep a record of the user’s preferences when utilizing our services, both on an individual and aggregate basis. For example, the Company may use cookies to collect the following information to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. The Company may use both persistent and session cookies; persistent cookies remain on your computer after you close your session and until you delete them, while session cookies expire when you close your browser.  Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
II.       HOW WE USE AND SHARE INFORMATION
Personal Information:
Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell, trade, rent or otherwise share for marketing purposes your Personal Information with third parties without your consent. We do share Personal Information with vendors who are performing services for the Company, such as the servers for our email communications who are provided access to user’s email address for purposes of sending emails from us. Those vendors use your Personal Information only at our direction and in accordance with our Privacy Policy. In general, the Personal Information you provide to us is used to help us communicate with you. For example, we use Personal Information to contact users in response to questions, solicit feedback from users, provide technical support, and inform users about promotional offers.  We may share Personal Information with outside parties if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to meet any applicable legal process or enforceable governmental request; to enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations; address fraud, security or technical concerns; or to protect against harm to the rights, property, or safety of our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
Non-Personal Information
In general, we use Non-Personal Information to help us improve the Service and customize the user experience. We also aggregate Non-Personal Information in order to track trends and analyze use patterns on the Site. This Privacy Policy does not limit in any way our use or disclosure of Non-Personal Information and we reserve the right to use and disclose such Non-Personal Information to our partners, advertisers and other third parties at our discretion. In the event we undergo a business transaction such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your Personal Information may be among the assets transferred. You acknowledge and consent that such transfers may occur and are permitted by this Privacy Policy and that any acquirer of our assets may continue to process your Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. If our information practices change at any time in the future, we will post the policy changes to the Site so that you may opt out of the new information practices. We suggest that you check the Site periodically if you are concerned about how your information is used.
III.           HOW WE PROTECT INFORMATION
We protect your information from potential security breaches by implementing certain technological security measures including encryption, firewalls and secure socket layer technology. However, these measures do not guarantee that your information will not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of such firewalls and secure server software. By using our Service, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks.
IV.          YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING THE USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You have the right at any time to prevent us from contacting you for marketing purposes.  When we send a promotional communication to a user, the user can opt out of further promotional communications by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in each promotional e-mail. Please note that notwithstanding the promotional preferences you indicate by either unsubscribing, we may continue to send you administrative emails including, for example, periodic updates to our Privacy Policy.
V.           CCPA SPECIFIC RIGHTS
You also have the specific right to request a) details of the categories of information collected, b) details about from whom and to whom information was collected and shared, c) why information was collected, d) that information collected about you be deleted, and e) that we not sell personal information to third parties. Should you choose to exercise your rights under CCPA, we will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not a) deny you goods or services, b) charge you different prices or rates or impose any penalties, c) provide you a different level or quality of service, and d) suggest that you may receive a different price or level of quality.
VI.          LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
As part of the Service, we may provide links to or compatibility with other websites or applications. However, we are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by those websites or the information or content they contain. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by us through the Site and the Service. Therefore, this Privacy Policy does not apply to your use of a third-party website accessed by selecting a link on our Site or via our Service. To the extent that you access or use the Service through or on another website or application, then the privacy policy of that other website or application will apply to your access or use of that site or application. We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of other websites before proceeding to use them.
VII.           SERVICE PROVIDERS
We engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to us, including hosting and maintenance, error monitoring, debugging, performance monitoring, billing, customer relationship management, database storage and management, and direct marketing campaigns. We may share your personal information with these third parties, but only to the extent necessary to perform these functions and provide such services. We also require these third parties to maintain the privacy and security of the personal information they process on our behalf.
VIII.        CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
The Company reserves the right to change this policy and our Terms of Service at any time.  We will notify you of significant changes to our Privacy Policy by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account or by placing a prominent notice on our site. Significant changes will go into effect 30 days following such notification. Non-material changes or clarifications will take effect immediately. You should periodically check the Site and this privacy page for updates.
IX.         CONTACT US
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the practices of this Site, please contact us by calling us at (202) 965-1100. You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please call us at (202) 965-1100, email us at info@maslowmedia.com, or write to:
Maslow Media Group, Inc.
22 Baltimore Road
Rockville, MD 20850
Last Updated: This Privacy Policy was last updated on February 1, 2020.