https://www.radiomet.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.radiomet.com, the corporate website for Radiometrics Midwest Corporation.
Here is the contact information for Radiometrics Midwest Corporation:
Radiometrics Midwest Corporation
12 East Devonwood
Romeoville, IL 60446
(815) 293-0772
support@radiomet.com
This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email, the Free Consultation form, or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, or if we are required to do so by a relevant authority.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about new services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Visitor Tracking
Our website allows us to identify if you have visited the site before, pages you have requested and your IP address may be recorded by us from your browser.  Visitor tracking allows us to continually enhance the user experience.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given in this notice or on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you, unless we are obliged to keep information for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
We do not collect credit card or payment information on this website.  We ask that you not specify sensitive payment information in the contact form(s) on this website.
Privacy Policy Changes
Changes to this privacy policy will be posted here.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (815) 293-0772 or via email [support@radiomet.com].
CONTACT INFO
12 Devonwood Ave.
Romeoville, IL 60446
Phone: 1-815-293-0772
Fax: 1-815-293-0820
sales@radiomet.com
info@radiomet.com
NavigationHome
About
Company Bios
Careers
Links
Testing
Aerospace
Antenna Characterization
Automotive
European Community
FCC and ISED Testing and Certification
Medical
Military
On-site Testing
Shielding Effectiveness
Site Surveys
Telecommunications
Facilities
Large Semi-Anechoic Chamber
Compact Semi-Anechoic Chamber
Fully Anechoic Chamber
Shielded Enclosures
Accreditations
Contact Us