https://www.yourcleanroomsupplier.com/privacy-policy/
39 Hutchwood Lane, Waynesboro, VA 22980
Mon-Fri: 8am to 5pm EST
Privacy & Legal Policy
ACCEPTANCE
All dealings with Hutchins & Hutchins, Inc. | Your Cleanroom Supplier® are subject to the following conditions. As result: visiting, registering and/or shopping at yourcleanroomsupplier.com indicates that you accept these conditions. As of April 26, 2013 Hutchins & Hutchins, Inc. provides cleanroom equipment / supplies and associated components to commercial accounts only. We reserve the right to refuse any order, for any reason. If you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact us.
PERSONAL ACCOUNT
Please note that you are responsible for keeping your account and password confidential. Hutchins & Hutchins, Inc. takes no responsibility for unrestricted access to your computer and subsequent stealing of your account and password. It is the sole discretion of Hutchins & Hutchins, Inc. to reserve the right to close any accounts, make modifications to the site and refuse service, if deemed necessary.
INFORMATION & COLLECTION USE
We respect your privacy. Hutchins & Hutchins, Inc. takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information, it is protected both online and off-line. Information collected from your cleanroom supplier® members is not passed on to any third party and is kept completely confidential, until which time the member chooses to make it public.
FORMS
In order to use portions of Your Cleanroom Supplier®, a user may first need to complete a form. We will never sell, lease, borrow or otherwise disclose registration information to a third party, except in specific cases as noted below.
LEGAL DISCLAIMER
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law, wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our website.
PRODUCT AVAILABILITY & DESCRIPTIONS
Hutchins & Hutchins, Inc. maintains hundreds of items for immediate purchase. We make every effort to offer a full spectrum of up-to-date knowledge and information on cleanroom equipment and supplies and associated components from over 500 manufacturers.
At Your Cleanroom Supplier® we strive to be as accurate as possible in our representation of products. For clarification, if you are unsure of a product on our site, please contact us before you place your order. If you purchase a product and it is not as described on our site, please let us know and we will correct the issue at our discretion.
DISCLAIMER
Because we cannot foresee or control the varied conditions under which this information, and our product may be used, the user must determine the suitability for each application. These goods are sold without warranty, either express or implied, of merchant ability or fitness for a specific purpose or otherwise. User assumes all liability regarding, or loss arising from use of product. No statement contained herein shall be construed as a recommendation for uses which infringe upon valid patents or as extending a license under valid patents.
COPYRIGHT
All content included on this site, including but not limited to; graphics, logos, button icons and images, are the property of their respective owners and protected by United States and international copyright laws. For any questions concerning use of content on this site, please use the contact form.
Elements used in the creation of this website, including but not limited to scripts, visual layout, code, certain images, and some site content are the property of Hutchins & Hutchins, Inc. and are also protected by United States and international copyright laws.
REGISTRATION, SERVICE MARKS & TRADEMARKS
Our legal company name Hutchins & Hutchins™ is service marked by our registered mark Your Cleanroom Supplier®, as well as our logo having its own registration. These are indicated throughout our site and are the legal property marks of Hutchins & Hutchins, Inc., and may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Hutchins & Hutchins, Inc.’s, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that discredits Hutchins & Hutchins, Inc. All other trademarks not owned by Hutchins & Hutchins, Inc. that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Hutchins & Hutchins, Inc.
LICENSE & SITE ACCESS
Hutchins & Hutchins, Inc. grants you the right to access and make use of this site, and also the right to link yourcleanroomsupplier.com to your site as long as the link does not portray yourcleanroomsupplier.com in a misleading, derogatory and offensive manner. However, the right does not grant you access to download or modify this site or any portion of it except with written consent of Hutchins & Hutchins, Inc. It also does not give you the permission to utilize any Hutchins & Hutchins, Inc. logo or other proprietary graphics or trademarks; collect and use any product listings, descriptions or prices; download account information; or any use of data gathering and extraction tools. Any unauthorized use of this website annuls the permission granted by Hutchins & Hutchins, Inc.
SITE POLICIES & MODIFICATION
It is advised that you review all the policies governing your visit to and transactions with yourcleanroomsupplier.com. We reserve the right to change any of these policies without prior notice to our customers.
Recent Posts
System Upgrade Announcement
December 8 2020
Happy Holidays from Hutchins & Hutchins
November 24 2020
We Have Unallocated, Ready to Move, Retail PPE & Surface Disinfectants Stock
May 22 2020
×