https://www.jane-woolrich.co.uk/terms
Home
terms and conditions
Terms and conditions
Terms & Conditions
1. Making a Purchase1.1 Making a purchase could not be easier. Just browse our shop and add any items that you wish to buy to the shopping basket.2. Order Process2.1 As a user of this website you acknowledge that any use of this website including any transactions you make is subject to these terms and conditions.2.2 All products are sold on the basis that they are for personal or domestic use only.2.3 Once we have received your order we will e-mail you an order acknowledgement. This e-mail is not an order confirmation or acceptance from Jane Woolrich Retail Limited.2.4 Acceptance of your order and the completion of the contract between you and us will take place on despatch to you of the products ordered.2.5 Title to the goods you order on this website shall pass to you upon delivery provided we have received full payment.3. Payment3.1 All prices are shown in £ (GBP) sterling and include VAT (where applicable) but exclude delivery charges unless stated otherwise.3.2 You can pay by credit or debit card.  We also accept PayPal and Bank Transfer.3.3 While we try to keep our website up to date and error free, product description and pricing errors do occur. If we find an error in the price of the items you have asked for we will inform you immediately and give you the option of cancelling or reconfirming at the correct price.4. Delivery4.1 This website is for delivery of products to customers worldwide.4.2 Garments are hand made to order and delivery will normally be made to you within 4 weeks of your order acknowledgement. It may be longer if you require lace dyed to match or patterns making.4.3 In the event that we are unable to supply the goods within 4 weeks we will contact you accordingly. You will then have the option to cancel your order or leave your selections on back order for a further period of time.4.4 When we deliver your items to you, you may be asked to sign for the goods to acknowledge that you have received them.4.5 Risk of loss or damage of goods passes to you when the goods are delivered.5. Postage5.1 Click to view the full postage options available.6. Returns/Cancellations/Substitutions6.1 Jane Woolrich Retail Limited are committed to selling quality products and hope you will be happy with your purchase. If for any reason you are not, please contact us by phone, fax, or e mail within 7 days of delivery and we will replace the item, or refund in full.6.2 Your rights to return goods are protected under the EU Distance Selling Regulations. 6.3 The goods must be returned to us unused and wherever possible in the original packaging. Any goods that are returned must be received ‘as new’ and in re-saleable condition. Clause 6.1 does not apply to items personalised or made to your specification or audio/video recordings or software that you have unsealed. Please ensure that as well as your receipt you include a covering note with your name and contact details and the reason for the return. Once the goods have been received we will provide you with a replacement or a refund. If you would like us to arrange collection of the goods to be returned, please contact our Customer Services department. In this instance return carriage costs will be deducted from any refund due, unless the goods were faulty.6.4 If goods are not all there when returned you will be refunded the full invoice price less any delivery charges and less the cost of the missing items.6.5 If non faulty goods are returned in a condition that prevents them from being re-sold you will not be entitled to a refund and the goods will be returned to you.6.6 All sizes and measurements are approximate and are intended as a guide only. Colours may vary from those shown on the website.6.7 Occasionally the product specifications  may change. If this happens we will inform you and do our utmost to provide you with a substitute of the same or better quality at the same price.6.8 If upon receipt of the substitute product you are unhappy with your purchase please return it to us for a full refund. This will include the return delivery costs but be subject to clause 6.1 – 6.5 above.7. Damaged or Defective Goods7.1 You should inspect the goods when you receive them for defects or damage. If you find a defect or damage you must inform us in writing within 3 days of receipt and we will arrange for their return to us at no cost to you.7.2 We warrant that (subject to the other provisions of these terms) at the time of delivery the goods shall be free from defects and will function in accordance with the manufacturers’ instructions. In the event of a breach of this warranty we will be happy, at our option, to correct the faulty part or send a replacement.8. Security8.1 Jane Woolrich Retail Limited take security very seriously and we use 128 bit SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption to keep your details secure.Your browser will go into secure mode when you access the checkout page before you enter any personal details. You can check you are in secure mode by looking for a locked padlock in the bottom right hand corner of your screen.8.2 Online security is constantly evolving so if you are using older versions of Internet Explorer, e.g. version 4, we recommend you update your browser to a later version to obtain improved security features.8.3 Although we endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any data you disclose on line. You accept the risks of providing information and dealing over the internet and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to our negligence or wilful default.9. Privacy Policy9.1 Jane Woolrich Retail Limited will not disclose buyers’ information to third parties.9.2 Data collected by this site is only used to:a) Process your order and provide customer satisfactionb) Administer and enhance the site and servicec) Monitor customer traffic patterns to assist purchasing and delivery lead times.9.3 The only cookies used on our site are to keep track of the contents of your shopping basket. They do not contain confidential information such as your home address, telephone number or credit card details.9.4 We only keep cookies for the duration of your visit to our website and do not exchange cookies with any external data suppliers.9.5 If you wish you can usually adjust your browser so that your computer does not accept cookies. If you turn off cookies you will be able to browse our site but you will be unable to place orders or benefit from other features that use cookies.10. Intellectual Property10.1 You agree that the content and material contained within this website is made available for your personal and non-commercial use only and you may only download content and material for the purpose of using this website.10.2 You agree that all intellectual property rights and trademarks in all materials/content made available as part of your use of this website shall remain vested in us or our licensors at all times.11. Liability and Indemnity11.1 The contract between us shall be governed by English Law and any dispute will be resolved exclusively in the courts of England. English is the only language offered for the conclusion of the contract.11.2 Jane Woolrich Retail Limited shall not be liable for any delay or failure to deliver products or perform any other obligation if the same is wholly or partly caused by circumstances beyond our reasonable control.11.3 We shall not be responsible to you whether in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise for incidental, special, indirect or consequential loss or damage, any loss of profit (direct or indirect), loss of sales, loss of goodwill or reputation, loss of business, third party claims, pure economic loss arising out of or in connection of the performance or non performance of our obligations under these terms and conditions including such damage as may be reasonably foreseeable at the date you order the goods.11.4 Nothing in these terms and conditions excludes or limits liability for death or personal injury caused by negligence, fraudulent misrepresentation or any other liability which may not otherwise be limited or excluded under English law.11.5 Subject to clause 11.4, our total liability (whether due to breach of contract, negligence or otherwise) arising in connection with the goods shall be limited to the price paid by you in respect of the goods that are the subject matter of the claim in question.11.6 Jane Woolrich Retail Limited will use reasonable endeavours to verify the accuracy of information on the site but make no representation or warranty of any kind regarding its contents or availability or that it will be error free and that the site or server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs.11.7 Except as set out in these terms, we disclaim all terms, conditions, representations and warranties (whether express or implied) to the fullest extent permissible by law.11.8 If any section of these terms is held by a court to be unenforceable then that section shall be considered deleted and not apply but the rest of the terms will.11.9 Nothing in these terms will affect your statutory rights as a consumer or affect your right to contract cancellation.This website is operated by:Jane Woolrich Couture Lifford Hall, Lifford Lane,Kings Norton,Birmingham. B30 3JN
Get a Quote for
Customer Name
Customer Email
Phone Number
Comment
Submit