http://www.psasecurity.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
PSA Security Network
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: February 20, 2020
Professional Security Alliance, Inc., a Colorado Corporation d/b/a PSA Security Network (“PSA,” “we,” “us” or “our”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy“).
Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning set forth in the Terms and Conditions or any additional PSA policies, addendums, and agreements made available to you.
This privacy policy does not cover information that you submit on other websites, even if we communicate with you on those sites.
We at PSA constantly aim to provide the best user experience possible to our Users. We value the long-term relationship that allows us to provide a personalized, valuable experience that delivers information, resources and services that are helpful to you. This Privacy Policy discusses, among other things, how information and data obtained during your visit or use of the PSA Platform and Services may be collected and used. By using the PSA Platform or Services, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree or consent to any of the terms of this Policy, your only recourse is to discontinue accessing or otherwise using the website or any materials obtained from it.
BY CLICKING ACCEPTANCE OR USING THE PSA PLATFORM OR SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
1. Personal Data and Aggregate Information
“Personal Data” refers to information that tells us specifically who you are, such as your name, phone number, email, approximate geographic location of your computer or device, or postal address, possibly information relating to certain support or customer service issues, and information about the products you purchase, when those pieces of data are stored with your name.
While some experiences will not prompt a collection of Personal Data, you generally need to provide us with Personal Data to use most of the features of the PSA Platform and Services, including to allow us to provide you with certain personalized or enhanced Services. How we collect and store information depends on the Services in which you elect to participate.
From time to time, we may collect general, non-personal, statistical information about the use of the PSA Platform or Services. This information represents a generic overview of our Users’ collective viewing habits and allows us and other third parties to modify information, promotions, offers, and/or discounts on Services based on User traffic and behavior. We collect this information using technologies such as “cookies”, which are discussed in greater detail below. We collect this information to determine, for example, which areas of the PSA Platform are most popular and to enhance the PSA Platform. We may also group this information into aggregate data to describe the use of the PSA Platform to our existing or potential business partners or other third parties, or in response to a government request. From time to time, we may use this information to optimize third-party offers of products and/or services. We also may share aggregated demographic and preference data to third parties to enable the provision of targeted information. However, please be assured that this aggregate data in no way will it personally identify you or any other Users.
2. Information PSA May Collect From You
PSA receives and stores any information you enter on the PSA Platform or give to us in any other way. Types of information you may provide include:
Contact Information. When you sign up for an Account or registering for a Service, you may be required to give us your name, email address, street address, billing address, and phone number, and additional information that enables you to sign up for and use the PSA Platform and Services.
Payment Information. While we strive to use a third party service provider to process payments, from time to time, we may collect Personal Data such as your credit card number or expiration date when you use our Services.
Information You Submit or Post. We may collect information you submit to us using any of our feedback tools or website questionnaires. For example, when you contact customer support, we may receive your name, email address, phone number, the contents of a message or attachments that you may send to us, and other information you choose to provide.
Phone Information. If you have installed the PSA Platform or use the PSA Platform on your mobile device or tablet, it may require special permission such as access to the camera, microphone, pictures, location, read and write external storage, network access, etc., those permissions allow the PSA Platform to work properly on your device. If you do not allow all required permission to the PSA Platform, it may not work properly.
Survey and Testimonial Information. PSA may also collect information and data provided by you from our responses to surveys that we might ask for research purposes to improve our Services. PSA may post testimonials on the PSA Platform. We may also post or share news, events, results, accomplishments, marketing materials from individuals or companies. Requests to remove posted materials should be submitted to [marketing@psasecurity.com]. Reasonable efforts will be made to remove posts upon receiving written notice.
Information from Third Parties. In addition to the information we collect from you directly, we may also receive information about you from other sources, including third parties, business partners, our affiliates, or publicly available sources.
3. Automatically Collected Information
When you visit or access certain areas of the PSA Platform, PSA may collect certain information from you automatically, such as information provided by your website browser or mobile device, including but not limited to:
Device Identifiable Information. We may collect information that is linked to your computer or device (“Device Identifiable Information“). This information may include your IP address, browser type and language, access times, pages visited, and operating system.
Mobile Device Information. We may collect information from any mobile device you use to access the PSA Platform and Services, including device type and model, network provider, and unique device identifier.
Cookies and Similar Technologies. We may collect technologies such as “cookies,” “pixels,” and “widgets.”
Cookies are unique identifiers that we transfer to your device to enable our systems to recognize your device and to provide features, such as personalized advertisements on other websites, and storage of items in your shopping cart between visits. If you do not wish for PSA to place and use cookies on your computer, you may modify and control how cookies are handled in your browser settings. If you choose to disable cookies, certain functions of the PSA Platform and Services may not function correctly.
Pixels/Web Beacons (also known as Web bugs, pixel tags or clear GIFs) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier that may be included on our Services for several purposes, including to deliver or communicate with Cookies, to track and measure the performance of our Services, to monitor how many visitors view our Services, and to monitor the effectiveness of our advertising. Unlike Cookies, which are stored on the user’s hard drive, Web Beacons are typically embedded invisibly on web pages (or in an email).
Social Media Widgets such as a share button to Facebook or Twitter may be on our PSA Platform. These features may collect your IP address and what page you are visiting on the PSA Platform.
Google Analytics. We may also use Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on some of our Services, and to develop website content. This analytics data is not tied to any Personal Data. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. You can opt out of Google’s collection and Processing of data generated by your use of the Services by going to tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
The PSA Platform does not currently support Do Not Track, which is a privacy preference you can set in your web browser to indicate that you do not want certain information about your web page visits tracked and collected across websites.
4. How We Use Your Information
We use, store, and process information, including Personal Data about you, to provide, understand, improve, and develop the PSA Platform and Services. This information is collected for the necessary purposes set out below:
To carry out our Services and obligations from any contracts entered between you and PSA
Notify you of Service and subscription expirations and renewals
To provide customized, personalized content through our PSA Platform and Services
Notify you about changes to our PSA, Services or policies
To allow you to participate in new features and Services on our PSA Platform
To track your purchase history, suggest products, and to contact you for account and promotional purposes
To facilitate the delivery of content or advertisements that we feel may be relevant to you
To communicate new or existing products or Services that we feel can help you
For any other purpose with your consent
To detect and prevent fraud, to collect amounts owing to us and to maintain business records.
5. How We Share Information We Collect
PSA customer information, user data, and Personal Data may be shared with certain third party companies for the purposes set forth below:
PSA may share certain personal information with its affiliates (including parent company, sister companies and subsidiaries such as USAV)
PSA may sometimes need to share your Personal Data, user data, or customer information to help facilitate technical and administrative aspects of PSA’ Services (credit card processing, hosting, citation building & management). PSA will take reasonable steps to ensure that these service providers are notified of their obligations to reasonably protect Personal Data on PSA’s behalf. Notwithstanding the above, we cannot guarantee that such service providers will adhere to the contractual obligations or acceptable business practices.
We may share your Personal Data with our PSA Partners (as defined in our Terms and Conditions). Our PSA Partners may use your Personal Data to market and offer their products and services. We can’t speak to the privacy practices of these PSA Partners, and we encourage you to read their privacy policies. Additionally, please review the section titled Your Choices to see how you can opt-out to this type of sharing.
We may share your Personal Data with third parties that we have partnered with to jointly create and offer a product or Service. These joint marketing partners may use your Personal Data to market and offer PSA-related products, unless you have given consent for other uses. Additionally, to the extent permitted by law, PSA’s joint marketing partners may share your personal information with us to better serve you.
We may provide your anonymized and aggregated personally identifiable information to third parties for their marketing and/or advertising purposes.
The PSA Platform may allow you to connect with other websites, products, or services that we don’t have control over. If you use these services, we will provide the third party with information about you to allow them to provide the service to you. We can’t speak to the privacy practices of these third parties, and we encourage you to read their privacy policies before deciding whether to use their services.
PSA may release information when we believe it is necessary in order to comply with a legal obligation under applicable law, or respond to a valid legal process, such as a search warrant, a court order, or a subpoena. We will also share your Personal Data where we believe it is necessary for the purpose of our own, or a third party’s legitimate interest relating to national security, law enforcement, litigation, criminal investigation, or protecting the safety of any person, provided that such interest is not overridden by your interests or rights and freedoms requiring the protection of your Personal Data.
We may share de-identified aggregate information about our customers with advertisers and marketing partners.
A third party may use technology (e.g., a cookie) to collect information about your use of our website and other websites so that they can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interest. That advertising may appear either on our website, or on other websites.
We may disclose certain Personal Data while negotiating or in relation to a change of corporate control such as a restructuring, merger or sale of our assets. We may sell information and Personal Data with any successor to all or part of our business.
We may disclose Personal Data whenever you consent to the sharing.
6. Your Choices
You can always unsubscribe from our commercial or promotional emails, but if you continue to use the Services, we may still send you transactional and relational emails about your use of the Services.
You can opt out of receiving push notifications through your device settings. Please note that opting out of receiving push notifications may impact your use of the PSA Platform and Services.
If you create an Account to use the PSA Platform and Services, you may be asked to choose a password for your account, in which case your account information shall be protected by your password. You should not disclose your password to any other person. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. You can access and update information in your account profile at any time by logging into the account with your login name and password. Once you have logged in, you can update certain information such as your name, photo, email, password, billing information, and security preferences.
While you can prevent your device from sharing location information at any time through your device’s operating system settings, user location is important to your use of the PSA Platform and Services and without it may affect your use of the PSA Platform and Services.
If you would like to terminate your account, please contact us through our customer support with your request. If you choose to terminate your account, we will deactivate it for you but may retain information from your account for a certain period of time and disclose it in a manner consistent with our practices under this Privacy Policy for accounts that are not closed. We also may retain information from your account to collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, analyze usage of the PSA Platform, assist with any investigations, prevent fraud, enforce our Terms and Conditions, or take other actions as required or permitted by law.
If you would like to opt-out of sharing your Personal Data with our PSA Partners, please email us at marketing@psasecurity.com, with the subject line “PSA Partner Sharing.”
7. California Residents
This section of the Privacy Policy applies only to any natural person “enjoying the benefit and protection of laws and government” of California. If you live in California you have certain rights under the California Consumer Protection Act of 2018 (“CCPA“).
In accordance with the CCPA, this Privacy Policy discloses:
what categories of Personal Data and the specific pieces of Personal Data we collect;
how that Personal Data is collected and how we use it;
the categories of Personal Data that are sold or shared with third parties;
the categories or types of third parties with whom Personal Data with whom we share Personal Data.
As a California resident you can request a list of the Personal Data we collected from you, a list of the Personal Data we have shared with third parties, and a list of the names of third parties with whom we have shared your Personal Data. You may make such a request twice per year at no charge to you.
You may also request that we do not sell or disclose your Personal Data to third parties. However, to provide you with most Services and the PSA Platform we need to share certain aspects of your Personal Data with our third party service providers. Accordingly, such a request may affect how you use and access the Services and PSA Platform.
To make any of the foregoing requests, email us at marketing@psasecurity.com with the subject line “California Consumer Protection Act.”
8. We Store Information in the United States
The nature of our business means that the Personal Data collected through our PSA Platform and Services will be transferred to the United States. Information we maintain is stored within the United States. If you live outside of the United States, you understand and agree that we may transfer your information to the United States. This site is subject to U.S. laws, which may not afford the same level of protection as those in your country. Also, the PSA personnel and the third-parties to whom we disclose Personal Data are located in the United States. We have not adopted policies that comply specifically with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
9. Miscellaneous
PSA reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to alter this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice to you or any User, including to comply with privacy laws, regulations, and/or our own or industry standards, business practices, or otherwise. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy each time you access or use the PSA Platform or Services. Your use of the PSA Platform or Services at any time, including after any change to this Privacy Policy, indicates your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and any change made to this Privacy Policy.
We take reasonable precautions to protect the privacy, accuracy, and reliability of any information you provide and to protect such information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Personal Data is stored within databases that are controlled by us or by our service providers. As we deem appropriate, we use security measures consistent with industry standards, such as firewalls and encryption technology, to protect your information. However, since no security system is impenetrable, we cannot guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. As a result, you transmit any information to or from the PSA Platform and Services at your own risk.
We understand and share your concerns regarding your children’s access to the Internet and the Internet’s access to your children. The PSA Platform and Services are not directed to children. Consistent with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we do not knowingly request or accept Personal Data submitted to the PSA Platform by any visitor under 13 years of age. If we become aware that an individual under age 13 has provided information to PSA through the PSA Platform, we will make commercially reasonable efforts to delete such information from our databases.
This Privacy Policy shall be governed by the laws of the State of Colorado, without regard to conflicts of law principles. Any action relating to this Privacy Policy must be filed and maintained in a state or federal court of competent jurisdiction located in Denver, Colorado, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts for such purpose. PSA makes no representation that this Privacy Policy and such practices comply with the laws of any country outside the United States.
DISPUTES REGARDING THIS PRIVACY POLICY ARE GOVERNED BY THE ARBITRATION CLAUSE IN OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS. THESE PROVISIONS WILL, WITH LIMITED EXCEPTION, REQUIRE YOU TO SUBMIT CLAIMS YOU HAVE AGAINST PSA TO BINDING AND FINAL ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY CLASS, GROUP OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, or to report any violations of this Privacy Policy or abuse of the PSA Platform or the Services, please contact us by mail or email at the following:
Attn: Privacy Concerns
Address: 10170 Church Ranch Way, Suite 150, Westminster, CO, 80021
E-mail: marketing@psasecurity.com