http://www.abbvie.com/privacy.html
Privacy Notice
Effective date: Jan 1, 2021
This online Privacy Notice (“Privacy Notice”) explains how AbbVie
Inc., 1 North Waukegan Rd., North Chicago, IL 60064 (“AbbVie”) handles
personal information about you (“Personal Information”) provided to us
through websites, mobile sites, mobile applications, third parties,
services and products controlled by AbbVie, and any other online or
offline interaction with AbbVie, that link to this
Privacy Notice (collectively, “AbbVie Services”).
Personal Information we
collect
How we use Personal Information
When we share
Personal Information
Additional information for California residents
Additional information
for health care professionals
Privacy of children
Your privacy choices
Data security
Links to third party sites
and social media plug-ins
Accessing our sites globally
Changes to our Privacy Notice
Personal Information we collect
The types of Personal Information
that we may collect for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice
are described in this section and include Personal Information that
you provide to us, Personal Information that we collect automatically
when you use AbbVie Services, and Personal Information that we collect
from third parties. Examples of Personal Information include name,
address, telephone number, and email address. When this information is
combined with any information on health or medical status, we refer to
the resulting information as “health-related information.” We collect
your health-related information on the AbbVie Services only if you
provide it, with your consent, to provide certain AbbVie Services, or
if required by law.
Information you provide during registration or in response to questionnaires
You do not have to register for a service or program to receive much
of the information available through AbbVie Services. However, some of
our content is available only to registered or identified users and
will require you to set up a profile or provide specific information
about yourself in order to provide you the service.
AbbVie collects Personal Information that you provide on AbbVie
Services, for example, through an enrollment form in order to register
for AbbVie programs and services, to receive marketing products and
information, contact AbbVie customer service, or respond to AbbVie
questionnaires or surveys. This could include the following categories
of Personal Information:
Direct identifiers, including name and contact Information
such as your address, phone number, or email address;
Registration information, such as your username and
password; Health-related information, insurance and
demographic information in the context of a patient support program,
survey or questionnaire; Income and demographic information
when you request financial assistance for one of our products;
Remuneration information when you provide a service to AbbVie in
your capacity as a health care professional; Employment,
education and other background information when you inquire about
employment with AbbVie; and Professional, clinical practice
and educational background when you participate in an AbbVie
sponsored program, research or survey in your capacity as a health
care professional.
Personal Information you submit during other interactions with AbbVie
You may contact AbbVie to ask questions, discuss your concerns, or
report issues regarding our products. If you communicate with or
request information from AbbVie, you may be prompted to provide your
contact information as well as any health-related information and/or
Personal Information that is relevant to your request.
Information that may be collected automatically
IP address
We may record the Internet Protocol (“IP”) address of your computer
or other electronic device when you visit the AbbVie Services. An IP
address identifies the electronic device you use to access the Sites,
which allows us to maintain communication with your computer as you
move about AbbVie Services and to customize content.
Cookies and other tracking technologies
We collect information about your use of AbbVie Services through
tracking technologies such as cookies and web beacons. A “cookie” is a
unique numeric code that is transferred to your computer to track your
interests and preferences and to recognize you as a return visitor. A
“Web beacon” is a transparent graphic image placed on a website, email
or advertisement that enables the monitoring of things such as user
activity and site traffic. These technologies help remember your
preferences and allow us to bring you the content and features that
are likely to be of greatest interest to you on the basis of
“clickstream” data that shows your previous activities on AbbVie Services.
You can disable cookies through your browser. Please note that some
cookies are essential to the functioning of our websites and deleting
or disabling them on your browser will reduce the site’s functionality.
For site analytics tracking, we use Google Analytics and Adobe
Analytics. The data we collect through these cookies will be used to
understand our website usage. We may also add your website usage data
to the profile we maintain about you. If you do not want your data
used with Google Analytics for these purposes, you can install the
Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. If you
do not want your data used with Adobe Analytics for these purposes,
you can opt-out by visiting https://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html.
To learn more about cookies and other tracking technologies,
including how to disable them, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
Mobile tracking
Some AbbVie Services are available either as mobile applications or
mobile sites that you can use on your mobile device. If you use a
mobile device to access and use the AbbVie Services, we may collect
the following mobile-specific information in addition to the other
information described above: device or advertising ID, device type,
hardware type, media access control (“MAC”) address, international
mobile equipment identity (“IMEI”), the version of your mobile
operating system, the platform used to access or download the AbbVie
sites and applications (e.g., Apple, Google, Amazon, Windows),
location information and usage information about your device and your
use of the AbbVie Services.
Information collected from other sources
We may combine Personal Information about you from a visit to one
AbbVie site with information about you from visits to other AbbVie
Services. We may also combine information about you that is collected
through the AbbVie Services with information that we have collected
offline, as well as with information provided to us by third parties. Third
parties from which we collect Personal Information include publicly
available sources, third party data vendors, health care providers
and health insurance companies, and third-party partners and collaborators.
[Top]
How we use Personal Information
We collect and use your Personal Information for the business and
commercial purposes of providing  you the services you request,
communicating with you, improving your experience on the AbbVie
Services, and generally improving our products and services and for
other internal business purposes, as described in more detail
below.
Providing programs and services you request
If you choose to register for one of our AbbVie Services, we use the
Personal Information that you provide through AbbVie Services to
respond to your questions, provide you the services you request and
offer an optimal customer experience, to perform our contractual
obligations, or perform an action based on your consent.
Marketing
You may also choose to receive marketing information from AbbVie,
such as offers regarding AbbVie’s products or services, invitations to
participate in surveys about our products, or notifications about
special promotions. In such cases, we will use your contact and other
Personal Information to send you marketing information. Instructions
on how you can opt-out from marketing communications are included in
each marketing communication you receive. You can also email us at privacyoffice@abbvie.com.
You can opt-out at any time.
Customized user experiences
The Personal Information that you provide may be used to create
customized offers, information, or services tailored to your interests
and preferences. Also, we may use your IP address and the data that we
obtain automatically through the use of cookies or similar tracking
technologies to make our AbbVie Services easier to use and navigate,
to personalize the content provided on AbbVie Services by anticipating
the information and services that may be of interest to you, and to
personalize and improve our interactions with you by making the
information we provide more relevant to you. In some cases, we collect
this information pursuant to your consent. In other cases, we collect
this information for our legitimate business interest to optimize and
customize user experiences.
Business and product improvement
In order to discover new facts that could help AbbVie better
understand customer needs and help improve, develop, and evaluate
product services, materials, programs, and treatments, AbbVie analyzes
the information that you have provided for its legitimate interests in
business and product improvement.
Site analytics and improvement
We may use the information that you provide and the information we
collect automatically about your use of the AbbVie Services to monitor
user traffic patterns and preferences for our legitimate business
interests of improvement, analytics and optimization of the AbbVie Services.
Data use and retention
We will only keep Personal Information as long as necessary for the
fulfillment of the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice, except if
otherwise required by
applicable laws or legal orders.
[Top]
When we share Personal Information
We only share your Personal Information with the categories of third
parties for the business and commercial purposes described below. We
do not sell or rent Personal Information to third parties, including
for their own marketing purposes.
Third-party advertising and online behavioral advertising
You may be provided with online advertisements of AbbVie products and
services on third-party websites and mobile services that are tailored
to you, for example, on the basis of information that you provide to
AbbVie or a third-party website you are visiting, or of your browsing
activity, purchases, or interests. These types of tailored online
advertisements may come through several sources, as described in this section.
We may share with our advertising service providers certain device
information that we have obtained from cookies and other tracking
technologies on our AbbVie Services.
Some AbbVie Services participate in online behavioral advertising
(this is also sometimes called re-target advertising or interest-based
advertising). You can identify these sites by the “Advertising
Choices” link in the footer. Our advertising network partners may
place and use cookies on AbbVie websites and on other third-party
sites to collect information about your activities in order to provide
you with online advertisements that are based on your interests. When
an AbbVie online behavioral advertisement is delivered to you, you
will see an “Ad Choices” icon. Clicking on the icon or link
will take you to a website where you can manage or opt-out of the use
of data about your browsing history that is used for the delivery of
online behavioral advertisements. If you opt-out, you may still see
advertisements online, including advertisements from AbbVie that are
based on other information (e.g., based on the content of the page
being viewed rather than your prior clickstream activity). In some
cases, data may still be collected about your browsing activity by
these third-party advertisers, but they will not use this data to
deliver advertisements that are based on your past online browsing
behavior. You can also opt-out now by clicking here.
You may also opt out of certain online behavioral advertising on the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer choice tool, which is
available at https://optout.aboutads.info, and the Network
Advertising Initiative’s tool, which is available at https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
Some web browsers may transmit “do-not-track” signals to web
services with which the browser communicates. As of the effective date
of this Privacy Notice, an industry standard has not yet been
established on how to respond to these signals. Therefore, AbbVie does
not currently respond to these signals. As discussed above, you can
opt-out from advertisers that use your browsing history to deliver
online behavioral advertisements.
Affiliates, vendors and suppliers
We have relationships with various vendors and suppliers, including
our affiliated companies, who help us operate our business and for
whom it may be necessary to have access to your Personal Information
in the course of providing services to AbbVie. We will not authorize
these parties to use your Personal Information for any purpose that is
not related to AbbVie’s business operation, and we require them to
handle your Personal Information collected through the AbbVie Services
in accordance with appropriate contractual privacy and security provisions.
Co-branded services
We may partner with other companies to provide you with content or
services on a joint or “co-branded” basis. At a co-branded site, you
will see both the AbbVie logo and the logo of the co-branding partner
displayed on your screen. To access the services available on a
co-branded site, you may have to complete a new online registration
form, and this registration information may be shared with AbbVie’s
co-branding partners. You should read the individual privacy policies
of our co-branding partners, as they may differ in some respects from
ours. Reading these policies will help you to make an informed
decision about whether to provide your information to a given site.
Product reports
If you contact AbbVie regarding your experience in using one of our
products, we may use the information that you provide in submitting
reports to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and as otherwise
required of us by law. We also may use the information to contact the
prescribing physician to follow up regarding an unexpected event
involving the use of our product.
Legal rights and obligations
In certain limited circumstances, AbbVie may need to disclose your
Personal Information in order to comply with a legal obligation or
demand, such as to comply with reporting obligations to our governing
regulatory authorities regarding the safety of our pharmaceutical
products, or in connection with the sale or transfer of one of our
product lines or divisions, which includes the services provided
through one or more of the AbbVie Services. In such instances, we will
take measures to protect your Personal Information to the extent
possible. We also reserve the right to use Personal
Information to investigate and prosecute users who violate our rules
or who engage in behavior that is illegal or harmful to others or to
others’ property.
[Top]
Additional information for California residents
If you are a California resident, you have the right to request the
general categories of and specific Personal Information that AbbVie
collects, uses and discloses, and you have additional rights with
respect to your Personal Information. California-specific privacy
requirements that are not addressed in other sections
of this Privacy Notice are described in this section. As stated in
the
When we share Personal
Information section above, AbbVie does not sell Personal Information.
Furthermore, AbbVie receives, and may further share with its
collaborators and partners, deidentified health data from health care
providers and health plans, subject to the Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”). The health data received by AbbVie was deidentified based
on either HIPAA’s “safe harbor” method, which means that certain
direct identifiers were removed from the health data, or HIPAA’s
expert determination method, which means that a qualified
statistician reviewed the health data shared with AbbVie and
confirmed that there is a very small risk that an individual could
be identified from the remaining health data.
Consistent with the Personal
Information we collect section above, we collect certain
categories and specific pieces of information about individuals that
are considered Personal Information. We may collect this Personal
Information from you and other third parties described in the When we share Personal
Information section. We collect, use and disclose Personal
Information for the business and commercial purposes described in
the How we use Personal
Information and the When
we share Personal Information sections above.
As a California resident, you have the right to request:
Information about the Personal Information that AbbVie has
collected, used and disclosed about you over the previous 12 months,
including: the categories of Personal Information collected; the
categories of sources from which your Personal Information was
collected; the business or commercial purposes for which AbbVie
collected your Personal Information; the categories of your Personal
Information that was disclosed for a business or commercial purpose;
and the categories of third parties with whom AbbVie shared your
Personal Information;
The specific Personal Information that AbbVie has collected
about you over the previous 12 months; and
To have your Personal Information deleted.
Should you exercise any of your privacy rights as a California
resident, AbbVie will not discriminate against you by offering you
different pricing or products, or by providing you with a different
level or quality of products, based solely upon this request. Certain
AbbVie Services, however, may require your consent to have your
Personal Information shared with AbbVie to provide the service or to
allow us to use and disclose your Personal Information to provide the
AbbVie Services. When you exercise your rights, you may lose access to
certain aspects of AbbVie Services that require your Personal
Information to perform the service.
Please see the Your privacy
choices section if you or your authorized representative have
questions or would like to make a request to exercise any of your
rights described in this section.  After you make your request, we
will use the information we have to verify your identify (and if
applicable your authorized agent’s identify), and to match the
Personal Information we have collected about you, if any, to your
verified identify.  Our verification process may include a request for
additional information, if needed, to confirm your identify or your
authorized agent’s identify, or obtain proof that gave your authorized
agent permission to act on your behalf.  If our verification process
is successful, we will respond to your request within the time and in
the manner required by applicable law. If we cannot validate the
identify of you and/or your authorized agent or obtain proof that you
gave your authorized agent to act on your behalf, we will attempt to
contact you to inform you.
[Top]
Additional information for health care professionals
In addition to the Personal Information described in the Personal Information
we collect section above, we collect the additional categories
of Personal Information about health care professionals as described
in this section. We also use, share and disclose Personal Information
about health care professionals for the additional purposes described
in the section in addition to the How we use
Personal Information and the When we share
Personal Information sections above.
Additional Personal Information that AbbVie collects about health care
professionals
We may collect Personal Information about health care professionals
directly from the health care professional or from third-party
sources, such as from the organization where the health care
professional works, from publicly available sources, databases and
websites, including social media platforms, and from third-party data vendors.
AbbVie may collect the following additional categories of Personal
Information from health care professionals:
Professional details, such as resumes or other documents or
forms provided directly to AbbVie, place of practice, job title,
professional contact details, the medical specialty, professional
license number, professional qualifications and scientific
activities (such as previous clinical trial experience, activity on
social media platforms or other websites, and participation in past
or pending research studies with AbbVie and other companies),
organizational or institutional affiliations, publication of
academic or scientific research and articles, and membership in
associations and boards.
Personal Information provided to participate in
AbbVie-sponsored or supported initiatives, such as AbbVie-sponsored
clinical research and development activities, online or in-person
seminars regarding product information and AbbVie services,
educational events, and clinical information updates.
Payment and other transfers of value details received from
your interactions with AbbVie, which may include, for example,
contributions to costs of educational events (such as registrations
fees, travel and accommodation expenses) and fees for services,
including consultancy services.
Additional uses of health care professional Personal Information
We use and disclose Personal Information of health care professionals
for the following additional purposes:
Complying with laws, regulations, or requirements imposed by
industry codes of conduct to disclose or publish payment and other
transfer of value data. These reporting activities will be based on
a legal reporting obligation or our legitimate interest in complying
with industry standards.
For internal accounting and analysis in connection with
AbbVie’s internal policies and rules, such as the AbbVie Code of
Business Conduct, based on AbbVie’s legitimate interests in ensuring
compliance with such policies and rules and protecting its interests
and assets.
To administer, manage and improve our relationship with you,
including through planning, organizing, and reviewing any
collaboration with you, segmentation, analysis, and combining of
such data to improve our understanding of and interactions with you
and to contact you. We may also process your Personal Information to
communicate to you about our products and programs, engage with you
about scientific or educational programs, administer our patient
support programs, respond to product orders, and provide product
samples. We process your Personal Information for these purposes
based on our legitimate interests in administering, managing and
improving our relationship with you.
If you or your institution have entered into a consulting,
professional services, or other type of agreement with us, we will
process your Personal Information for
the performance of our contract with you.
[Top]
Privacy of children
AbbVie does not knowingly collect or use any personal information
directly from children (we define “children” as minors younger than
13) on AbbVie Services. AbbVie Services are not directed to or
intended to interact directly with children. We do not knowingly allow
children to order our products, to communicate with us, or to use any
of our online Services. All AbbVie Services that support children are
directed to and are communicated with parents and guardians
only. If you are a parent or guardian and become aware that your
child has provided us with information, please contact us using one
of the methods in the
Your privacy
choices section, and we will work with you to
address this issue.
[Top]
Your privacy choices
You may contact us at any time if you have questions about this
Privacy Notice or the Personal Information we collect about you. You
can also opt-out or unsubscribe from any of our programs or services.
Please submit your privacy requests or inquiries here. Please contact us by clicking
on the “Contact” link,
by using the AbbVie contact information on the AbbVie mobile
application, by emailing us at privacyoffice@abbvie.com or
by calling us toll-free at 1-800-255-5162. Alternatively, you may send
a letter to the following address:
AbbVie Customer Service Attn: Privacy Department
36M 1 N. Waukegan Road North Chicago, IL  60064-6163
In all communications to AbbVie, please include the email address
used for registration (if applicable), the website address, mobile
application, or the specific AbbVie program to which you provided
Personal Information (e.g., AbbVie.com), and a detailed explanation of
your request. If you would like to delete, amend, or correct your
Personal Information and are contacting us by email, please put
“Deletion Request” or “Amendment/Correction Request” in the subject
line of the email. We will respond to all reasonable requests in a
timely manner and may need to further confirm your identity in order
to process certain requests.
Additional rights under European Union Data Protection Law
Under applicable data protection law, you may be entitled to request
access to and/or rectify, block, or delete your Personal Information,
transmission to another controller, withdraw your consent at any time
(this does not affect the lawfulness of previous data processing
activities), or object to any use of Personal Information. If AbbVie
will not be able to provide the requested information or make the
change you request, you will be provided with reasons for such
decision. Under local law you are also entitled to lodge a complaint
with your local data protection authority.
You have the right to object to the processing activities described
in this Privacy Notice that are based on our legitimate interests.
Please submit your privacy inquiries here. Alternatively, you may send a letter to Knollstraße, 67061Ludwigshafen, Germany
(attention: EU DPO).
[Top]
Data security
AbbVie maintains reasonable technical, administrative and physical
controls to secure any Personal Information collected through the
AbbVie Services. However, there is always some risk that an
unauthorized third party could intercept an Internet transmission, or
that someone will find a way to thwart our security systems. We urge
you to exercise caution when transmitting Personal Information over
the Internet, especially your health-related information. AbbVie
cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not gain access
to your Personal Information; therefore, when submitting Personal Information to AbbVie
Services, you must weigh both the benefits and the risks.
[Top]
Links to third-party sites and social media plug-ins
This Privacy Notice does not apply to AbbVie Services that do not
link to this Privacy Notice, or to third-party websites to which
AbbVie Services may link. AbbVie Services may use social media
plug-ins (e.g., the Facebook “Like” button, “Share to Twitter” button)
to enable you to easily share information with others. When you visit
AbbVie Services, the operator of the social plug-in can place a cookie
on your computer or other electronic device that enables that operator
to recognize individuals who have previously visited our sites. If you
are logged into the social media website (e.g., Facebook, Twitter)
while browsing on our AbbVie Site, the social media plug-in allows
that social media website to receive information that you have visited
our AbbVie Site. The social media plug-in also allows the social media
website to share information about your activities on our AbbVie Site
with other users of their social media website. These sharing settings are managed by the
social media website and governed by its privacy policy.
[Top]
Accessing our sites globally
This site is owned and operated by AbbVie in the United States, but
the information you provide will be accessible to our affiliates,
vendors, and suppliers in other countries. Furthermore, if you are
visiting this site from a country other than the United States, your
communication with us will necessarily result in the transfer of
information across international borders. These territories may not
provide a level of protection to Personal Information equivalent to
that provided by your home country. Our company maintains an
Inter-Affiliate Data Transfer Agreement, which is based on the EU
model contract for data transfers to controllers and covers all
Personal Information transfers between AbbVie Inc. and its affiliates
worldwide to ensure the adequate protection of your Personal
Information. A copy can be obtained by sending an email to privacyoffice@abbvie.com.
Any transfers of Personal Information to third parties outside the EEA
will be conducted in compliance with the international data transfer
restrictions that apply under EU data
protection laws, including, where appropriate, through the use of EU
model contracts for data transfers to processors.
[Top]
Changes to our Privacy Notice
We will collect and use Personal Information only in the manner
described in the Privacy Notice in effect when the Personal
Information was collected. However, and subject to any applicable
consent requirements, we reserve the right to change the terms of this
Privacy Notice at any time. Any changes to this Privacy Notice will be
reflected on this page with a new effective date. AbbVie encourages
you to review this Privacy Notice regularly for any changes. Any
Personal Information collected upon your continued use of AbbVie
Services will be handled in accordance with the currently posted
Privacy Notice.
Check this Privacy Notice regularly, as we may change or update
portions of this Privacy Notice from time to time, subject to any
applicable consent requirements. Any changes will be promptly posted
to this page and accompanied by a new effective date at the top of
this page.
[Top]
Other countries:
Algeria
Privacy Policy Belarus
Privacy Policy Bosnia
and Herzegovina Chile Privacy
Policy Egypt Privacy Policy (LLC|Ltd.)
Estonia Privacy
Policy Kazakhstan
Privacy Policy Latvia Privacy
Policy Lebanon Privacy
Policy Lithuania Privacy
Policy Morocco
Privacy Policy Romania Privacy
Policy Saudi
Arabia Privacy Policy Serbia
Privacy Policy South
Africa Privacy Policy Tunisia
Privacy Policy United Arab
Emirates Privacy Policy
[Top]
×
You are about to leave the AbbVie website
The product-specific site Internet site that you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or countries, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals that are not approved in other countries or region. If you are a resident of a country other than those to which the site is directed, please return to AbbVie.com or contact your local AbbVie affiliate to obtain the appropriate product information for your country of residence. The Internet site that you have requested may not be optimized to your screen size. Do you wish to continue to this product-specific site?
Yes
I agree
No
I disagree
×
You are about to leave for a 3rd party website
The link below will take you out of the AbbVie family of websites. Links which take you out of the AbbVie worldwide websites are not under the control of AbbVie, and AbbVie is not responsible for the contents of any such site or any further links from such site. AbbVie is providing these links to you only as a convenience and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement of the linked site by AbbVie. The Internet site that you have requested may not be optimized to your screen size. Do you wish to leave this site?
Yes
Accept
Default Reject Description
Learn More
Disclaimer Notice - Important
Recommended Offer for Allergan plc (“Allergan”) by AbbVie Inc. (“AbbVie”) (the “Acquisition”) by means of a scheme of arrangement under Irish law (the “Scheme”). You are attempting to enter the section of this website that is designated for the publication of documents and information in connection with the offer by AbbVie for Allergan announced on June 25, 2019 (the “Offer”). ACCESS TO THIS SECTION OF THE WEBSITE MAY BE RESTRICTED UNDER SECURITIES LAWS IN CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS. THIS NOTICE REQUIRES YOU TO CONFIRM CERTAIN MATTERS (INCLUDING THAT YOU ARE NOT RESIDENT IN SUCH A JURISDICTION), BEFORE YOU MAY OBTAIN ACCESS TO THE INFORMATION. THE INFORMATION IS NOT DIRECTED AT, AND IS NOT INTENDED TO BE ACCESSIBLE BY, PERSONS RESIDENT IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OF THAT JURISDICTION. IF YOU ARE NOT PERMITTED TO VIEW THE INFORMATION, OR VIEWING THE INFORMATION WOULD RESULT IN A BREACH OF THE ABOVE, OR YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO WHETHER YOU ARE PERMITTED TO VIEW THE INFORMATION, PLEASE EXIT THIS WEBPAGE. THIS SECTION OF THE WEBSITE CONTAINS ANNOUNCEMENTS, DOCUMENTS AND INFORMATION (TOGETHER THE "INFORMATION") RELATING TO THE OFFER IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE IRISH TAKEOVER PANEL ACT, 1997, TAKEOVER RULES 2013 (THE "IRISH TAKEOVER RULES"). THE INFORMATION IS BEING MADE AVAILABLE IN GOOD FAITH AND FOR INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY, AND ITS AVAILABILITY IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET OUT BELOW. THE INFORMATION IS NOT INTENDED TO, AND DOES NOT, CONSTITUTE OR FORM ANY PART OF AN OFFER TO SELL OR OTHERWISE DISPOSE OF OR AN INVITATION OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO PURCHASE OR OTHERWISE ACQUIRE ANY SECURITIES, OR THE SOLICITATION OF A VOTE OR APPROVAL PURSUANT TO THE INFORMATION OR OTHERWISE. ANY PERSON SEEKING ACCESS TO THIS SECTION OF ABBVIE’S WEBSITE REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS TO ABBVIE THAT THEY ARE DOING SO FOR INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY. BASIS OF ACCESS TO INFORMATION Please read this notice carefully before clicking "I agree" or "I disagree" below. This notice applies to all persons who view this section of the website and, depending on where you live, it may affect your rights. This notice may be amended or updated by AbbVie from time to time and it should be read carefully in full each time you wish to view the website. In addition, the content of the website, and its accessibility by certain persons, may be amended at any time in whole or in part at the sole discretion of AbbVie. The Information speaks only at the date of the relevant document or announcement and AbbVie has, and accepts, no responsibility or duty to update any Information (other than to the extent such duty arises as a matter of law or regulation). For regulatory reasons we have to ensure you are aware of the appropriate regulations for the country which you are in. To allow you to view details relating to the Offer, you have to read the following and then press "I agree". If you are unable to agree you should press "I disagree" and you will not be able to view any such details. OVERSEAS PERSONS The Information is not for publication or distribution, directly or indirectly, in or into any jurisdiction where it would be unlawful to do so. The Information is not intended to and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to subscribe for or buy or an invitation to purchase or subscribe for any securities or the solicitation of any votes attaching to securities which are the subject of the Offer in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or invitation is unlawful, nor shall there be any sale, issuance or transfer of securities in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law. In particular, the Information is not an offer of securities for sale into the United States. No offer of securities shall be made in the United States absent registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, such registration requirements. Any securities issued in the Acquisition are anticipated to be issued in reliance upon available exemptions from such registration requirements pursuant to Section 3(a)(10) of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Information may not be downloaded or accessed by any person from or in any jurisdiction where it would or may constitute a breach of any applicable laws or regulations.
If you are not permitted to view or download the Information on the website, or viewing or downloading the Information would result in a breach of the above, or you are in any doubt as to whether you are permitted to view or download the Information, please exit this webpage by clicking on the "I disagree" box below. By clicking on the "I agree" box below, you certify that you will not forward, transmit, show or distribute (by any means including by electronic transmission) the Information to any person. In particular, you certify that you will not forward or transmit the Information either in whole or in part to any person in any jurisdiction where such distribution may be restricted by applicable law or regulation. Failure to comply with any such restrictions may constitute a violation of the laws and/or regulations of any such jurisdiction. CONFIRMATION OF UNDERSTANDING AND ACCEPTANCE OF THIS NOTICE By clicking on "I agree" below, you confirm that you have read, understood and agreed to be bound by the terms of the notice set out above and that you are not in, or a resident of, any jurisdiction where to download or view the Information would constitute a breach of securities law or regulation in that jurisdiction. If you click "I disagree" below, we will be unable to provide you with access to the Information and you will be redirected to AbbVie’s homepage. Subject to any continuing obligations under applicable law or any relevant regulatory requirements, AbbVie expressly disclaims any obligation to disseminate, after the date of the posting of any document or announcement on this webpage, any updates or revisions to any statements in such documents or announcements in relation to the Offer to reflect any change in expectations or events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements are based. If you are in any doubt about the contents of this section of the website or the action you should take, you should seek your own financial advice from an appropriately authorised independent financial adviser.
Accept and continue
I agree
Return to AbbVie.com Home
I disagree
×
Default Title
Default Description
Accept
Default Accept Description
Accept
Reject
Default Reject Description
Reject