http://www.safetech.es/en/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
SAFETECH
+34 943 800129
EnglishEspañol
Rubber
Fabric
Metal
HomePrivacy policy
Privacy policy
We at Safetech are fully aware of how valuable your privacy is. That is why we only require one of your particulars, such as your name or your e-mail when it is absolutely necessary in order to provide you with any information, products or services you ask us for or to contact you. In such cases, we would inform you that we are going to store the aforementioned particular(s) and why we are going to do so before you send them.
You are under no obligation to provide us with all the personal data we ask you for; only the data which is essential for the purposes of supplying you with whatever you require or contacting you. We will indicate those data with an asterisk (*) or “required” term and, under no circumstances will the fact that you do not make the non-compulsory particulars available to us entail your receiving a lower quality service.
The particulars that you make available to us will be stored in one or several files which will allow us to gain automatic access to the said particulars thus making for greater agility whenever you should require our services. Depending on the type of data they contain, the files will be registered with the corresponding level of protection in the Data Protection Agency.
If you have at any time provided us with personal data, you may, if and when you wish, exercise your right to opposition, access, rectification and cancellation in accordance with the Data Protection Law by sending us an e-mail to info@safetech.es or a letter to:
Safetech SLU | Polígono Guardi 4 Sector 13-1. 84-89. 20213 – Idiazabal (Spain)
Phone : +34 943 80 01 29
Fax : +34 943 80 01 40
Providing other companies with data
If, in order to provide you with any information, products or services that you may require, we should need to contact other companies (The Post Office, a courier service or a transport service for example), they will only receive information which is absolutely necessary for them to do what is required of them and they will be forbidden to use such information for any other purpose.
Cookies
In accordance with the provisions of the Information Society Services and Electronic Commerce Act (LSSI), Safetech hereby informs you that this Web Portal uses cookies. A cookie is a file that is downloaded to the user’s device when accessing certain web pages to store and retrieve information about navigation from that computer.
In order to make full use of the contents and customised functions of this website, the browser on your computer or mobile device must accept these cookies. Most browsers are already set for this purpose.
The cookies used on this website do not store confidential information such as your name, address, etc. However, if you wish to restrict, block or delete the cookies on this Web Portal, you can configure your browser to reject or accept them, or to delete them automatically every time you close your browser or switch off your computer.
You can change the cookie settings on your browser as follows:
Chrome, from this link
Explorer, from this link
Firefox, from this link
Safari, from this link
If you share contents from this Web Portal via social networks like Facebook and Twitter, you may receive cookies from those sites. Enabling or disabling third party cookies is beyond the control of Safetech, and we therefore suggest that you consult those third party websites to obtain information on their cookies and how to manage them.
Used Cookies
Cookies that are strictly necessary for the provision of certain specifically requested services by the user: if these cookies are disabled, you will not receive our content and services properly, and
Analytical cookies (for monitoring and statistical analysis of the behaviour of all users); if these cookies are disabled, the web site will continue to operate without prejudice that the information collected by these cookies about your use of our website and the success of the ads shown on it can improve our services and offer you a great deal of free content.
Identification	_ga	pll_language	viewed_cookie_policy
Purpose	(3rd party) Get anonymous statistics for traffic analysis on the web	Save session language	Cookies policy compliance
Provider	Google	Safetech	Safetech
Duration	2 years	Session	Session
Updating of this declaration
At some time, we may be obliged to make some changes in our Privacy Policy in the sense that it may be necessary to adapt it to the laws currently in force at any given time. For this reason, we recommend that you visit this site whenever you are going to send personal data.