https://www.vigil.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
Home
About Us
Products
Vigil Memory Care System
Nurse Call System
Vitality Wireless Call System
Cloud Applications
Specialty Monitoring
Notification Devices
Integrations
Customer Product Order Form
Customers
Support & Training
Online Support Center
Customer Product Order Form
Returns/Warranty
Vigil Referral Program
Blog
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Vigil Health Solutions Inc. (Vigil) is committed to maintaining the principles of integrity and trust with respect to the accuracy, confidentiality, and security of personal information and to maintaining compliance with the current laws and regulations governing the confidentiality and security of information obtained and maintained within our possession.
This commitment extends to any personal information about our customers that we might possess or acquire.
We have established the following principles that govern our information practices:
We will communicate to you the purposes that your personal information is being collected for.
To provide you with the necessary functionalities required during your use of our websites, applications and services, and to review capacity requirements and compliance with the applicable usage terms, including but not limited to:
To establish care plan connections between care recipients and care providers;
To monitor and report on care plan use;
To provide location information regarding care recipients and/or care providers;
For quality control of Vigil and third-party services;
For research towards improvement or development of future products or services related to our core business;
For market research regarding existing and proposed products; for the purpose of marketing Vigil’s product and services;
To establish client identification and facilitate relationship building between sales personnel and customers;
To complete the sale and installation of Vigil products
To provide customer support and related services
To assist or manage the issuance, transfer, exercise or other activity relating to Vigil securities and security holders;
To share or exchange information with personnel or client reporting agencies, credit bureaus, and any other person, corporation, firm or enterprise to verify the accuracy of personal information;
For billing, accounting and payroll services relating to our products, services, and personnel remuneration;
To determine personnel eligibility for hire, awards, pay and performance evaluations, termination, benefits, etc.;
For internal, external and regulatory audit purposes;
To comply with legal and regulatory requirements.
We collect the following information
Name, location, email address, user ID and contact information;
Device information – information about your computer or mobile devices, including platform information, user identification number and device location;
Application information – including which versions of applications are used, how your applications are used and the duration of use of your applications;
Information for connecting third party devices, including device ID, locations, descriptions, type;
Network information – network information, including IP address, network carrier and country code, browsing information, such as how and when you interact with the Services;
Cookies and other tracking technologies may be used by our service partners;
Other information you provide to us, including descriptions of device locations, purpose, etc.
We only use and disclose your information for the intended purpose for which it was collected.
We require third parties that process Vigil data to hold all personally identifiable information confidential, and to use our customer information only for the purpose of fulfilling their business obligation. Vigil does not sell personally identifiable information to third party marketers. Vigil may release personal information in the event that we are legally obligated to do so.
We use recognized industry safeguards to protect personally identifiable information from unauthorized access or use.
Vigil will protect personally identifiable information that you have provided by employing security safeguards that are appropriate to the sensitivity and format of the information. We will protect all personal information in our control against risks of loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, or modification. We will protect personally identifiable information stored on our servers from unauthorized access using commercially available computer security products (e.g., firewalls), as well as carefully developed security procedures and practices. Any information submitted via the Internet is subject to protection under the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) in Canada; Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPPA) in the US, and appropriate state, local and partner requirements (collectively the Acts).
Vigil integrates with third party providers using industry standard exchange formats.  These integrations include those used for smart phone applications, which involve both cellular providers and smartphone suppliers; voice activated services including Google Home and Amazon Alexa; voice, email and SMS delivery systems; location providers (GPS and other systems) and may, depending on your specific situation, include other third party systems installed in, or accessed from your facility.
Vigil websites may contain links to other third-party sites that are not governed by this privacy policy. Although we endeavor to link only to sites with high privacy standards, our Privacy Policy will no longer apply once you leave our website (“www.vigil.com”). We are not responsible for privacy policies employed by other third parties or any foreign affiliates, since they would be governed by privacy legislation applicable in their country of residence. We suggest, therefore, that the privacy statements of those sites be examined to learn how personal information may be collected, used and/or disclosed.
At your request we will update your personal information that you have provided to us.
Vigil will make reasonable efforts to ensure that personal information in our control is accurate and complete.  If we collect personal information, we will maintain the information and allow you to update it at any time.
We will tell you how you can contact us regarding our privacy statement and practices.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, our information handling practices, or any other aspects of your privacy and the security of information, please e-mail us at information@vigil.com or call us at 1-877-850-1122. Our mailing address is: 2102 – 4464 Markham St.., Victoria, BC, V8Z 7X8, ATTN: Privacy Officer.
We retain the flexibility to update this policy.
To ensure this Policy remains current and complies with the guidelines set out by the Acts, Vigil may periodically update this policy to describe how new processes may affect our use of your information and to let you know of new controls and features that we may provide you. Vigil will NOT apply changes to this policy retroactively to information Vigil has previously collected.
2019-SEPT-11