http://www.bmcwest.com/bmc/s/privacyPolicy
Undetermined Location
Service Area :
×
VIEW PRODUCT & SERVICES IN YOUR AREA
Our product selection varies by market. Please provide your zip code to ensure accuracy.
Get To Know Us
About Us
Leadership
Board Of Directors
Company History
Giving Back
Latest News
Careers
Product & Services
Our Products
Trusses, I-Joists & Engineered Lumber
Lumber & Composites
Flooring
Exterior Building Materials
Outdoors & Landscaping
Doors
Windows & Patio Doors
Electrical, Plumbing, Heating & Cooling
Stairs & Stair Parts
Insulation & Drywall
Moulding & Millwork
Cabinets & Countertops
Hardware & Supplies
Tools
Our Services
BMC Logistics Solutions
BMC Millwork Capabilities
BMC Specialty Building Products
Cabinets
Credit
Decking
Dedicated Account Representatives
Door Shop
Engineered Wood Products
Estimating
EWP Design
Green Building Solutions
BMC Guard Shack
Installation
Interior Barn Doors
Jobsite Delivery
Lumber & Framing Hardware
READY-FRAME®
Residential Projects
Sheetrock
Showroom and Design Center
Stair Parts
Structural Products and Design Specialist
Value Engineering
Will Call Customer Pickup
Advanced Manufacturing
Custom Millwork
Showrooms & Design Centers
Inspiration
Insights & Trends Blog
Catalogs & Literature
Building Science
Innovation
Advanced Manufacturing
READY-FRAME®
Technology Solutions
Investors
Investor Overview
Investor News
Events & Presentations
Corporate Governance
Financial Information
Stock Information
Investor Resources
Request Quote
Account Access
Request Quote
Account Access
|
Assign Job
or
Contact Us for Help
Create New List
Save to List
Create a name for your new list
Save
Home
Online Privacy Notice
Need help?
Contact Us!
Online Privacy Notice
Effective Date:
June 3, 2016
We at BMC Stock Holdings, Inc along with our subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “BMC”, “we”, “our” or “us”), respect your concerns about privacy.
This Online Privacy Notice describes the types of personal information we obtain on www.stockbuildingsupply.com, www.stocksupply.com, and www.smootonline.com (the “Sites”), how we may use the information and with whom we may share it.
The Notice also describes the measures we take to safeguard the personal information we obtain on the Sites and how you can contact us about our privacy practices.
Click on one of the links below to jump to the listed section:
Information We Obtain
Information We Obtain By Automated Means
How We Use The Information We Obtain
Information We Share
Your Options
Links To Other Websites
How We Protect Personal Information
Updates To Our Online Privacy Notice
How To Contact Us
Information We Obtain
The types of information we collect on the Sites include:
Individual and business contact information (such as name, physical address, email address, and telephone and fax number);
Payment information (such as payment card number, expiration date, billing address and authorization number or security code);
Login credentials; and
Other information you submit to us, such as through our “Contact Us” feature.
If you apply for credit on the Sites, we also may collect:
Social Security number;
Driver’s license or other government-issued identification number;
Bank account information;
Date of birth; and
Information about other individuals that you provide to us, such as the contact information of your references and personal information of the principals of your company (including name, contact information, Social Security number and date of birth).
If you create a profile to apply for positions or apply for positions on the Sites, we also may collect:
Social Security number;
Driver’s license or other government-issued identification number;
Gender;
Date of birth;
Citizenship and work authorization status;
Employment and education history;
Citizenship and work authorization information;
Criminal record information;
Contact information of references you provide to us; and
Other information about your qualifications, such as information in your resume or C.V.
If you apply for a position, you may provide information on your gender, race or ethnicity on a voluntary basis.
BMC will not consider either this information or your choice to decline to provide it in evaluating your qualifications for employment with us.
We may use this information to the extent necessary or appropriate for compliance with relevant legal or contractual obligations and for other internal purposes.
If you provide us with information about other individuals in connection with an application for credit or employment (such as your references or the principals of your company), you represent that you have notified and obtained consent from the relevant individuals (i) to provide us with their information and (ii) for us to contact them by email or telephone.
Please do not provide us with information about third parties unless you have notified them and obtained their consent as described above.
Information We Obtain By Automated Means
In addition, when you visit our Sites, we may collect certain information by automated means, such as cookies, web server logs and web beacons.
The information we collect in this manner includes IP address, browser characteristics, device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, information on actions taken on the Sites, and dates and times of website visits.
A “cookie” is a text file that websites send to a visitor’s computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser.
A “web beacon,” also known as an Internet tag, pixel tag or clear GIF, links web pages to web servers and their cookies and may be used to transmit information collected through cookies back to a web server.
Through these automated collection methods, we obtain “clickstream data,” which is a log of content on which a visitor clicks while browsing a website.
As the visitor clicks through the website, a record of the action may be collected and stored.
We may link certain data elements we have collected through automated means, such as your browser information, with other information we have obtained about you to let us know, for example, whether you have opened an email we sent to you.
Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies or how to restrict or disable certain types of cookies.
Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of the Sites.
We also may use third-party web analytics services on our Sites, such as those of Google Analytics.
These service providers help us analyze how visitors use the Sites.
The information obtained for this purpose (including your IP address and other information collected by automated means) will be disclosed to or collected directly by these service providers.
To learn about opting out of Google Analytics, please click here.
Neither we nor any third parties on our Sites obtain personal information about our visitors’ online activities, over time and across third-party websites.
The Sites are not designed to respond to “do not track” signals from browsers.
The providers of third-party apps, tools, widgets and plug-ins on the Sites, such as third-party Facebook “Like” buttons, also may use automated means to collect information regarding your interactions with these features.
This information is subject to the privacy policies or notices of these providers.
How We Use The Information We Obtain
We may use the information we obtain to:
Provide products and services to you, such as materials and solutions for professional homebuilders and contractors;
Process your payments;
If you apply for credit from or a position with BMC, evaluate your application, obtain background and credit information, and contact your references, as appropriate;
Send you promotional materials, newsletters and other communications;
Create and manage your account;
Communicate with you about, and administer your participation in, special events, programs, promotions, offers, surveys and market research;
Respond to your inquiries;
Verify your information;
Perform data analyses (including market and consumer research, demographic analyses and anonymization and aggregation of personal information);
Operate, evaluate and improve our business (including developing new products and services; enhancing, improving and analyzing our products and services; managing our communications; and performing accounting, auditing and other internal functions);
Protect against, identify and prevent fraud and other unlawful activity; and
Comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards and our policies, including our Website Terms and Conditions.
In addition, we use information collected online through cookies, web beacons and other automated means for purposes such as (i) customizing our users’ visits to our Sites, (ii) delivering content tailored to our users’ interests and the manner in which our users browse our Sites, and (iii) managing our business.
We also use this information to help diagnose technical and service problems, administer our Sites, identify users of our Sites, and gather demographic information about our users.
We use clickstream data to determine how much time users spend on web pages of our Sites, which websites they come from, how users navigate through our Sites, and how we may tailor our Sites to better meet the needs of our users.
We also may use the information we obtain about you in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.
Information We Share
We do not sell or otherwise share personal information about you, except as described in this Online Privacy Notice.
We may share the personal information we obtain with our affiliates for the purposes described in this Online Privacy Notice.
We also share personal information with third parties who perform services on our behalf based on our instructions.
These third parties are not authorized by us to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements.
In addition, if you are part of a company account, we share your contact information with your company’s account administrator.
Information collected through third-party apps, tools, widgets and plug-ins (such as information relating to your use of a Facebook “Like” button) is collected directly by the providers of these features.
This information is subject to the privacy policies of the providers of the features, and BMC is not responsible for those providers’ information practices.
We also may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law, regulation or legal process (such as a court order or subpoena), (ii) in response to requests by government agencies, such as law enforcement authorities, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity.
We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution or liquidation).
Your Options
We offer you certain choices about how we communicate with you.
To unsubscribe from our marketing emails, click the unsubscribe link in a relevant email.
To submit a request, please contact us as indicated in the “How To Contact Us” section of this Online Privacy Notice.
Links To Other Websites
Our Sites may contain links to other websites for your convenience and information.
These websites may be operated by companies not affiliated with BMC.
Linked websites may have their own privacy policies or notices, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked websites.
We are not responsible for the content of any websites that are not affiliated with BMC, any use of those websites, or the privacy practices of those websites.
How We Protect Personal Information
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information you provide against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use.
Updates To Our Online Privacy Notice
This Online Privacy Notice may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices.
We will post a prominent notice on our Sites to notify you of any significant changes to our Online Privacy Notice and indicate at the top of the notice when it was most recently updated.
How To Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Online Privacy Notice, or if you would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, please contact us by email at CustomerService@BuildWithBMC.com.
You also may write to us at:
BMC
ATTN:
General Counsel
Two Lakeside Commons
980 Hammond Drive, Suite 500
Atlanta, GA 30328
Top