http://www.findrfp.com/service/privacy.aspx
Home
|
Find RFP
Service
|
Why Find RFP
|
RFP Sources
|
Bidding Tips
|
e-Purchasing
952-736-1000
My Find RFP
Sign Up
Search federal, state, local government RFPs,
bids & contracts
All bids, RFPs, contracts
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey)
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
District of Columbia
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms
and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you
are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not
agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this
site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable
copyright and trade mark law.
2. Disclaimer
a. The materials on Government Bids and Contracts Services, Inc web site are
provided "as is". Government Bids and Contracts Services, Inc makes no
warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other
warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of
intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Government Bids and
Contracts Services, Inc does not warrant or make any representations concerning
the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its
Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked
to this site.
3. Limitations
In no event shall Government Bids and Contracts Services, Inc or its
suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for
loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use
or inability to use the materials on Government Bids and Contracts Services,
Inc's Internet site, even if Government Bids and Contracts Services, Inc or a
Government Bids and Contracts Services, Inc authorized representative has been
notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some
jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of
liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not
apply to you.
4. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Government Bids and Contracts Services, Inc's
web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors.
Government Bids and Contracts Services, Inc does not warrant that any of the
materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Government Bids
and Contracts Services, Inc may make changes to the materials contained on its
web site at any time without notice. Government Bids and Contracts Services, Inc
does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
5. Links
Government Bids and Contracts Services, Inc has not reviewed all of the sites
linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any
such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by
Government Bids and Contracts Services, Inc of the site. Use of any such linked
web site is at the user's own risk.
6. Site
Terms of Use Modifications Government Bids and Contracts Services, Inc may
revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using
this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these
Terms and Conditions of Use.
7. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Government Bids and Contracts Services, Inc's web
site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Minnesota without regard to
its conflict of law provisions.
General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site. .
Privacy Statement
Government Bids and Contracts Services, Inc. and its subsidiary companies
respect the privacy rights of our online visitors and recognize the importance
of protecting the information collected about you. We have adopted a corporate
wide Online Privacy Policy that guides how we collect, store and use the
information you provide online.
By using this site, you signify your assent to the Government Bids and
Contracts Services, Inc. Online Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this
policy, please do not use any Government Bids and Contracts Services, Inc.
site. We reserve the right to make changes in this policy at any time. Please
check the policy each time you use our web site to ensure you are aware of any
changes in our privacy practices.
Information Collected
Government Bids and Contracts Services will only collect and use personal
information in accordance with this privacy policy to the extent deemed
reasonably necessary to serve our legitimate business purposes, and we will
maintain appropriate safeguards to ensure the security, integrity, accuracy and
privacy of the information you have provided.
Personal information is information that identifies you and may be used to
contact you on-line or off-line. Government Bids and Contracts Services, Inc.
collects personal information from our online visitors during registration for
membership on our sites or when you order products or subscriptions from us
online, or when you request services from third party service providers on our
site or through the use of our software or online services.
Information collected will vary depending upon the activity and may include
your name, e-mail address, phone number, mobile number, home address, and
credit card information. In addition, we may collect demographic information
such as gender, zip code, information about your computer, hardware, software,
platform, media, Internet IP address and connection, information about online
activity such as feature usage, user rankings and click paths and other data
that you may provide. We may combine demographic information with personal
information. Prize winners may also be required to provide Social Security or
Social Identification Number for tax purposes.
We do not require personal information to obtain access to any of our sites;
however, you will not be able to access areas that require registration.
Whatever the purpose may be, we will only collect information to the extent
reasonably necessary to fulfill your requests and our legitimate business
objectives.
Government Bids and Contracts Services also maintains log files which contain
Internet Protocol ("IP") addresses. An IP address is a numeric address that is
assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider. In general, we
only use log files to monitor traffic on our Web sites, to troubleshoot
technical problems. IP addresses and console IDs may be linked to personal
information.
Use of the Information
The information collected by Government Bids and Contracts Services is used for
sending notifications and other related information to you and for providing
follow-ups as part of the service you subscribe. We will also alert you to new
products, features and enhancements; special offers; upgrade opportunities; and
contests and events of interest.
We may send emails that may contain information regarding third-party products
or services; however, this doesn't mean that we've traded your personal
information to any party. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings at any
point by notifying us.
We will not release your personal data to anyone else without your consent,
except to enforce legal rights and the law, or when we have reason to believe
that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or
interference with our rights, property, operations, users or others who may be
harmed or may suffer loss or damage. We may disclose personal information in
the event of a dispute.
Update or Removal of Information
You decide to discontinue your subscription or receiving our information and
communications from us at any time. If you wish to update your personal
information maintained by Government Bids and Contracts Services, Inc. or
deactivate or remove your account(s) from our mailing list, please email the
customer service. We will be happy to review, update the information as
appropriate. We may still retain your information in our files however, to
resolve disputes, enforce our user agreement, and due to technical and legal
requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity and operation
of our websites.
Third Party Sites
Please note that this policy applies only to sites maintained by Government Bids
and Contracts Services, Inc. or its subsidiaries, and not to web sites
maintained by other companies or organizations to which we link.
If you click on a link to a third party site, you will leave the Government
Bids and Contracts Services, Inc. site you are visiting and go to the site you
selected. Because we cannot control the activities of third parties, we are not
responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites, and we
do not guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy and security
practices as Government Bids and Contracts Services, Inc. We encourage you to
read the privacy statements of these linked sites, as their Privacy Policy may
differ from ours.
Search
RFPs |
Government
RFP Sources |
RFP by State |
Service Options |
FAQ |
Search Tips |
Government RFP 101
|
Bids by Industry
Submit A URL |
Testimonials |
Privacy
Statement |
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use |
Partner |
In
the News |
RFP, Bids & Contract Blogs |
Whitelist  |
Contact Us
All Rights Reserved.
www.FindRFP.com
Updated:12/11/2020
FindRFP Inc, The leader in
Government RFP,
Government Bids,
Government Contracts
Finder and Notification