https://www.the24hoursecretary.com/cookie-policy/
Home
Faqs
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
About
Blog
Media
Services
Content Marketing Specialist
Customer Acquisition Specialist
Internet Marketing Specialist
Social Media Marketing
Secretarial Services
Transcription Services
Business Transcription
Legal Transcription Services
Medical Transcription
HIPAA Compliance
Quality Assurance
Virtual Assistant Services
Alliance
Contact
Send Files
Request for Quote
Needs Assessment
Call us at: 1-888-254-7636
Name:
Email:
Sharon Williams
Your data protection and privacy are important to me, so I have implemented a cookie policy; please read on. You can also click here for our Privacy Policy.
What’s a cookie?
A “cookie” is a piece of information that is stored on your computer’s hard drive and which records how you move your way around a website so that, when you revisit that website, it can present tailored options based on the information stored about your last visit. Cookies can also be used to analyze traffic and for advertising and marketing purposes.
Cookies are used by nearly all websites and do not harm your system.
If you want to check or change what types of cookies you accept, this can usually be altered within your browser settings. You can block cookies at any time by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
How do we use cookies?
We use cookies to track your use of our website. This enables us to understand how you use the site and track any patterns with regards how you are using our website. This helps us to develop and improve our website as well as products and/or services in response to what you might need or want.
Cookies are either:
– Session cookies: these are only stored on your computer during your web session and are automatically deleted when you close your browser – they usually store an anonymous session ID allowing you to browse a website without having to log in to each page but they do not collect any personal data from your computer; or
– Persistent cookies: a persistent cookie is stored as a file on your computer and it remains there when you close your web browser. The cookie can be read by the website that created it when you visit that website again.
Cookies can also be categorized as follows:
– Strictly necessary cookies: These cookies are essential to enable you to use the website effectively, such as when buying a product and/or service, and therefore cannot be turned off. Without these cookies, the services available to you on our website cannot be provided. These cookies do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing or remembering where you have been on the internet.
– Performance cookies: These cookies enable us to monitor and improve the performance of our website. For example, they allow us to count visits, identify traffic sources and see which parts of the site are most popular.
– Functionality cookies: These cookies allow our website to remember choices you make and provide enhanced features. For instance, we may be able to provide you with news or updates relevant to the services you use. They may also be used to provide services you have requested such as viewing a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect is usually anonymized.
Additional Information
This site has the Cookie Law Info plugin which means you will get a pop-up about cookies, as per the 2012 EU Cookie law.
I have Tracking links for Google Analytics, Facebook, Amazon affiliate links, and other affiliate links within the site. If you click on a link and go to another site, their Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy will apply.
If you have any questions or concerns, please email: info@The24HourSecretary.com.
MARKETING SERVICES
Content Marketing Strategist
Customer Acquisition
Internet Marketing
Social Media Marketing
ADMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT
Secretarial Services
Virtual Assistant Services
TRANSCRIPTION SERVICES
General Transcription Services
Business Transcription Services
Legal Transcription Services
Medical Transcription Services
The 24 Hour Secretary
888-254-7636
443-802-5968
Available 24-Hours a day
2532 Molton Way
Windsor Mill, MD 21244
Privacy Policy