http://www.salesconsulting.com/privacy-policy
TERMS & CONDITIONS
Please read these terms carefully before using this website. Using this website indicates that you accept these terms. If you do not accept these terms, do not use this website.
Use Of Site
CommonWealth Growth Strategies authorizes you to view and download the materials on this website for your personal and non-commercial use only, provided that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original materials or any copies of the materials. You may not modify the materials on this site in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, or distribute or otherwise use them for any public or commercial purpose. For the purposes of these terms, any use of these materials on any other website or networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited. The materials at this site are copyrighted and any unauthorized use of any materials at this site may violate copyright, trademark and other laws. If you breach any of these terms, your authorization to use this site automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed materials.
Links To Other Web Sites
Links to third party websites on this site are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave this site. CommonWealth Growth Strategies does not control and is not responsible for any of these sites or their content. Thus, CommonWealth Growth Strategies does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this site, you do this entirely at your own risk.
Disclaimer
The materials provided at this site are provided “as is” without any warranties of any kind including warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property. CommonWealth Growth Strategies further does not warrant the accuracy and completeness of the materials on this site. CommonWealth Growth Strategies may make changes to the materials on this site, or to the information and products described in them, at any time without notice. The materials on this site may be out of date, and CommonWealth Growth Strategies makes no commitment to update the materials on this site.
Limitation Of Liability
In no event will CommonWealth Growth Strategies, its suppliers, or other third parties mentioned at this site be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, those resulting from lost profits, lost data or business interruption) arising out of the use, inability to use, or the results of use of this site, any websites linked to this site, or the materials or information contained at any or all such sites, whether based on warranty, contract, tort or any other legal theory and whether or not advised of the possibility of such damages. If your use of the materials or information from this site results in the need for servicing, repair or correction of equipment or data, you assume all costs thereof. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Intellectual Property
The names, images and logos identifying and owned by CommonWealth Growth Strategies or third parties and their products and services are subject to copyright, design rights and trademarks of CommonWealth Growth Strategies and/or third parties. Nothing contained in these terms shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or right to use any trademark, patent, design right or copyright of CommonWealth Growth Strategies, or any other third party.
General
CommonWealth Growth Strategies may revise these terms at any time by updating this posting. You should visit this page from time to time to review the then-current terms because they are binding on you. Certain provisions of these terms may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages on this site.
Note: Anyone linking to this website must comply with the guidelines for linking and all applicable laws.
PRIVACY POLICY
Thank you for visiting CommonWealth Growth Strategies. Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at this site.
Information Collected and How it is Used
You always remain in control of the information you provide to CommonWealth Growth Strategies. We collect two types of information about visitors: Personal information (such as name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, if you register with us, etc.) which you have voluntarily submitted to us, and Aggregate information (such as information about how many visitors log on to our sites, the pages they access, etc.).
In general, you can visit our website without telling us who you are or revealing personal information about yourself, although you may then not be able to view all content or information. We collect, maintain and use personal information you have voluntarily submitted to contact you, including via email, to respond to your comments or requests for information. In addition, we may use personal information to provide you the most helpful and targeted products and services to meet your needs and respond to your inquiries. We will never share or sell your information.
Cookies & Web Beacons
To enhance your experience with our sites, some of our web pages may use “cookies.” Cookies are text files we place in your computer’s browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering as a client. However, once you choose to furnish the site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our sites. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our web pages (e.g., to recognize you by name when you return to our site), or save your password in password-protected areas.
Our Commitment to Security
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.
Updates & Effective Date
From time to time, we may update this privacy notice. We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personally identifiable information by placing a notice on our site. We encourage you to periodically check back and review this policy so that you always will know what information we collect, how we use it, and to whom we disclose it.