http://www.bcccc.net/content/ccc/about/privacy-policy.html
Skip to main content
Boston College
Carroll School of Management
Event Calendar
Boston College
Carroll School of Management
Event Calendar
Login
Logout
Home
About the Boston College Center for Corporate Citizenship
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Boston College Center for Corporate Citizenship strongly believes in protecting the integrity and privacy of personal information gathered from our members and visitors to our website. Since the protection of your privacy is of great importance to us we have created the following policy to communicate our practices regarding the collection and dissemination of personal information; such as name, address, phone number, e-mail address, or any other information provided to us by our members and website visitors.
What information do we collect?
BCCCC may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
Information about your use of this website
Information that you provide for the purpose of registering for BCCCC courses and events, newsletters, blogs, research or membership
Information about your BCCCC membership level and participation status
How do we use your personal information?
Any personal information you provide to us will be captured and used only to tailor our service offerings to better suit your needs. We will not sell, trade, rent, or give your personal information to third-party companies or organizations. Any information we present to third parties will be in the form of aggregate statistics. Personal information about you, such as your name and address, will not be disclosed to such parties without your consent.  We may provide summary statistics about our customers interests and preferences, products sold, traffic patterns and related site information to a reputable third party. These statistics do not include personally identifiable information. They are used only to enhance the design of our Web site and customize new products offerings to our members.
If you participate in an online survey or use one of our other promotional features, such as a free subscriber, and complete an online form, we may ask for your name, address, company name, job title, e-mail address, and other pertinent information to administer the content and tabulate survey results. We will not share or sell any of this information to other organizations.
In addition to the disclosures identified above, BCCCC may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise, or defend its legal rights.
Do we use cookies and other tracking methods?
To improve our site and make it more useful, we may use "cookies" for navigation, or for customization of information that we may present to you. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change this feature in your browser.
We also track and collect information about your use of our services by the numeric address assigned to the computer you are using (your IP address) or by the URLs that you come from or go to. We may also automatically collect and store statistics and other information about you and your use of our website both on an aggregate, non-personally identifiable basis and in a manner that may allow us to associate such information with other personal information about you. However, this information is only used internally for user experience and to measure website performance.
Ordering online
If you decide to register for one of our webinars, courses or events and make an online purchase, we will collect only the information necessary for authentication and billing purposes. When you order and pay online, we need to know your name, e-mail address, delivery address, credit card number and expiration date, or member information. This allows us to process and fulfill your orders, and to notify you of your order status.
Secure Sockets Layer (SSL)* server software is used to prevent unauthorized access to the information you submit when you make online payments. When you make online payments, SLL encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. You can identify the secure connection by looking at the URL, which will begin with https: (instead of http:)
How is international information handled?
Personal data, which you have voluntarily entered, is delivered electronically to our servers located in the United States. By using these forms, you consent to the transfer of this data, and to our use of such data as outlined in this policy.
By using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by the Boston College Center for Corporate Citizenship.
How do we protect personally identifiable information?
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of the information under our control. Safeguards include restricted access to computer systems and paper files, firewalls, encryption and secure authentication methods.
Updating Privacy Policy Statement
The Center for Corporate Citizenship may update this privacy policy over time. If any changes are made we will post those changes on this page. Please check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes to our policy.
Can I opt out of allowing BCCCC to use my personal identifiable information?
You can be removed from our database in order to stop receiving communications from us by contacting CCC@bc.edu
How can I contact Boston College Center for Corporate Citizenship?
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or BCCCC treatment of your personal information, please feel free to send an email to CCC@bc.edu
Last updated November 2013.