http://www.effectivepresentationskills.com/privacy.php
Home |
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy - We protect your privacy as much as we protect ours.
Our company name is Effective Presentation, Inc. and our official website is www.effectivepresentationskills.com. Our postal address is at Effective Presentations, Inc. 1113 Hidden Lake Drive, Buffalo Grove, IL 60089. We can be reached via e-mail at info@effectivepresentationskills.com, or by calling us at (847) 478-0808.
The Privacy Policy for Effective Presentation, Inc. explains in detail the privacy protection clauses and practices implemented to look after the security of our company, and that of our online users. The following statements also attempt to explain the privacy policy for our customers who fill out online forms to register for the programs, trainings or buy the Video Seminar training materials that we offer.
Website Privacy
For the online users who visit www.effectivepresentationskills.com, our web server does not store any personally identifiable information. This includes, but is not limited to, names, e-mail address, postal addresses, dates of birth, telephone numbers or credit card information. Our aim is to protect the privacy of online users who visit our site, and this is the reason why our website is designed in such a way that the aforementioned information will not be stored.
Effective Presentation, Inc. collects the information about the domain name or our online users, but this is used only for the purposes of site improvement. We would like to know which parts of our website our visitors are most interested with so that the content will be improved and updated regularly.
Should we receive any piece of personal information, they will only be used for the purposes related to the services that we provide here at Effective Presentation, Inc. The credit card information that will be obtained by online users will be used for the sole purpose of booking presentation skills trainings, programs or for the purchase or our recently released Video Seminar. The presentation programs include the following: the Corporate Program, the CEO Program and the Mini-Program.
Cookies
The web servers at www.effectivepresentationskills.com do not store or set any cookies in most part of our web pages. Cookies are temporary files stored on your computer, which may be used by websites to 'remember' your online shopping options or filling out the previously inputted details in our Registration section. These cookies, however, will not be used to store any personal information.
Transactions Security
When purchasing any of the products that we offer online, you will be directed to the official website of PayPal International. Any inquiries or problems with the payment process shall be directed to PayPal, who is responsible for the transactions security.
Future Contacts
If you would like to regularly receive updates from our website, you will be sent promotional mailing materials through the e-mail address that you will provide. Effective Presentation, Inc. will be happy to provide you with company and website updates, services information or information about upcoming training events and programs.
Should you not wish to receive any further information or e-mail from Effective Presentations, Inc., you can do so by mailing us a letter or contacting us via e-mail using the addresses mentioned above. Indicate specifically in the e-mail that you do not want to receive any further mailings from our company. Please supply us with your correct name, e-mail address and mailing address so that your name will be removed from our mailing list.
Feedback
Should you have any questions about any part of our Privacy Policy, you may direct your inquiries through the following medium:
Mailing Address:
Effective Presentations, Inc.
1113 Hidden Lake Drive
Buffalo Grove, IL 60089
E-mail Address: info@effectivepresentationskills.com
Telephone Number: 1-847-478-0808
Navigation
Home
About Us
Training Programs
Guarantee
Presentation DVD
Testimonials
Popular Areas
New York
Detroit
Cincinnati
Chicago
Milwaukee
Cleveland
Contact Us
(847) 478-0808
info@effectivepresentationskills.com
1113 Hidden Lake Drive, Buffalo Grove, IL 60089, USA
Copyrights © 2020 All rights reserved. Effective Presentation Skills.
Sitemap | Privacy Policy