https://www.hibbsandwalsh.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Home
Our Services
Planning Permission
Building Regulations
Drawings Policy
Drawings
Presentation Drawings
Portfolio
New Houses
Extensions, Amenities
Commercial, Public
Listed Buildings
Interior Design
Blog
About Us
Contact
Privacy Policy
GDPR Compliance & Privacy Policy
Scope: This policy applies to all current and former employees and Directors of Hibbs & Walsh Associates Ltd.
Responsibilities: The Directors have overall responsibility for compliance with GDPR, and any other data protection and privacy policies that may apply. Employees have day to day responsibilities for compliance.
The General Data Protection Regulation 2016: GDPR is designed to enable individuals to better control their personal data. It regulates the way in which certain information is held and used.
Record of processing activity: Personal data will only be held with the consent of the client. The only data that will be kept is that which is required in order to carry out the agreed purposes for which Hibbs & Walsh Associates Ltd is employed. We will only share information with other professionals, contractors or with regulatory authorities when it is part of an agreed purpose for which we have been commissioned.
Relevance and accuracy: Personal data will be adequate, relevant and not excessive in relation to the purpose for which it is held.
Length of time data will be kept: Data will not be kept for longer than is necessary for Hibbs & Walsh Associates Ltd to discharge their duties and responsibilities.
Your rights:
You have a right of access to a copy of any information held
You have a right to object to processing of information that is likely to cause, or is causing damage or distress
You have a right to object to the use of your data for direct marketing
You have a right to object to decisions being made by automated means
You have a right to have inaccuracies corrected or erased or destroyed. If the data is no longer required for the agreed purposes you can require it to be destroyed
You have a right to claim damages in case of a breach of the regulations.
Storing information: Personal data will be kept in digital or paper files within our offices. Digital files are password protected, and back up files are held in a secure cloud account. Paper files are only accessible to staff and Directors of Hibbs & Walsh Associates Ltd
Data processing: Paper and digital data is not shared outside of Hibbs & Walsh Associates Ltd unless it is required as part of an agreed purpose for which we have been commissioned
Consent: Consent to hold data will be obtained in all cases. Paper consent forms can be made available if required.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Hibbs & Walsh Associates Ltd uses cookies to help identify and track visitors, their usage of Hibbs & Walsh website, and their website access preferences.Hibbs & Walsh visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Hibbs & Walsh’s website, with the drawback that certain features of Hibbs & Walsh’s website may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Our website uses Google Analytics which is a service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyse how users use our website. The information generated by these cookies (including your truncated IP address) is transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, and that of other users, compiling reports for us on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage. Please note that Google only receives your truncated IP address. This is sufficient for Google to identify (approximately) the country from which you are visiting our site, but is not sufficient to identify you, or your computer or mobile device, individually.
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to block and delete cookies, please visit http://www.aboutcookies.org.uk.
By continuing to use our website without changing the settings, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
If you have any comments or queries in connection with our privacy policy, please e-mail us at office@hibbsandwalsh.co.uk or by telephone- 01799 523660 or by writing to Hibbs & Walsh Associates Ltd., 53 High Street, Saffron Walden, Essex CB10 1AR
Home|
Privacy Policy|
Terms & Conditions|
Company Details|
Hibbs & Walsh Associates Limited
© 2017 All rights reserved.
Terms & Conditions
Before submitting the comment, you agree:
To accept full responsibility for the comment that you submit.
To use this function only for lawful purposes.
Not to post defamatory, abusive, offensive, racist, sexist, threatening, vulgar, obscene, hateful or otherwise inappropriate comments, or to post comments which will constitute a criminal offence or give rise to civil liability.
Not to post or make available any material which is protected by copyright, trade mark or other
proprietary right without the express permission of the owner of the copyright, trade mark or any other
proprietary right.
To evaluate for yourself the accuracy of any opinion, advice or other content.