http://www.saxon-agriculture.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
1. INTRODUCTION
We are committed to protecting your privacy.  This policy explains how we collect, use, store and share your personal data.
2. WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
Saxon Agriculture Limited (company number 03599544) (and its related entities) is responsible for your personal data, whose registered office
is 1 Acorn House, Turbine Way, Swaffham, United Kingdom, PE37 7XN ("we", "us", "our").
Saxon Agriculture Limited forms part of the GrainCorp Group of Companies, whose ultimate parent is GrainCorp Limited (company number 057 186
035), whose registered office is Level 28, 175 Liverpool Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia.
If you have any questions in relation to this policy or generally how your personal data is processed by us please contact our Human Resources
Department by letter addressed to: Human Resources, Saxon Agriculture Limited, 1 Acorn House, Turbine Way, Swaffham, United Kingdom, PE37
7XN; or by email at privacy@saxonag.co.uk
3. WHICH PERSONAL DATA DO WE COLLECT?
The personal data we collect may include:
General information, such as your name and contact details (including your postal address, business address, telephone number, fax number,
mobile phone number and e-mail address)
Payment and identity verification information, such as bank account details to facilitate payments, date of birth, passport details, drivers
licence details, credit card details if you use that as a payment method, and related billing information.
Publicly available information, such as company and personal searches, and credit agency reports.
General business information processed in a contractual relationship with us, which is voluntarily provided by you.
Details of when you visit any of our premises, such as your vehicle registration details, and select biometric data such as CCTV footage and
on-site security imaging.
Each time you visit our websites we may also automatically collect information and personal data about your computer for system administration
including, where available, Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet, MAC addresses, traffic data, location
data, your login information, time-zone setting browser type and version, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform,
weblogs, cookies and other communication data, and the resources that you access.  We do this to help us analyse how users use the websites
(including behaviour patterns and the tracking of visits across multiple devices), to establish more insights about our website users and to
assist us in managing your account and improving your online experience. Please see our cookies policy for further information about what information
may be automatically collected when you visit our websites http://www.saxon-agriculture.co.uk/cookie-policy.
Please note that we may combine personal data we receive from other sources with personal data you give to us and personal data we collect about
you.
4. HOW DO WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We collect some of your information directly from you, either through information that you give to us, or information that we collect during your
visits to our website or premises, or through your communications with us. We also obtain some information from other third parties, including
reference checks.
Information that you give us
You may share personal data about yourself and your circumstances by:
filling in forms and sending them to us;
filling in forms on our websites, registering to use our websites, and continuing to use our websites;
giving us information about yourself in any communications with us either by telephone, e-mail, post or otherwise, either in
connection with your account or to report a complaint or issue;
signing in at reception on one of our premises;
You are not obliged to provide your personal data to us.  However, if you do not provide your personal data to us, we may
not be able to provide goods or services to you, receive goods or services from you, respond to your queries, or allow you
onto our premises.
Information that we collect about you
We collect personal data about you:
when you complete new customer or supplier forms and send them to us;
when you visit our websites,
if you visit one of our premises,
when you call us,
which is publicly available through industry associations, to which you and/or we belong or subscribe to, integrity databases,
and/or regulatory authorities.
Information that we receive from other sources
We may receive personal data about you from other third parties, including:
credit agencies and taxation authorities (which are publicly accessible information sources) for verification of you and/or
your business;
information about directors and officers (which is a publicly accessible information source);
where we request references, and VAT and credit checks if you are applying for an account with us.
5. FOR WHICH PURPOSES WILL WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We may use your personal data for the following purposes:
Necessary for the entry into or performance of a contract
When you enter into a transaction with us, a contract between you and us will have been entered into. In order for us to fulfil our obligations
under such contract (e.g. to allow you to place an order for goods or services, or for you to supply goods or services to us), we will need
to collect, process and share (as further detailed below) your personal information. Failure to provide the requisite personal information
when placing your order and financial information on entering into the transaction or objecting to this type of processing / exercising your
deletion rights will unfortunately mean we cannot provide our goods or services to you, or you supply goods or services to us.
Legitimate business interests
We use your personal data for the legitimate interests of our business to enable us to:
accept goods and services from you, or provide you with goods and services as requested by you;
manage and administer you or your organisation’s business relationship with us, including the processing of payments, accounting, auditing,
billing and collection and support services;
comply with our legal obligations, compliance screening or recording obligations, which may include automated checks on your contact data or
other information you provide about your identity against applicable sanctioned-party lists and contacting you to confirm your identity
in case of a potential match or recording interaction with you which may be relevant for compliance purposes;
carry out research to understand our customers and suppliers and how they use our products and services;
develop and improve our services to you and to our other customers and suppliers;
to administer and improve our website to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner;
to provide customer support;
as part of our efforts to keep our sites safe and secure (for example through the use of CCTV on our premises);
manage insurance requirements;
monitor and assess compliance with our policies and procedures;
We may also process your personal data for the following purposes when you have given us your express consent:
communicating with you through means which you have approved, to keep you up to date on our products and services, company announcements, events
and news;
customer surveys, marketing campaigns, market analysis, competitions, and promotional activities or events;
collecting information about your preferences so we can personalise the quality of our communications and interactions with you.
With regard to direct marketing communications, we will, where legally required, only engage in such communications where you have consented to
receive it.  You will have the opportunity to “opt out” at any time if you no longer wish to receive direct marketing communications from
us.   You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of this nature at any time by emailing us at privacy@saxonag.co.uk.
We have a legitimate interest in processing your information as:
we will both benefit from the provision of goods and services;
we have a legitimate interest in recording telephone calls for quality and training purposes;
we will both benefit from the ability to enforce or apply rights under any contract between us;
we are required to ensure health and safety of our premises and have a legitimate interest in ensuring any processes are effective;
we have a legitimate interest in ensuring the security of our premises, and in assisting with the prevention and detection of crime;
we would be unable to provide our goods and services without processing your information.
We consider that it is reasonable for us to process your personal data for the purposes of our legitimate interests outlined above, as we process
your personal data only so far as is necessary to achieve the purpose outlined in this privacy policy, and the processing of your personal
data does not unreasonably intrude on your privacy.
Special Categories of Personal Data
Certain personal data falls into ‘special categories of personal data’, such as data regarding your race or ethnic origin, political opinions,
religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data for the purposes of uniquely identifying a person,
data concerning your health (including mental and physical health), or data concerning your sex life or sexual orientation.
Other than select biometric data collected when you visit one of our premises, we do not collect any other Special Category data of customers,
suppliers or advisors whether existing or prospective.
Personal Data of Children
We do not knowingly collect information from children, and we do not use our website to knowingly solicit personal information from or market to
children. If we learn that someone under age 18 has provided personally identifiable information through one of our Sites, we will use reasonable
efforts to remove that information from our systems.
6. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH?
We may share your information with the GrainCorp Group Companies, but only for the purposes specified in this policy.We may also use a
number of carefully selected third parties to supply us with products and services, such as (but not limited to) supply chain operators, credit
checks, reference checks and legal advice.  We will only share your information with these suppliers where it is necessary for them to
provide us with the services we need.  We do not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.
7. PERSONAL DATA ABOUT OTHER PEOPLE WHICH YOU SHARE WITH US
If you provide personal data to us concerning another person, you must ensure that you have the right to disclose that personal data to us and
that we may collect, use and disclose that personal data (examples include the personal data of your directors, officers, employees or any
other persons with whom you have business dealings or connections).  You must ensure that the person concerned is aware of all the matters
outlined in this Policy which relate to them.
8. TRANSFERRING YOUR PERSONAL DATA ABROAD
We may transfer your data abroad if required for the purposes as outlined in this Policy.  This may include countries which do not provide
the same level of protection as the laws of your home country.  We will ensure that such transfers are subject to appropriate or suitable
safeguards as required by the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 or other relevant laws.
9. RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Policy, or otherwise legally required or
permitted. This may be up to 6 years, unless a longer or shorter retention period is required or permitted by law.
We will also retain your personal data if we require it to assert or defend legal claims, until such time that the claims have been settled or
the relevant retention period has expired.
10. SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The personal data we hold on you may be stored electronically or in hard copy. We have put in place reasonable physical, technical, and organisational
measures to safeguard the information we hold. Such measures include, but are not limited to: system access restrictions and authentication,
firewall and virus protection systems, and physical security systems.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal
data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to us; any transmission is at your own risk.
If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us at
privacy@saxonag.co.uk. In the unlikely event that we believe the security of your personal information
in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you of that development. If such a notification is appropriate,
we will endeavour to do so as promptly as possible under the circumstances.
You are reminded if you have an account with our website, you are responsible for maintaining the strict confidentiality of your account password,
and you are responsible for any activity under your account and password.11. WHAT RIGHTS DO YOU HAVE?
You have a number of rights concerning the personal data we hold about you.
You have the right to:
request access to your personal data
ask us to rectify any inaccurate personal data
ask us to erase your personal data
ask us to restrict or block the processing of your personal data
port your personal data;
object to our processing of your personal data;
not be subject to automated decisions;
withdraw your consent
If you wish to do any of the above, please send an email to privacy@saxonag.co.uk.
12. WHAT IF YOU HAVE A COMPLAINT?
If you have any concerns regarding our processing of your personal data, or are not satisfied with our handing of any request made by you,
or would otherwise like to make a complaint, please contact our Human Resources Department (Human Resources, Saxon Agriculture Limited,
1 Acorn House, Turbine Way, Swaffham, United Kingdom, PE37 7XN); or by email at privacy@saxonag.co.uk
If you are not satisfied with our response, you may raise your complaint with the relevant privacy regulator.  In the United Kingdom,
you can contact the Information Commissioner's Office at Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF or www.ico.org.uk.
13. OTHER WEBSITES
Our websites may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of third parties.  If you follow a link to any of these websites,
please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies
or your use of those websites.
14. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This policy was issued on 24 May 2018.  We reserve the right to update this Policy if it is deemed necessary, and we will publish the updated
Policy on our website, or in any other form considered appropriate.