http://www.garonproducts.com/privacy-policy/
Have a question?
Call us now:
(800) 631-5380
8 AM to 5 PM EST M-F
We accept Visa
Visa logo
We accept Mastercard
Mastercard logo
We accept Discover
Discover logo
We accept American Express
American Express logo
We accept Paypal
Paypal logo
Easy Shipping
Expert Advice
Volume Discount
Satisfaction Promise
0
Home
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of Garon Products, Inc..
Our postal address is PO Box 1924 Wall, NJ, 07719-1924
We can be reached via e-mail at customercare@garonproducts.comor you can reach us by telephone at 1-732-223-2500
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name.
With respect to cookies: We do not set any cookies.
We are in the business of Manufacture and Direct Marketing of Specialized Cements and Floor Coatings. We sell to financially sound businesses and do not knowingly collect personal data from children. Our site contains no information of any interest to anyone under the age of 13.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
×