http://www.byworth.co.uk/privacy-and-cookie-policy/
Search for:
Types of Industrial Boilers
Hot Water Boilers
Steam Boiler Solutions
Industrial Heat Recovery & Waste Heat Boilers
Industrial Biomass Boilers
Packaged Boiler Houses
Unity – Steam Boiler Control System
Industrial Boiler Ancillaries
Boilers by Sector
Boilers for the Food Industry
Boilers for the Healthcare Industry
Boilers for the Beverage Industry
Boilers for the Paper and Packaging Industries
Boilers for the Pharmaceutical Industry
Boilers for the Petrochemical Industry
Boilers for Animal Feed Mills & Agriculture
Boilers for Laundries
Boilers for the Textile Industry
Boilers for Hire
Steam Boiler Hire
Hot Water Boiler Hire
Finance & Leasing
Explore
News
Case Studies
Articles
Procedures
Videos
Our YouTube
Instagram
Downloads
Medium Combustion Plant Directive – MCPD
unity
Boiler Control Systems
Unity
Queen's Award
Join The Innovators
Steam Boiler Courses
Course Calendar
Training Comparison
Steam Awareness
Boiler Operative Training – Fundamentals
Design of Steam and Condensate Systems Training
Boas Training (Boiler Operator and Manager Training)
BOAS Renewal
Steam Boiler Risk Assessment Training
Hot Water Boiler Fundamentals
Steam Boiler Water Treatment Training
Services
Industrial Boiler Services
Industrial Boiler-House Supplies
Boiler Installation Services
Boiler Aftercare and Service Packages
Conversions, Efficiency Upgrades and Major Repairs
About
About Us
Energy Efficient Boilers
Supplying the World
Corporate Social Responsibility
Careers
Contact Us
OurBoilers
TrainingCourses
CompanyNews
OurCareers
ContactUs
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is for this website Byworth Boilers and served by Byworth Boilers and governs the privacy of its users who choose to use it.
The policy sets out the different areas where user privacy is concerned and outlines the obligations & requirements of the users, the website and website owners. Furthermore, the way this website processes, stores and protects user data and information will also be detailed within this policy.
The Website
This website and its owners take a proactive approach to user privacy and ensure the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of its users throughout their visiting experience. This website complies to all UK national laws and requirements for user privacy.
Cookie Policy
This website uses cookies to better the users experience while visiting the website. Where applicable this website uses a cookie control system allowing the user on their first visit to the website to allow or disallow the use of cookies on their computer / device. This complies with recent legislation requirements for websites to obtain explicit consent from users before leaving behind or reading files such as cookies on a user’s computer / device.
Cookies are small text files that are stored by your browser when you visit a website. This identifies the browser used and can be recognized by our web server. This use of cookies results in the processing of personal data, the legal basis for this is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. This manner of processing serves our legitimate interest in making our website more user-friendly, effective and secure.
The cookies in use to deliver Google Analytics service are described in the table below.
Cookie
Title
Description
__utma
__utmb
__utmc
__utmv
__utmz
Google Analytics
These cookies are used to store information, such as what time your current visit occurred, whether you have been to the site before, and what site referred you to the web page.
These cookies contain no personally identifiable information but they will use your computer’s IP address to know from where in the world you are accessing the Internet.
Google stores the information collected by these cookies on servers in the United States. Google may transfer this information to third-parties where required to do so by law, or where such third-parties process the information on Google’s behalf.
Cookies of third-party providers and tracking
We use the “visitor action pixels” from Facebook Inc (1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA, or, if you are based in the EU, Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland (“Facebook”)) on our website.
This allows user behavior to be tracked after they have been redirected to the provider’s website by clicking on a Facebook ad. This enables us to measure the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes. The data collected in this way is anonymous to us, i.e. we do not see the personal data of individual users. However, this data is stored and processed by Facebook, which is why we are informing you, based on our knowledge of the situation. Facebook may link this information to your Facebook account and also use it for its own promotional purposes, in accordance with Facebook’s Data Usage Policy https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/. You can allow Facebook and its partners to place ads on and off Facebook. A cookie may also be stored on your computer for these purposes.
The legal basis for the use of this service is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. You can object to the collection of your data by Facebook pixel, or to the use of your data for the purpose of displaying Facebook ads by contacting the following address: https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads.
Facebook is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and thus guarantees compliance with European data protection legislation (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC&status=Active).
Facebook Custom Audiences
Custom Audience Pixel, a service of Facebook Inc., (1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA), is a small piece of Java script code which we have integrated into all of our websites. This piece of code provides a number of functions for the sending of application specific events and user defined data to Facebook. We use Custom Audience pixels in order to record information concerning the way in which visitors use our website. This pixel records and provides Facebook with information concerning the browser setting of the user, a hashed version of the Facebook ID and the URL which is being visited. Each Facebook user thus possesses a clear and device-independent Facebook ID, whereby it is possible to address the user via more than one device on the social network Facebook and to recognise him or her, so that we can target our visitors again for advertising purposes by means of Facebook adverts. After 180 days, the user information is deleted until the visitor accesses our website again. Therefore, no personal information is disclosed to BYWORTH in relation to the individual website visitors and we can only solicit website customer target groups once the target customer group has reached a critical mass in terms of numbers. Further information concerning Facebook and its private sphere settings above and beyond the details set out can be found in the Data Policy and the Terms of Service of Facebook Inc.
Opt-out
In order to provide website visitors with more choice on how data is collected by Google Analytics, Google has developed the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. The add-on communicates with the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js) to stop data being sent to Google Analytics. The Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on does not affect usage of the website in any other way. A link to further information on the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on is provided below for your convenience.
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=None
For more information on the usage of cookies by Google Analytics please see the Google website. A link to the privacy advice for this product is provided below for your convenience.
http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
Disabling Cookies
If you would like to restrict the use of cookies you can control this in your Internet browser. Links to advice on how to do this for the most popular Internet browsers are provided below for convenience and will be available for the Internet browser of your choice either online or via the software help (normally available via key F1).
Internet Explorer
http://windows.microsoft.com/en-GB/windows7/Block-enable-or-allow-cookies
Google Chrome
https://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=en-GB&answer=95647&p=cpn_cookies
Apple Safari
http://docs.info.apple.com/article.html?artnum=32467
Contact & Communication
Users contacting this website and/or its owners do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no use, as detailed in the Data Protection Act 1998. Every effort has been made to ensure a safe and secure form to email submission process but advise users using such form to email processes that they do so at their own risk.
This website and its owners use any information submitted to provide you with further information about the products/services they offer or to assist you in answering any questions or queries you may have submitted. This includes using your details to subscribe you to any email newsletter program the website operates but only if this was made clear to you and your express permission was granted when submitting any form to email process. Or whereby you the consumer have previously purchased from or enquired about purchasing from the company a product or service that the email newsletter relates to. This is by no means an entire list of your user rights in regard to receiving email marketing material. Your details are not passed on to any third parties.
Email Newsletter
This website operates an email newsletter program, used to inform subscribers about products and services supplied by this website. Users can subscribe through an online automated process should they wish to do so but do so at their own discretion. Some subscriptions may be manually processed through prior written agreement with the user.
Subscriptions are taken in compliance with the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003. All personal details relating to subscriptions are held securely and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. No personal details are passed on to third parties nor shared with companies/people outside of the company that operates this website. Under the Data Protection Act 1998 you may request a copy of personal information held about you by this website’s email newsletter program. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to the business address at the bottom of this policy.
Email marketing campaigns published by this website or its owners may contain tracking facilities within the actual email. Subscriber activity is tracked and stored in a database for future analysis and evaluation. Such tracked activity may include; the opening of emails, forwarding of emails, the clicking of links within the email content, times, dates and frequency of activity [this is by no far a comprehensive list].
This information is used to refine future email campaigns and supply the user with more relevant content based on their activity.
In compliance with the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 subscribers are given the opportunity to un-subscribe at any time through an automated system and control the information the company holds about you, including the erasing of information so far as permitted by UK law. This process is detailed in the footer of each email campaign.
External Links
Although this website only looks to include quality, safe and relevant external links, users are advised adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout this website. (External links are clickable text / banner / image links to other websites, similar to; www.kingstrains.co.uk or Kings Trains Models.)
The owners of this website cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite their best efforts. Users should therefore note they click on external links at their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Social Media Platforms
Communication, engagement and actions taken through external social media platforms that this website and its owners participate on are custom to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies held with each social media platform respectively.
Users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and communicate / engage upon them with due care and caution in regard to their own privacy and personal details. This website nor its owners will ever ask for personal or sensitive information through social media platforms and encourage users wishing to discuss sensitive details to contact them through primary communication channels such as by telephone or email.
This website may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platform in question. Users are advised before using such social sharing buttons that they do so at their own discretion and note that the social media platform may track and save your request to share a web page respectively through your social media platform account.
Shortened Links in Social Media
This website and its owners through their social media platform accounts may share web links to relevant web pages. By default some social media platforms shorten lengthy urls [web addresses] (this is an example: http://bit.ly/zyVUBo).
Users are advised to take caution and good judgement before clicking any shortened urls published on social media platforms by this website and its owners. Despite the best efforts to ensure only genuine urls are published many social media platforms are prone to spam and hacking and therefore this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any shortened links.
Resources & Further Information
General Data Protection Regulation
Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003
Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 – The Guide
Twitter Privacy Policy
Facebook Privacy Policy
Google Privacy Policy
Mailchimp Privacy Policy
May 2018 Edited & customised by: BYWORTH BOILERS. Company Registration Number 07398810 (England and Wales). Registered office address: PARKWOOD BOILER WORKS, PARKWOOD STREET, KEIGHLEY, WEST YORKSHIRE, BD21 4NW
Cyber Essentials Protection
Byworth has been assessed and rewarded a ‘Cyber Essentials‘ certification through a government-backed scheme from the National Cyber Security Centre. Certification gives you peace of mind that your defences will protect against the vast majority of common cyber attacks simply because these attacks are looking for targets which do not have the Cyber Essentials technical controls in place.
© Byworth Boilers 2020 | Reg No 07398810 |
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Website designed and developed by Fantastic Media