http://www.tecnoinduzione.com/cookie-policy/
In order to make our site easier and more intuitively, we make use of cookies. Cookies are small pieces of data which allow us to compare the new and past visitors and help us to understand how users navigate through our site. We use information which are collected through cookies to make the browsing experience more enjoyable and more efficient in the future.
Cookies do not store any personal information about a user and any identifiable data will not be stored. If you want to disable the use of cookies it is necessary to customize the settings on your computer by activating the deletion of all cookies or by allowing a warning message to be displayed when cookies are being stored. To proceed without modifying the applications of the cookies, simply continue navigation.
Visit AboutCookies.org for more information about cookies and how they affect your browsing experience.
The followings are the types of cookies we are using:
ESSENTIAL COOKIES
These cookies are essential in order to allow you to browse around the site and make full use of its features, such as access the various protected areas of the site. Without these cookies some necessary services, such as filling out a form for a competition, cannot be performed.
PERFORMANCE COOKIES
These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for example, what are the most visited pages, if you get error messages from web pages. These cookies do not collect information that identifies the visitor. All information collected through cookies are aggregated and therefore anonymous. They are only used to improve the operation of a website. By using our website, you agree that these cookies may be installed on your device.
FUNCTIONALITY COOKIES
Cookies allow the site to remember the choices made by the user (such as name, language or region of origin) and provide advanced customized features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes to the text size, font and other parts of web pages that you can customize. They can also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting a blog. The information gathered from these types of cookies can be made anonymous and cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
By using our website, you agree that these cookies may be installed on your device.
HOW TO MANAGE COOKIES ON YOUR PC
If you want to allow cookies from our site, please follow the steps below:
Google Chrome
Click on “Tools” at the top of the Windows’ browser window and select Options
Click on the tab ‘Under the Hood’, find the section “Privacy”, and select the “Content Settings”
Now select “Allow local data to be set”
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0, 7.0, 8.0, 9.0
Click on “Tools” at the top of the browser window and select “Internet Options”, then click on the “Privacy”
To enable cookies in your browser, make sure that the privacy level is set to Medium or below,
Setting the level of privacy over the Medium you disable the use of cookies.
Mozilla Firefox
Click on “Tools” at the top of the browser window and select “Options”
Then select the Privacy icon
Click Cookies and select “allow sites use cookies”
Safari
Click on the Cog icon at the top of the browser window and select “Preferences”
Click on “Protection”, select the option that says “block third-party cookies for advertising”
Click on “Save”
HOW TO MANAGE COOKIES ON MAC
If you want to allow cookies from our site, please follow the steps below:
Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 su OSX
Click on ‘Explore’ at the top of the browser window and select “Preferences”
Scroll down until you see “Cookies” under Receiving Files
Select the option “do not ask”
Click ‘Safari’ at the top of the browser window and select “Preferences”
Click on the ‘Security’ and then ‘Accept cookies’
Select “only from the site”
Safari on OSX
Mozilla and Netscape on OSX
Click on ‘Mozilla’ or ‘Netscape’ at the top of the browser window and select “Preferences”
Scroll down until you see cookies under ‘Privacy and Security’
Select ‘Enable cookies for the originating web site’
Opera
Click on ‘Menu’ at the top of the browser window and select “Settings”
Then select “Preferences”, select the tab ‘Advanced’
Then select the ‘Accept cookies’
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
The site uses Google Analytics: analytics cookies are considered to be technical only when used for the purpose of optimization and if the IP users are kept anonymous. We inform the user that this site uses the free Google Analytics. Just remember that data is used only for the most visited pages, the number of visitors, the aggregate data of visits to the operating system, browser, etc. These parameters are stored in the Google servers in accordance with these guidelines.
You can prevent Google detection of a cookie that is generated as result of the use of this website (including your IP address) and the processing of such data by downloading and installing this plugin for the browser: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
This site uses cookies in order to offer you a better browsing experience. Find out more on how we use cookies and how you can change your settings by clicking here. By using our site you accept this site’s cookies.Ok