https://www.swantec.com/personal-privacy-agreement/
Contact us Support Login
Privacy Policy Swantec Software and Engineering ApS 25th May 2018, issue 1 Privacy Policy Swantec Software and Engineering ApS Changes in this policy Who are we? How this policy applies? What we collect and receive? Personal information collected Information on activity Delivery of software Purpose of collecting and using personal information Storage of communication How we use the information Sharing of information Period for holding and using personal information Your rights Cookies   Changes in this policy We may update this Policy from time to time. If we do, we will let you know, either by notifying you on www.swantec.com or by sending you an email. If you keep using our website, that means that you accept this Policy. Who are we? We are a software and consulting house with focus on supplying simulation software to the welding industry. We provide software and consulting solutions within simulation of welding. We cooperate with universities and distributors all over the world. How this policy applies? The policy describes the information that we collect from you, how we use the information. It also covers whether and how the information may be shared and your rights and choices regarding the information you provide to us. We use cookies and similar technologies as described in our Cookie Policy. By using our services, you agree that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and our Cookie Policy. What we collect and receive? Personal information collected We collect the following types of personal information to respond to your inquiries and provide consultation: Company name, address, country, gender, title, personal name, email, contact number, type of inquiry, subject, content, notes, computer information given to us by you, user name, password, license information, and any materials handed to us. We may ask this information if you contact us, sign up to newsletters, create a support ticket, submit a form on our website. Information on activity We monitor your interaction with us, meaning your usage of the website, communication, browser usage, IP-address etc. Delivery of software When you buy our software, we require information on your computer covering technical description, including MAC addresses. This information is necessary for the software to run on your pc. We store the information in our CRM system, the software, and the software license information. Purpose of collecting and using personal information We collect and use personal information to provide customized services to our customers and prospects. We collect and use personal information to process customers’ and prospects’ various questions and requests by confirming their identification or to notify customers and prospects about services that we can offer or have improved or changed. Storage of communication When you interact with us by email, website, or phone, we log information as mentioned under “What we collect and receive” and use it to communicate with you about software deliveries, our company, our services, our events, products, product updates, and news about us, our distributors, and topics related to the welding industry. We storage and track incoming and outgoing e-mails with information on delivery, opening, and clicking. How we use the information We use the information we collect for the following purposes:
To keep your account secure and protect our Services. To enable us to provide you with our services. To create and administer your account and to contact you.
Sharing of information We never sell your information to other parties of any kind. We share information with our trusted data processing suppliers. For Europe we don’t share information with any other company. If you are placed outside Europe, we share your information with our distributors. The information about existing distributors are always available at our website: www.swantec.com Period for holding and using personal information If you do not want our company to hold your personal information, you may request that we delete it at any time. Though some of the information may have legal reasons to be stored anyway, such as below:
Performing the contract with your company: As an example, as long as you run a license on your computer we store information about you and your computer in order to secure functionality. Legal compliances: Sometimes the law requires us to keep information, as an example invoices, payment etc. Legitimate interests: This is a technical term in data protection law which essentially means we have a good a fair reason to use your data, and we do so in ways which do not hurt to your interest and rights. We sometimes require your data to pursue our legitimate interests in a way that might reasonably be expected as part of running our business and that does not materially impact your rights, freedom or interests. We store the information as long as we have a commercial interest in your information or until you ask specifically to be removed.
Your rights You can request a full transcript of the information we have on you. Please use our contact form in order to start this process. Here you also request a deletion of your information. We would like to communicate with you, but of course only if you would like to. We keep email communication to a minimum and give you the ability to Opt Out to any marketing communication we send. Cookies We use cookies to analyze our traffic. We also share information about your usage of our website with partners within social media, add partners, and analysis partners. Our partners can combine these data with other information you have given them, or which they have collected from your usage of their services. You give consent to our cookies, if you continue to use our website.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Reject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
NecessaryAlways Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.