https://www.data-axle.com/how-we-help/government/
Skip to content
Search for:
Who We Are
Our Data
Business DataAccess nearly 300 attributes about millions US and Canadian businesses, in real-time.
Consumer DataAlmost 200 consumer attributes updated in real-time and compiled from over 90 sources.
B2C LinkPersonal and professional data attributes in a single profile for a 360-view of your audience.
Donor DataHundreds of attributes on your donor community to inform effective online and offline campaigns.
What We Do
Services
Data ProcessingData hygiene, enhancement, appends, and more to make your data actionable.
Agency ServicesData sciences, consulting, creative, campaign execution, media planning.
Database ServicesMarketing, prospect, and analytic databases built to power your growth.
Lead GenerationB2B and B2C lead gen via opt-in digital placements and co-branded emails.
Data MonetizationMonetize your data with our end-to-end list management service.
Products
Data Axle Apps
Acquisition Platform
Credit Solutions
Inboxable
Local Listings
Reference Solutions
Data Axle USA
Data Axle Genie
Local Results
How We Help
By Need
AcquisitionContinually acquire profitable new customers to grow your business.
IntelligencePower learning opportunities to improve performance and deepen insights.
RetentionReduce attrition and increase lifetime value and loyalty to increase profitability.
Data LicensingLicense our data to build and improve products, applications, and services.
By Vertical
Agency
B2B Technology
Government
Financial Services
Insurance
Library & Academia
Nonprofit & Political
Retail
Resellers
Small Business
Customer Success
Case Studies
Testimonials
Recognition
Design Gallery
Resources
Thought Leadership
Blog
Expert Q&A
News & Media Coverage
Contact Us
866-DATAXLE
Solutions for Government agencies
We help local and national government orgs better serve constituents
Data Axle helps government agencies fill gaps in what they know as well as detect, predict, and respond to challenges quickly.
Learn more
More than 100,000 national organizations and government agencies rely on Data Axle
We equip government organizations with the data they use every day to manage risk, allocate resources, create data projections that help them plan and conduct research, all while reducing the costs associated with obtaining and maintaining that data on their own.
See people and businesses in greater detail
Data Axle’s scalable data products and services help government agencies fill in the gaps in what they know. Our database gives them access to information on households and consumers, hard-to-identify individuals and groups, business ownership, traffic, emergency preparedness, economic development, and countless other factors that affect their work and communities every day.
Learn more about our data
Control the flow of data to get what you need
Data Axle’s team has decades of experience gathering data from hundreds of sources, compiling it for a specific use, and helping clients integrate it into existing tools and workflows to make government agencies more efficient and effective.
Reach out to us
Detect, react, and predict with speed and accuracy
Combine our data, products, and services to detect and respond quickly to threats, costly mistakes, and compliance issues, and find ways of using data to predict and prepare for them ahead of time.
Learn more
See the big picture in unprecedented detail
Combine and cross-reference geographic data, historic business data, traffic data, and data of many other types in innovative new ways to understand problems, challenges, and impact of your work from many different angles.
Chat with us
Here are some of the highlights of our data:
Covers all 50 states
plus U.S. territories and Canada
85% of businesses
have fewer than 100 employees
Details
on more than 150 million unique addresses
100k agencies
and organizations rely on our data
Our content
whitepaper
A marketer's guide to reaching each consumer generation
Data Axle surveyed more than 1,000 consumers to outline the distinct shopper personas for Centennials, Millennials, Generation X, and Baby Boomers. Find out the factors that influence their purchase decisions and get actionable strategies on ways to engage shoppers from each generation.
Learn more
expert Q&A
Your first step to a clean file is National Change of Address
National Change of Address (NCOA) should be the cornerstone of any direct marketers’ mailing initiatives
Read more
webinar
Email design strategies that boost conversion rates
Now’s the time for brands to develop or update their template systems and maximize email engagement through smart, performance-driven email design.
Watch now
Have questions? We'd love to chat.
We respect your privacy. Data Axle will use the information you provide in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You may opt-out of all marketing communications at any time.