http://www.optionmetrics.com/privacy-policy/
ABOUT US
DATA PRODUCTS
NEWS & EVENTS
RESEARCH
BLOG
CAREERS
CONTACT
Welcome to www.optionmetrics.com (the “Website”) operated by OptionMetrics, LLC, a New York limited liability company (“Operator”, “we”, “our”, or “us”). This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) is intended to inform you about how Operator collects and uses your personally identifiable information (“PII”) and other information in operating the Website.
How does the Website Work?
The Website enables visitors to the Website (“Visitors”, “you”, and “your”) to learn more about us and the services we provide, and to voluntarily submit certain materials to Operator by email. If you voluntarily choose to send an electronic communication to us, some of the information you provide us (including any attachments, if applicable) may contain PII such as your name, address, phone number and email address. You are not obligated to provide any PII to us and your decision to provide us with such PII is in your sole discretion. Your use of the Website is subject to our Terms of Use. By using the Website, you consent to the collection and use of your PII and other information by Operator as described herein.
How can the terms of the Privacy Policy be modified?
We reserve the right to change, at any time, how we handle the information we collect and process through the Website, and to modify the Privacy Policy. You agree to review the Privacy Policy periodically to be aware of any such modifications. We will indicate that changes to the Privacy Policy have been made by updating the date indicated after “Last Updated” at the beginning of the Privacy Policy. A current version of the Privacy Policy is accessible via the footer of the Website’s homepage.
What type of PII does Operator collect from you and how do we use it?
Operator may provide any PII you submit to us to individuals or entities who work on our behalf or with us. These persons may use your PII to help fulfill your requests or communicate with you about different products and services that we offer. For instance, we may transfer PII and other information submitted by you to third parties who assist us in operating our business and/or the Website.
Under what other circumstances may we release PII?
We may also release your PII (i) if we believe such release is necessary to comply with the law (e.g., a legal process or a statutory authorization), (ii) to apply or enforce our third party agreements, (iii) to protect our rights or property or to protect you from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful use of the Website, or (iv) if we reasonably believe that a danger to any person requires disclosure of such PII.
What other information does Operator collect?
We also may collect anonymous and aggregate information from you about your preferences in navigating the Website by using cookies, action tags and other methods. Cookies are small text files that identify your computer. We may use cookies to, among other things, monitor Website usage, customize Website features, identify your computer operating system and browser, and complete transactions. An action tag is a small, graphic image on a webpage that is designed to allow the website owner or a third party to monitor who is visiting a website by collecting the IP address of the computer to which the tag is sent, the URL of the webpage that the tag comes from and the time that such webpage was viewed. Action tags may be associated with cookie information. We may also use such anonymous and aggregate information for promotional purposes.
Do I have the ability not to be identified by Operator?
We also may collect anonymous and aggregate information from you about your preferences in navigating the Website by using cookies, action tags and other methods. Cookies are small text files that identify your computer. We may use cookies to, among other things, monitor Website usage, customize Website features, identify your computer operating system and browser, and complete transactions. An action tag is a small, graphic image on a webpage that is designed to allow the website owner or a third party to monitor who is visiting a website by collecting the IP address of the computer to which the tag is sent, the URL of the webpage that the tag comes from and the time that such webpage was viewed. Action tags may be associated with cookie information. We may also use such anonymous and aggregate information for promotional purposes.
How do we store information?
Operator takes steps consistent with commercially reasonable industry standards to secure any PII collected from you from loss, misuse, unauthorized access and destruction while under our control. However, please note that despite our efforts to protect information provided to us, we cannot guarantee that such information will not be lost, disclosed or accessed by accidental circumstances or by the unauthorized acts of others.
Does Operator provide links to other websites?
Operator may provide links to other websites or resources. The collection and use of your PII and other information by such websites shall be subject to the policies and procedures of such websites and not the Privacy Policy.
What are our policies regarding children?
The Website is a general use website and Operator does not knowingly collect PII from anyone under thirteen (13) years of age. If you are under thirteen (13) years of age, you are not authorized to submit any PII to us.
Do we have a mechanism to address the removal of PII and complaints about the handling of information that we collect?
If you wish to remove PII that you have submitted to Operator, please send us an email requesting such removal to info (at) optionmetrics (dot) com. If you have questions or concerns about any of our information collection or handling practices, please contact us at info (at) optionmetrics (dot) com.