https://www.martinlindstrom.com/privacy-policy
Close Menu
Ready? Here comes the long-awaited shift in employee & customer happiness.
Pre-Order here
Let’s talk
Home
About Us
Expertise
Books
Speaking / Workshops
Cases
Maersk
Burger King
Standard Chartered
Lowes
Swiss Post
Majid Al Futtaim
Intertek
Dorchester Collection
Swiss Airlines
Articles
On Tv
Press
Contact Us
Conference Download
Newsletter
NameEmail*
Ready? Here comes the long-awaited shift in employee & customer happiness.
Pre-Order here
Free live webinars with Martin with every pre-order before December 30th.
LEARN MORE
x
Privacy Policy
Welcome to MartinLindstrom.com!
It is of the utmost importance for us at MartinLindstrom.com to ensure that this, and every subsequent visit you make to any of our websites (BRANDsense.com, BRANDchild.com, DualBook.com and MartinLindstrom.com), is with complete peace of mind. You have every right to trust and to expect confidentiality, and it is our duty to respect this right.
Your privacy is our priority. As such, we believe you should have an unrestricted view into how we collect data about the people who visit our site – yourself included – and what we do with that data.
So, this is the part where we show our true colors. In black, white and yellow, here is your…..
Privacy Policy from MartinLindstrom.com.
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and the EU Privacy and Communications Directive). This includes information submitted voluntarily by you through a form or gathered automatically as you visit this website.
You should not submit any sensitive or private information through this website except through acknowledged secure areas. The owners of this website accept no responsibility for data submitted through insecure areas of this website.
By submitting your contact details to us, we may contact you or send you marketing materials. We will give you the chance to refuse any marketing email from us in the future.
This website uses cookies which are stored on your browser. You can usually modify your browser settings to prevent this happening. However, by disabling cookies, or certain types of cookie, you may hinder your user experience on this and other websites, or prevent them from working entirely.
Some cookies used on this website are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies, services you have asked for, like shopping baskets or e-billing, cannot be provided.
Some cookies used on this website collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages.
These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works.
Some cookies used on this website allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features.
These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Cookies may also be used to improve the user experience and to enable some of the functionality provided by this website.
Please note that some cookies may be placed by third party service providers who perform some of these functions (or other services) for us. Cookies are used on this website for the following third party services: Google Analytics, LinkedIn Follow button, Facebook Like Button, Twitter Follow button, Google +1 button, AddThis social bookmarking tool, YouTube videos. Some of these services may be used to track your behaviour on other websites and we have no control over this.
By continuing to use this website without adjusting your browser’s cookie settings, you agree that we can place these cookies on your device.
As is true with most websites, our server will automatically log data regarding each visit such as your IP address, browser type, referring/exit pages, and operating system. We may use this information to monitor server errors, server administration or to monitor visitor behaviour. It is not possible for this to be disabled on a per-user basis so you must leave this website (and the internet entirely) if you do not agree to this happening.
This privacy policy applies to this website only and does not apply to any websites that this website may link to.
If you have any questions/comments about privacy, you should contact us.
This privacy policy is copyrighted under a GNU/GPL V3 licence which means that you may copy it to your site and modify it to your needs, in return for a link back to this website.
https://www.openglobal.co.uk/articles/2-uncategorised/120-privacy-policy.html
Close Search
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.