http://www.shekell.com/privacy-policy/
We're still open and ready to serve you! Our Technicians are taking extra precautions to ensure the health and safety of you and your family.
24/7 Emergency Service Schedule Service
(800) 473-4215 - Toll Free
(812) 425-9131 - Evansville
(812) 882-2020 - Vincennes
HVAC
Air Conditioning Repair
Air Conditioning Installation
Air Conditioning Service
Heating Repair
Heating Installation
Heating Service
Ductless HVAC
Products
Heating & AC FAQs
Troubleshooting
Residential Service Agreements
Electrical
Electrical
Generators
Residential Service Agreements
Plumbing
Plumbing
Residential Boilers
Backflow Prevention
Plumbing FAQs
Indoor Air
Indoor Air Quality
iWave by Nu-Calgon
Global Plasma Solutions
Residential Service Agreements
Energy
Energy Assessment
Energy Services
Residential Service Agreements
Commercial
Commercial HVAC
Commercial Electrical
Commercial Plumbing/Mechanical Piping
Commercial Refrigeration
Commercial & Industrial Boilers
Commercial Engineering – LEED
Sheet Metal Fabrication
Commercial HVAC Service Agreements
About
Specials
About Us
ZERO CONTACT SERVICE
Our Team
Awards
Safety
Mission, Vision & Values
Project Photos
Videos
Community Outreach
Careers
Financing
Shop
Contact
Privacy Policy
Welcome to our Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us.
J.E. Shekell, Inc. is located at:
J.E. Shekell, Inc.424 West Tennessee St, Evansville 47710– IN , United States(800) 473-4215
It is J.E. Shekell, Inc.‘s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to J.E. Shekell, Inc. (hereinafter, “us”, “we”, or “J.E. Shekell, Inc.“). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, J.E. Shekell, Inc. collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. J.E. Shekell, Inc.‘s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how J.E. Shekell, Inc.‘s visitors use its website. From time to time, J.E. Shekell, Inc. may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
J.E. Shekell, Inc. also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://J.E. Shekell, Inc. blog posts. J.E. Shekell, Inc. only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to J.E. Shekell, Inc.‘s websites choose to interact with J.E. Shekell, Inc. in ways that require J.E. Shekell, Inc. to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that J.E. Shekell, Inc. gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at J.E. Shekell, Inc. to provide a username and email address.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Advertisements
Ads appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by J.E. Shekell, Inc. and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
J.E. Shekell, Inc. uses Google AdWords for remarketing
J.E. Shekell, Inc. uses the remarketing services to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
J.E. Shekell, Inc. discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on J.E. Shekell, Inc.‘s behalf or to provide services available at J.E. Shekell, Inc.‘s website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using J.E. Shekell, Inc.‘s website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. J.E. Shekell, Inc. will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, J.E. Shekell, Inc. discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when J.E. Shekell, Inc. believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of J.E. Shekell, Inc., third parties or the public at large.
If you are a registered user of http://J.E. Shekell, Inc. and have supplied your email address, J.E. Shekell, Inc. may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with J.E. Shekell, Inc. and our products. We primarily use our blog to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. J.E. Shekell, Inc. takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Aggregated Statistics
J.E. Shekell, Inc. may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. J.E. Shekell, Inc. may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, J.E. Shekell, Inc. does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, J.E. Shekell, Inc. uses “Cookies”, similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. J.E. Shekell, Inc. uses cookies to help J.E. Shekell, Inc. identify and track visitors, their usage of http://J.E. Shekell, Inc., and their website access preferences. J.E. Shekell, Inc. visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using J.E. Shekell, Inc.‘s websites, with the drawback that certain features of J.E. Shekell, Inc.‘s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to J.E. Shekell, Inc.‘s use of cookies.
E-commerce
Those who engage in transactions with J.E. Shekell, Inc. – by purchasing J.E. Shekell, Inc.‘s services or products, are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, J.E. Shekell, Inc. collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with J.E. Shekell, Inc.. J.E. Shekell, Inc. does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, J.E. Shekell, Inc. may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in J.E. Shekell, Inc.‘s sole discretion. J.E. Shekell, Inc. encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Evansville
Vincennes
United Association
Union Sheet Metal
CCSWIN
IBEW
Henderson County Commerce
Send Us A Message
Name*
First
Last
Email*
Phone*Your MessageCAPTCHA
Previous
Next
×
Introducing ZERO Contact Service
We are incredibly grateful to offer you zero contact service on your next service call. Find out more about this new service and how it’s being implemented, by clicking here.
Close