http://www.accessgroup.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Search form
Search this site
Menu
Search form
Search this site
Current Borrowers
Defaulted Private Borrowers
About Access Group Education Lending
Contact Access Group
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Your Privacy
AccessLex Institute d/b/a Access Group and Access Group Education Lending®, (“Access Group”), a non-profit corporation, maintains this website, www.accessgroup.org, to provide individuals who have Access Group student loans, and Access Group loan investors, with general information about Access Group, with information on third party loan servicing or collections, and with investor reporting information (the "Site"). Access Group is committed to maintaining the security and confidentiality of your information and does not sell your personal information to anyone. The policies listed below explain how Access Group and its affiliates protect your privacy.  This Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time without notice.
General Website Privacy
Information That May Be Collected
Access Group may collect both personal information from and/or about you as well as certain information about your use of the Site.  See the Privacy Notice below for more information about the types of personal information that we may collect if your loan is owned by Access Group or an affiliated entity.
Information You Provide
We collect personal information from you when you provide it through the Site, including completing online forms or fields on the Site, uploading your information from NSLDS and/or contacting us either by e-mail, telephone or any other means.
Usage Information
We may collect general Site usage information, including, but not limited to IP address of the device being used to access the Site.
Cookies
Access Group and any third-party sites you may access from the Site may use “cookies” or other similar technologies when you visit the Site.  Cookies are data files stored on your computer or device for a variety of reasons, including to track information about you, such as when you are logged on to the Site and to identify your preferences.  By using the Site, you consent to the use of cookies as described above.  Please note that you can generally remove, block or disable cookies through the settings in your browser, but doing so may limit your ability to fully use the Site.
Use of Your Information
We may use your information to engage in a variety of lawful business activities, including:
Operating the Site;
Contacting you to provide you with information;
Monitoring compliance with our terms of use of the Site; and
Responding to court orders or subpoenas.
By providing your e-mail address, you authorize Access Group to contact you using your e-mail address. We do not disclose any personal information about you to anyone, except as outlined herein or as otherwise permitted by law.  Access Group has procedures and safeguards in place to maintain the privacy and security of your information. If you do not want your information to be collected, maintained or shared as outlined above, you should not provide us with your information.
Third Party Links
The Site contains links to third party websites as a convenience to provide you with additional information and functionality.  By offering hyperlinks to third party websites, Access Group does not represent or imply that there is any relationship between it and any third party or that it is endorsing those third parties or their products or services and is not responsible for the privacy policies or terms of use of any such third parties. Additionally, the third party sites linked on this Site may contain privacy policies and/or terms of use specifically for those third-party websites, which may differ from the policies and terms set forth on this Site. If you are visiting a third party site, please be sure to review that Site's privacy policy and terms of use. Access Group expressly disclaims any responsibility for the contents of any third party site.
Security Disclaimer
Although Access Group uses security measures that comply with federal and state law to protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100 percent secure.  Therefore, your use of the Site, including providing any personal information, is at your own risk and we cannot guarantee that your information will always remain private.  You agree that in the event of an unauthorized third party compromise of our security measures, Access Group will not be responsible for any damages caused by such unauthorized third party’s ability to access your information.
Privacy Notice
The following notice describes what Access Group does with the personal information of customers whose loans are owned by Access Group or its affiliates.
Privacy Disclosure Form
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about Access Group's Privacy Policy, please contact us at general@accessgroup.org.