http://www.greenbook.org/cookie-policy/
Menu
Cancel
Search
By Market Research Specialties
Find Companies By Location
Find Focus Group Facilities by Location
Find Companies by Name
Resources
GRIT Report
Webinars
IIeX Events
Case Studies
Articles
GreenBook Blog
For Vendors
Marketing Services
Sponsor IIeX Events
Create a Directory Listing
Our Audience
Jobs
Stay Informed
Sign in
New York AMA Communication Services, Inc. (NYACS), d.b.a. “GreenBook”, is committed to protecting your personal information and ensuring your experience with us is as safe and as enjoyable as possible. The NYACS Cookie Policy should be read in conjunction with our Privacy Policy. Our Cookie Policy explains how and why we use “cookies” within our websites, software, or other associated services (collectively the “Platform”). If you have any questions regarding this Cookie Policy, please contact us at privacy@greenbook.org.
Cookies are small amounts of information in the form of text files sent by websites to computers, mobile phones or other devices when you visit a website. They allow companies to do various things, such as: tailoring content, personalizing website visits, and ensuring the security of any online experience. Cookies typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come, the “lifetime” of the cookie, and a randomly generated unique number or other value. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies may come in different formats. Session cookies are temporary cookies that remain in your browser until you leave a website. Persistent cookies remain in your browser for a longer period of time. Third party cookies are cookies that are loaded onto your browser by third parties. Third party cookies are usually a type of persistent cookie and are stored until you delete them or they expire based on the time period set in each cookie.
We use both session cookies and persistent cookies. Please be aware that cookies may be used on our Platform whether or not you have created an account or submitted information to us. We use session and persistent cookies for the following reasons:
Authentication, Personalization And Security - Cookies help us verify your account and device and determine when you’re logged in, so we can make it easier for you to access our Platform and to provide the appropriate experiences and features. We also use cookies to help prevent fraudulent use of login credentials.
Performance And Analytics - Cookies help us analyze how the Platform is being accessed and used, and enables us to track performance of the Platform. For example, we use cookies to provide insights regarding our Platform’s performance, such as page views, conversion rates, device information, visitor IP addresses and referral sites.
When you visit our Platform, you may also receive cookies from third parties. The information collected by such third party cookies is governed by their privacy policies and the session and expiration times for each cookie vary based on the third party’s policies. We use third party cookies for the following reasons:
Bizzabo sets a cookie to help us manage event registrations, event purchases, marketing tools, and event sign ups.
Drift uses cookies to track sessions and identify users using session tokens.
Google sets a cookie in order to evaluate use of those services and compile a report for us. We also use Google Doubleclick to manage our ad campaigns.
Groove sets a cookie to help keep track of your conversations and to remember when you have initiated a help chat with us.
LeadPages sets a cookie to help track visitors and to identify users that have visited our website and opted into communications with us.
OptinMonster sets cookies to help track new users versus returning users. Additionally, it sets cookies to track ongoing email opt-in campaigns.
Pardot is an email marketing automation tool. It tracks the number of sends and open rates for visitors who filled a landing page form or returning customers who have clicked on an email campaign.
Siftrock uses cookies for email response automation and to track how you interact with our emails.
We use cookies to ensure that our Platform functions as intended and to provide you with any services that you may have requested. Additionally, we use cookies based on your consent, where required by law, as stated within the Privacy Policy.
The cookies we use are designed to optimize your experience using our Platform, if you do not wish to receive cookies, most online browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. Please note that if you choose to refuse cookies some portions of the Platform may not function properly. Generally, you may change your cookie settings within the “options” or “preferences” tab. For more information related to your cookie settings, please use the “Help” option located within your browser. Additionally, the following links may be helpful if you wish to opt out of any cookies:
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari web and iOS
Alternatively, you may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org, which contains comprehensive information regarding the management of cookies on your browser.
If you wish to limit third party advertising cookies, you may be able to turn cookies off by visiting the following links:
Your Online Choices
Network Advertising Initiative
Digital Advertising Alliance
Opting out of any internet based advertising will only work for the browser you are currently using, any additional browsers or devices with which you access our Platform must be opted out of separately. Some opt outs may only work if your browser accepts cookies. If you delete cookies, change your browser settings, switch browsers or computers, or use another device you may be required to opt out again.
We may also use other online services to track your behavior and usage on our Platform. We use Google Analytics to help us measure traffic and usage trends for our Platform. Additionally, Google Analytics helps us understand more about the demographics of our users. You can learn more about Google’s practices at https://policies.google.com/privacy/partners, and you may opt-out of Google Analytics by visitinghttps://tools.google.com.
Back to Top