http://www.mandelcom.com/about/privacy/
Launch of listening science practice, and neuroscience-backed listening skills workshop
LEARN MORE
Home
Why MandelProven ResultsStorytelling FrameworkSCIPAB® Messaging ToolGlobal TrainingOnsite & Virtual TrainingListening AssessmentTraining & CoachingPresentation SkillsConversation SkillsCollaboration SkillsSelf-Paced Online TrainingMobile Coaching AppExecutive CoachingSpeaker TrainingTrain-the-Trainer WorkshopsVirtual WorkshopsThe Extraordinary Presenter®The Influential Conversation™The Listening Edge™The Collaboration Mindset™Breakthrough Communicator™ OnlineVirtual Open EnrollmentsSuccess StoriesClient ListSuccess StoriesVoice of the CustomerOnline Sales BootcampAboutLeadership TeamConsulting ApproachTraining MethodologyReinforcementMeasurementAwards & RecognitionAlliancesEventsNewsCareersResourcesBlogVirtual ToolsWhitepapers & eBooksVideosPodcasts and WebinarsBriefing Center Resources
Call +1.831.475.8202
Why Mandel Proven Results
Storytelling Framework
SCIPAB® Messaging Tool
Global Training
Onsite & Virtual Training
Listening Assessment
Training & Coaching Presentation Skills
Conversation Skills
Collaboration Skills
Self-Paced Online Training
Mobile Coaching App
Executive Coaching
Speaker Training
Train-the-Trainer
Workshops Virtual Workshops
The Extraordinary Presenter®
The Influential Conversation™
The Listening Edge™
The Collaboration Mindset™
Breakthrough Communicator™ Online
Virtual Open Enrollments
Success Stories Client List
Success Stories
Voice of the Customer
Online Sales Bootcamp
About Leadership Team
Consulting Approach
Training Methodology
Reinforcement
Measurement
Awards & Recognition
Alliances
Events
News
Careers
Resources Blog
Virtual Tools
Whitepapers & eBooks
Videos
Podcasts and Webinars
Briefing Center Resources
Leadership Team
Consulting Approach
Training Methodology
Reinforcement
Measurement
Awards & Recognition
Alliances
Events
News
Careers
Leadership Team
Consulting Approach
Training Methodology
Reinforcement
Measurement
Awards & Recognition
Alliances
Events
News
Careers
This website, mandel.com, is administered by Mandel Communications, Inc. (“Mandel”, “us”, or “we”).  Mandel values the privacy of those who provide private personal information to us.  The primary purpose of mandel.com is to be an informative resource about Mandel’s communications skills courses and services.  We want you to feel secure when visiting our site, and we are committed to maintaining your privacy when doing so.  This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) summarizes what personally identifiable information we may collect, how we might use this information, and how we strive to protect your privacy during your visit.
What information do we gather?
Information on mandel.com is gathered in two ways: (1) indirectly (for example, through our site’s technology); and (2) directly (for example, when you provide information on various pages of mandel.com).
One example of information we collect indirectly is through our Internet access logs. When you access mandel.com, your Internet address and domain are automatically collected and placed in our Internet access logs. We collect information directly from you in a number of ways, some of which we describe in this Policy.  This information is used to improve our website and better meet customer needs.  For example, we automatically collect information regarding type of computer and operating system you are using. This information is supplied to us by your browser.
In addition, Mandel and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website or service.
There are times when we request that you voluntarily supply us with personal information, including your name, title, company name, email address, and possibly phone number and your company postal address, such as: requesting to download white papers and articles; registering for workshops and online webinars; receiving workshop participant pre- and post-workshop materials and reinforcement content; submitting questions or comments; and/or participating in an online survey. If you would like to discontinue receiving this information, you may update your email preferences by using the “Unsubscribe” link found in emails we send to you or at your member profile on our website or by contacting us at info@mandel.com.
In addition, Mandel clients may provide information about their individual employees and/or contractors who might be enrolled to attend a Mandel training session. When you provide us with personal information about your contacts we will only use this information for the specific reason for which it is provided. If you believe that one of your contacts has provided us with your personal information and you would like to request that it be removed from our database, please contact us at info@mandel.com.  In such cases, Mandel collects information under the direction of its clients, and has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data Mandel processes.  If you are an employee or contractor of one of our clients, and you would no longer like to be contacted by Mandel on behalf of our client, please contact the Mandel client (your employer, if you are an employee, or your client, if you are a contractor), to inform the company of your option to not participate in Mandel’s services in this way.  In addition, if you believe that any information the Mandel client provided to Mandel on your behalf is incorrect, inaccurate, or incomplete, please notify the Mandel client, who will contact us to remove, update, or correct the information, and we will do so within thirty (30) days following receipt of the written request from the Mandel client.
Mandel may transfer personal information to individuals or companies that help us provide our service. Transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by the provisions in this Policy regarding notice and choice and the service agreements with our clients
Mandel will retain personal data we process on behalf of our clients for as long as needed to provide services to our client. Mandel will retain and use this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
How do we use this information?
The personal information supplied will be used by Mandel to respond to inquiries, supply requested information on Mandel services or products, or track orders placed with Mandel. Authorized third parties may be utilized by Mandel to collect, track, and process such information. If you have submitted personally identifiable information to Mandel electronically and would like it removed or modified, please contact us. We will use reasonable efforts to promptly comply with your request.
Mandel may use the information collected by our website to enable the delivery of (direct) marketing and offers, or otherwise facilitate transmittal of information that may be useful, relevant, valuable, or otherwise of interest to you. Any marketing communications sent by marketers have an automatic opt-out link at the bottom of each communication. You may elect to remove yourself from further informational communications by selecting and confirming this link.
We also analyze the information that we collect to determine what is most effective about our site, to help us identify ways to improve it, and eventually to determine how we can tailor mandel.com to make it more effective. We may also use data for other purposes, which we would describe to you at the point we collect the information.
Will we share this with outside parties?
We may also disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process and when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your property or safety and/or the property or safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request or to any third party with your consent to do so.
We may also disclose your personal information in order to enforce this Policy, respond to your requests for customer service, investigate and endeavor to prevent unauthorized transactions or unlawful activities, and respond to requests or notices regarding infringement claims.
In addition, we display testimonials of satisfied clients on our site in addition to other endorsements. With your consent, we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, please contact us.
If Mandel is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
What about sensitive data?
We do not generally seek to collect sensitive personal data through this site. If we do seek to collect such data, we will ask you to consent to our proposed uses of the data. We may also collect some sensitive personal data incidentally. By providing us with unsolicited sensitive personal data, you consent to our using the data subject to applicable law as described in this Policy. The references to “sensitive personal data” are to the various categories of personal data identified by European and other data privacy laws as requiring special treatment, including in some circumstances the need to obtain explicit consent. These categories comprise personal identity numbers, personal data about personality and private life, racial or ethnic origin, nationality, political opinions, membership of political parties or movements, religious, philosophical or other similar beliefs, membership of a trade union or profession or trade association, physical or mental health, genetic code, addictions, sexual life, property matters or criminal record (including information about suspected criminal activities).
What about data security?
We take reasonable appropriate steps that are designed to maintain the security of your data on mandel.com.  We follow generally accepted standards that are designed to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. You should understand that the open nature of the Internet is such that data may flow over networks without security measures and may be accessed and used by people other than those for whom the data is intended.  Accordingly, Mandel does not assume or accept liability for unintentional disclosure. If you have any questions about security, please contact us at 1+ (831) 475-8202 (in the US).
By providing personally identifiable information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of our website.  If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on our website or sending an email to you. You may have a legal right to receive this notice in writing.  To receive free written notice of a security breach (or to withdraw your consent from receiving electronic notice), please notify us at info@mandel.com.
Mandel’s Proprietary Rights
You acknowledge that Mandel owns the Mandel Communications trademark and domain names and that all information and content published on this site is the copyrighted work of Mandel Communications and/or its licensors. Unless otherwise specifically authorized in writing (signed by Mandel’s CEO, CFO, or COO), you are not authorized to copy, transmit, or otherwise publish any portion or content of this site.
Links to Third Party Sites
The Mandel website may contain links to other sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Mandel. We do not endorse or otherwise accept responsibility for the content or privacy policies of those sites. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policy.  We strongly encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy and terms of use of any site you visit, particularly before providing any of your personal information to that site.
Blog/Forum
Our web site may offer publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. Please contact us to request removal of your personal information from any blog or community forum that may be offered on our site. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Social Media Widgets
Our web site includes social media features, such as buttons that enable you to follow Mandel on YouTube, LinkedIn, or Twitter, and/or the Facebook Like button and widgets, or other interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our web site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.  The company names and/or trademarks listed above are the trademarks of their respective owners, which except to the limited extent described above, are in no way affiliated with Mandel.
Governing Law/International Users
If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your personally identifiable information to us in the United States. By providing your personally identifiable information, you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this Policy.
Acceptance of Privacy Policy
By using this site, you expressly assent to and accept this Policy.
Changes to this Policy
We may update this Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email or by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
We are interested in maintaining your privacy and creating a valuable resource for you to use.  If you have any questions, now or in the future, please contact us.  Thank you.
Mandel Communications, Inc.
820 Bay Avenue, Suite 113
Capitola, CA 95010 USA
Email: info@mandel.com
+1-800-262-6335
+1-831-475-8202
+1-831-475-4365 Fax
1-800-2-MANDEL (in U.S.)
Effective Date: March 1, 2018
Sign up to get free communication tips and insights.
Subscribe to Insights
About Mandel
Mandel is the global communication skills training company for organizations that believe in unleashing the power and potential of their employees. As proven experts in the science of communication in a complex world, we help companies around the world discover new ways to help their people think and speak more effectively, and make every communication count.
Learn About Us
Skill Building
Presentation Skills
Influencing Skills
Team Building Skills
Executive Coaching
Speaker Training
Train-the-Trainer Certificate
Workshops
The Extraordinary Presenter®
The Influential Conversation™
The Collaboration Mindset™
Breakthrough Communicator™
Public Workshops™
More
Client List
Blog
Whitepapers & eBooks
Videos
Contact Us
Call +1.831.475.8202
Get Started
Trademarks   |   Privacy   |   Sitemap   |   Green Business Pledge © 2020 Mandel Communications
This Website uses first and third party cookies. By clicking "agree" or by continuing to browse this Website,
you consent to the use of cookies.
Read more about these cookies and how to configure them.
Accept