http://www.viscount.com.au/news___events/viscount_-_helps_to_protect_aussi_troops
Viscount Plastics, Materials Handling, Packaging, blow moulding, Australia
VRM supplies components; helping to keep Aussi troops safe
The 800th Bushmaster to roll off the Bendigo production line has been officially handed over to the Hon. Stephen Smith, Minister for Defence.
The handover ceremony at Thales Australia's Bendigo facility was also attended by The Hon. Jason Clare, Minister for Defence Materiel; Steve Gibbons MP, Federal Member for Bendigo; plus a host of representatives from Bushmaster suppliers and industry associations.
The vehicle is an Australian success story, helping save troops' lives on operations and enabling successful completion of missions in even the most hostile environments. Chris Jenkins, Thales Australia's CEO, said the production milestone achieved by the Bushmaster was the result of Australian ingenuity and manufacturing expertise. "Our Bendigo facility is unique, not only because it is the home of such an innovative vehicle, but also because we have the engineering and manufacturing skills to evolve the vehicle to meet new threats on the battlefield.
"This local expertise, and that of all the suppliers to the program – the vast majority of which are Australian – gives the Australian Defence Force a significant resource it can use to adapt the vehicle to its own unique needs. "In addition, new Bushmaster variants such as the Single Cab Utility, as well as new vehicles such as the Hawkei, have only been possible because of the proven capability found in our Bendigo facility.
"The recent Commonwealth order for 101 new Bushmasters has given the Bendigo facility agreat boost, and we are vigorously pursuing ongoing opportunities for the Single Cab under Land 121 Phase 3 and the Hawkei under Land 121 Phase 4, as well as export orders." Image and text curtesy of Thales Australia
Viscount Rotational Moulding supplies components; helping to protect Australian troops.
Viscount Rotational Mouldings (VRM) provides component parts used in the manufacture of the Bushmaster. VRM has been working in close association with Thales in order to provide the best quality solution, custom moulded for their individual requirements.
The customer's needs are the driving force in VRM's product development. It is the market that determines what is developed, what is produced and ultimately what is sold. The development of a partnership with customers such as Thales forms the basis for creating exciting new products.
To help assist customers, VRM offers the latest design and moulding technologies with the capability of producing parts that range in size from 1 litre up to 25,000 litres. Rotational moulding is an incredibly versatile process.
The choice of materials is equally diverse with the entire colour spectrum available. Cost effective tooling and the ability to produce economical small production runs, gives VRM the means to supply what you need, on time and within budget.
Site Map | Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Copyright © Viscount Plastics Pty Ltd
Web design Australia by Wolters Kluwer