https://www.emcorgroup.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice informs you of important information about how EMCOR Group, Inc. (collectively with our affiliates in the United States, "our," "us" or "we"), process the personal information that we collect both online through the Site and offline in providing our services. This Privacy Notice does not apply to the personal information we collect from employees, applicants, contractors, service providers, or other business contacts we collect in the context of a transaction with us.
“Personal Information” means information that reasonably can be used to identify a living person, or that reasonably relates to a living person. When we use the term “Site” we mean to refer collectively to the websites and mobile applications owned and controlled by us that link to this Privacy Notice.
This Privacy Notice applies to anyone who uses the Site (a "User," "you" or "your"). When you use or access this Site, you give us your consent to collect, process, use, store, and disclose, in accordance with this Privacy Notice, any Personal Information that you submit or convey through your use of the Site.
This Privacy Notice is subject to change at any time, effective immediately upon posting on the Site. It is your obligation to review the Privacy Notice from time to time. By using this Site, you represent that you have read, understand, and accept this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Site following posting of changes to terms contained in this Privacy Notice will mean you understand and accept those changes. If you do not agree with any of the terms of the Privacy Notice, you must discontinue use of the Site.
Information We Collect
We collect the following categories of Personal Information about you when you use our Site, including Personal Information provided by you, and Personal Information we automatically collect:
We collect Personal Information that you enter on our Site or give to us in another way. When you use our Information Request Form on the Site to contact us, we collect identifiers, including your name, physical and email address, telephone and fax number, job title, and company name. We collect your email, name, job title, and company name when you subscribe to our newsletter. We also collect Personal Information to the extent you communicate with us via email or web-based forms.
We also automatically collect certain internet or other electronic network activity information automatically related to your use of the Site. For each User, our web server automatically recognizes and places in log files information such as the visitor domain name, IP address, web browser, operating system, internet service provider, the pages visited, clickstream data, and time and date of visit. Please see the Cookies Disclosures below for more detail.
In addition to the information we collect on our Site, we use business contact information to market our services.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We use the information we collect, including Personal Information, to improve the content and functionality of the Site, provide and improve our products and services, send announcements and communications about our products and services, facilitate marketing efforts, process your requests, and otherwise operate our business. If you do not want your Personal Information to be used for marketing purposes, please contact emcor_info@emcor.net. If you do not want your Personal Information used as otherwise detailed in this Privacy Notice, then you must not use the Site.
We do not sell your Personal Information.
How We Share the Information
We may share your information, including your Personal Information, among our affiliated companies. We may also share your information with third parties that provide services to us or on our behalf, including marketing and other services that help us operate our business.
Third Parties We utilize third parties to process online transactions through www.payemcor.com. Elavon, a hosted payment solutions provider and a third-party payment gateway provider, hosts the payment acceptance services and processes the online transaction. This third party is responsible for data security with respect to these transactions. We do not store, transmit, process, nor distribute any sensitive customer credit card information on www.payemcor.com. We use Personal Information provided to us by this third party which does not include credit card numbers, in order to properly manage your account and provide services through our affiliated companies.
Legal Process: We may also disclose certain Personal Information as required by law or in connection with a legal claim, dispute, or proceeding or in response to requests by governmental regulatory authorities, or as we may reasonably determine to be necessary or appropriate to protect our rights or the rights of others or to avert loss or harm to persons or property. We may also transfer your Personal Information to a third party in connection with a merger, sale, reorganization or similar transaction involving all or part of our affiliated companies.
Business Transfers: We may disclose Personal Information as part of a corporate business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, or financing or sale of company assets, and may transfer Personal Information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. It may also be disclosed in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership.
Cookie Disclosures
We automatically collect certain information to help us understand how you use our Site. For example, each time you visit our Site, we may automatically collect your IP address, browser and computer type, access time, the webpage from which you came, and the webpage(s) that you access during your visit.
How we use Cookies: We use cookies and related technologies (“Cookies”) on our Site to gather information when users navigate through the Site, to enhance and personalize the experience, to understand usage patterns, and to improve our Site, products, and services.
Cookies on our Site are generally divided into the following categories:
Essential Cookies:  These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our Site and to use some of their features, such as access to secure areas. Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the Services, you cannot refuse them without impacting how our Site functions.
Performance and Functionality Cookies: These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our Site but are non-essential to its use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality may become unavailable.
Analytics and Customization Cookies: These cookies collect information that is used to help us understand how our Site is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our Site for you in order to enhance your experience.
Targeting Cookies: These record your visit to our Site, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed to recognize you as a previous visitor and to track your activity on the Site and other websites you visit. These Cookies qualify as persistent cookies, because they remain on your device for us to use during a next visit to our Sites. You can delete these cookies via your browser settings. See below for further details on how you can control third-party targeting cookies.
We also allow third parties to use Cookies on our Site to collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites you visit. This information is used to provide advertising tailored to your interests on websites you visit, also known as interest based advertising, and to analyze the effectiveness of such advertising.
How to control Cookies: You can review your Internet browser settings, typically under the sections "Help" or "Internet Options," to exercise choices you have for certain Cookies. If you disable or delete certain Cookies in your settings, you may not be able to use features of the Site.
To learn more about the use of Cookies by Google for analytics and to exercise choice regarding those Cookies, please visit the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
Google Analytics: This site uses Google Analytics. To learn more about how Google Analytics collects and processes data, please visit the “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps”.
We support the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising of the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”).  To learn more about certain third-party Cookies used for interest-based advertising, including through cross-device tracking, and to exercise certain choices regarding such cookies, please visit the Digital Advertising Alliance, Network Advertising Initiative, Digital Advertising Alliance-Canada, European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance or your device settings if you have the DAA or other mobile app.
The opt-outs described above are device- and browser-specific and may not work on all devices. If you choose to opt-out through any of these opt-out tools, this does not mean you will cease to see advertising. Rather, the ads you see will just not be based on your interests.
Children’s Privacy
Our Site is not directed to, and we do not intend to, or knowingly, collect or solicit Personal Information online from children under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, do not provide us with any Personal Information either directly, on any website bulletin boards, or by other means. If a child under 18 has provided Personal Information to us, we encourage the child’s parent or guardian to contact us to request that we remove the information from our systems.
User Generated Content
Our Site may enable users to submit their own content for videos, photos, and other functions. Please remember that any information you submit or post as user-generated content to our Site may become public information. You should exercise caution in such submissions or posts. We cannot prevent others from using such data in a manner that may violate this Privacy Notice, the law, or your personal privacy and safety. We are not responsible for the results of such postings.
Your Choices Regarding the Information
If you supply us with your email address, and you do not want to receive emails from us in the future, please let us know by sending us an email at emcor_info@emcor.net or use the opt-out mechanism provided in the email.
If you wish to access, update, correct, or delete your Personal Information, please email emcor_info@emcor.net. Upon receipt of a request to delete Personal Information, we will delete the applicable Personal Information from our active databases, although your Personal Information may continue to be stored on our back-up media. We reserve the right to charge a small fee to provide access to or to process any request to update, correct, or delete Personal Information
How We Protect the Information
We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect personal information within our firm. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be secure at all times. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us in accordance with the “Contact Us” section below.
Third Party Websites
This Privacy Notice applies only to the Site and does not apply to websites or digital services that are linked to the Site and not operated by or on behalf of us. Links to third-party web sites are provided solely as a convenience to you. All content accessed via links to outside websites or digital services belongs to the respective owners of those websites and content and services available via such websites or digital services are governed by the terms and conditions or privacy policies of those websites.
Our Site also includes features such as buttons and widgets hosted by other companies (for example, the Twitter “Tweet” button). Some of these features collect Personal Information or other information such as IP address and your actions on our Site. This Privacy Notice does not apply to the practices of these third parties. We encourage you to review the privacy notices of those third parties to learn about their personal information and privacy practices.
California Privacy Rights
California residents may have certain consumer rights. These rights may include the right to: (i) request additional disclosures about the Personal information we collect, use, and disclose; and (ii) request access to or erasure of your Personal information. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights, for example, by charging a different price or denying goods or services. However, we may charge a different price or rate or provide a different level or quality of goods or services when that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to us by the data.
How to Exercise Consumer Rights
If you wish to exercise any of these rights please email [emcor_info@emcor.net] with the phrase "California Consumer Rights" in the subject line. You may also call 866.890.7794, or complete this web form. We will review your requests and respond accordingly. The rights described herein are not absolute and we reserve all of our rights available to us at law in this regard. Additionally, if we retain your Personal information only in de-identified form, we will not attempt to re-identify your data in response to a Consumer Rights request.
If you make a request related to Personal information about you, you will be required to supply a valid means of identification as a security precaution. If you have an online account with us, you may satisfy this identification requirement by first logging into that account. For others, we will request verification of data elements we have stored. For requests related to particularly sensitive information, we may require additional proof of identification.
If you make a Consumer Rights request through an authorized agent, we will require written proof that the agent is authorized to act on your behalf.
We will process your request within the time provided by applicable law.
Other California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84 give California residents the right to ask us for a notice describing the categories of Personal Information we share with third parties or among our affiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes. Upon request, we will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the names and addresses of third parties and affiliates with which it has been shared. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the contact information set forth below. Please allow 30 days for a response.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns, you may contact us at:
Address: 301 Merritt Seven, Norwalk, CT 06851
Email: emcor_info@emcor.net
Telephone (toll free): 866.890.7794