http://www.pas.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy provides important information about how we collect and use your personal information (“Personal Data”).  References to “PAS” are references to PAS Global, LLC (a Delaware limited liability company with corporate headquarters at 13100 Space Center Blvd, Suite 500, Houston, Texas 77059, USA) and its subsidiaries. Please review this Privacy Policy carefully. PAS is committed to protecting the security and privacy of your Personal Data.
Personal Data Collection
The following section outlines what, how and why Personal Data is collected:
Request for PAS Promotional Materials
We collect Personal Data when you communicate with PAS or sign up to receive marketing materials.
Registration of PAS Products and Services
PAS will collect Personal Data when you register a PAS product. This Personal Data may include name, address, phone number, email address, location, username and password.
Access to PAS Websites and Online Tools
PAS will collect limited Personal Data when accessing the PAS website. This information would be collected through the use of cookies that are necessary for technical functionality and to also help provide personalization to the end-user, as well as provide performance and advertising analytics. Such information is automatically sent to us by your web browser or device, such as your IP-address, device type, browser type, referring site, sites accessed during your visit, the date and time of each visitor request.
Under 18 Years of Age
PAS does not knowingly collect Personal Data online from individuals under 18 years of age without parental consent. Please report any individual to PAS (privacy@pas.com) who is under 18, and has provided their Personal Data without parental consent, and we will take steps to remove the data as permitted by law.
Categories of Personal Data Collected (California Residents)
PAS has collected the following categories of personal information from visitors to its website within the last twelve (12) months:
Identifiers: name, job title, company, industry, country, phone number, and email address or other similar identifiers;
Commercial information: records of products or services purchased or considered, or other purchasing histories or tendencies;
Geolocation data: location;
Usage: username;
Other: IP address, browser information.
Disclosure of Personal Data
We do not sell or otherwise disclose Personal Data about our website visitors outside PAS, except as described here.
We may share information provided by our visitors to this site with service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf. These service providers are contractually restricted from using or disclosing the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements.
We may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process, (ii) to law enforcement authorities or other government officials as required to comply with a legitimate legal request, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity.
We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets.
We may share Personal Data provided by our visitors to this site with PAS HQ, subsidiaries, branches and affiliates located outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
Legal Justification for Processing of Personal Data
We may use Personal Data collected about you for the following purposes:
Performance of a contract.
To allow PAS to provide technical support to customers.
To provide, administer and communicate with you about products, services, events, surveys and promotions by PAS (including by sending you marketing communications).
Process, evaluate and respond to your requests, inquiries and applications; create, administer and communicate with you about your accounts (including employment application profiles); operate, evaluate and improve our business (including developing new products and services; managing our communications; performing market research; determining and managing the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing; analyzing our products, services and websites; administering our websites; and performing accounting, auditing, billing, reconciliation and collection activities).
Conduct investigations and comply and enforce applicable legal requirements or, industry standards and our policies and terms, such as this site’s terms of use; and ensure the safety of PAS network services, information resources and employees.
We also may use personal information for other additional purposes. We will identify these additional purposes at the time of collection.
Personal Data Consent
In cases where PAS is not already authorized to process your Personal Data under applicable laws, PAS may request your consent for the following:
Marketing
PAS may ask for your consent to contact you by SMS, mail, email, telephone and social media to keep you informed of our promotional offers, software updates and enhancements, and new releases.
Research
PAS may ask for your consent to user your Personal Data for research purposes.
Use of Cookies
The PAS websites use cookies to improve user experience and performance/advertising analytics. Cookies are small files which are stored on a user’s computer. They are designed to hold a modest amount of data specific to a particular client and website, which can be accessed either by the web server or the client computer.  Most browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them, and how to remove them. Cookies can remember login information, preferences, and your last time logging onto the site. Cookies, as well as other tracking technologies, such as HTML5 local storage, Local Shared Objects (such as “Flash” cookies), web beacons, and similar mechanisms, may record information such as Internet Domain and host names; Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser software and operating system types; clickstream patterns, and dates and times that our Site is accessed.
Cookies used for analytics may use non-Personal Data that is not directly linked to you. PAS uses analytical technology to improve our Site and Services.
End-users who would like to deny the use and saving of cookies from our site on to their computer’s hard drive, should consider taking steps within their computer’s web browser to block all cookies from the PAS site.
Please note that if you choose to erase or block cookies on your computer, you will need to re-enter your username and password to gain access to certain parts of the PAS website. For information on how to disable cookies, please refer to your browser’s documentation.
Browse InPrivate in Microsoft Edge
Incognito mode in Google Chrome
Private browsing mode in Mozilla FireFox
Private browsing mode in Apple Safari
Right to Withdraw Consent (Relevant Jurisdictions)
You may at any time withdraw the consent you provided to PAS for the processing of your Personal Data for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Notice by contacting us at privacy@pas.com provided that PAS is not required by applicable law or regulatory requirements to retain such information.
Anonymized Data
PAS may create de-identified or anonymous data from Personal Data by excluding data components (such as your name, email address, and other identifiable information) that makes the data personally identifiable to you or through obfuscation or through other means.  Our use of anonymized data is not restricted by this Privacy Notice.
Data Retention
PAS will retain your Personal Data for as long as you maintain an account or as otherwise necessary to provide you our services.  We will also retain your Personal Data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Where we no longer need to process your Personal Data for the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice, we will delete your Personal Data from our systems.  Where permissible, we will also delete your Personal Data upon request, as further described in this Privacy Notice.
Social Network Sites
To enhance your experience on our website, we sometimes embed content and sharing tools from other (third party) sites, such as “like” buttons from social networking sites; these third-party sites may also place and access cookies on your device. PAS does not control the placement or access of these third-party cookies. You should check the relevant third-party website(s) for more information about these cookies and whether and how you may make choices about them. These are:
Twitter – Twitter Privacy Policy
LinkedIn - LinkedIn Privacy Policy
Google+ and Google Analytics – Google Privacy Policy , Google Analytics Privacy Policy
GoToWebinar – GoToWebinar Privacy Policy
EventBrite – EventBrite Privacy Policy
Data Access, Disclosure, Modification and Deletion Rights (Relevant Jurisdictions and California Residents)
You have the right in certain circumstances to request confirmation from us as to whether or not we are processing your Personal Data. Where we are processing your Personal Data, you also have the right to request access to, disclosure of, modification of, deletion of, or restrict or object to processing of, such Personal Data. You have the right in certain circumstances to receive the Personal Data concerning you that you provided to us, and have the right in certain circumstances to transmit such data to another controller.
To exercise your rights with respect to your Personal Data, please contact us at privacy@pas.com, or call us at our toll-free number +1 833-364-0076. Upon receipt, we will properly verify the obtained request. As permitted by law, certain data elements may not be subject to access, modification, and/or deletion.  Furthermore, we may charge for this service (if permitted by law) and will respond to reasonable requests as soon as practical and as required by law.
Right to Lodge a Complaint with a Supervisory Authority (Relevant Jurisdictions)
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Non-Discrimination (California Residents)
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) rights.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality level of goods or services. This difference would be reasonably related to your Personal Data’s value.
How We Protect Your Personal Data
We use reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information you provide to us against loss, misuse, or unauthorized access. All Personal Data that we collect is protected using industry standard computer security and industrial security practices.
Contacting PAS
If you have any questions or comments about the PAS Privacy Policy please contact us by:
Emailing us at:   privacy@pas.com
Calling us at: +1 833-364-0076 (toll free number)
or
Writing us at:
PAS Global Headquarters
13100 Space Center Blvd.
Suite 500
Houston, TX 77059
Thank you for visiting our site.
PAS Global Privacy Policy Revision 2020-05-15