https://www.voltech.com/privacy.aspx
Login
Welcome
Applications
Products
Support
Contact Us
Welcome
Applications
Products
Support
Contact Us
Contact Voltech
USA
1-239-437-0494
EUR
44 1235 861173
ASIA
44-1235-364-001
or
Email Voltech
Login
Navigate to ...
Welcome
Applications
Products
Support
Contact Us
VOLTECH
INSTRUMENTS LIMITED
PRIVACY
POLICY
410-017
issue 2
18
MAY 2018
Overview
Voltech Instruments Limited (“we” / “our” /
“us”) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy together with the Website Terms
of Use sets out the basis on which we will process any personal data we collect
from you or that you provide to us through your use of the website
www.voltech.com (“Website”) and all platforms including phone calls, emails,
and any other medium where you may interact with us.
Please read the following carefully to
understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will
treat it.
What
information to we collect and store?
When you contact Voltech via, telephone, mail, e mail or through our website we
record information into our internal database system.
Some of this data will be personal data - The list below is the personal data
we may hold
Name of Contact
Corporate Address
E mail address of individual
IP address
Online behaviours (cookies) + Google Analytics Data
Location Data
Voltech does not hold any “Special Category Information” relating to Race,
Religion, or Political opinions
Voltech does not store any credit or debit card information.
If you order product or services from
Voltech and pay using a card, we will telephone you to obtain the card details
and process them immediately.
After information collected during the call
will be shredded immediately the card has been processed.
If you register an account on the Website you
will be sharing your personal information with us including your name, the name
of your company or business, your country of residence and your email address.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of
the correspondence we enter with you.
We may also ask you for information if you
report a problem with our Website, products or services.
Via our website, we may collect information
about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating
system and browser type, for system administration.
This is statistical data about our users'
browsing actions and patterns and does not identify any individual.
We may at our discretion publish in our
FAQs section, on an anonymized basis, any technical queries submitted by you
via the Website and our responses to them, unless you request that they are
kept private.
You will be given the opportunity to
request your queries are kept private at the time of submitting them to us.
Our
Use and Disclosure of Your Information
We may use the information we hold about
you to:
- provide you with products and services
you have requested from us if you have registered an account on the Website;
- notify you about changes to our Website
if you have registered an account on the Website;
- contact you from time to time with
information we believe may be of interest to you if you are a registered user
who has expressly consented to receive this information;
- help us improve our services, for example
by acting on any information you have provided to us;
- to deal with any enquiries,
correspondence, concerns or complaints you have raised.
- In certain territories, to complete your
request for a quotation or information, we may provide your details to one
of our authorized third-party distributors to provide a local service to you.
Any information that Voltech holds about
you is stored on secure servers and is password protected.
Only our authorized employees have access to your data and will only access it
when it is necessary to do so to carry out their duties.
We may disclose your personal data to any
member of our group companies, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate
holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK
Companies Act 2006.
If we sell or buy any business, shares in a
business or assets, we may disclose your personal data to the prospective
seller or buyer of such business, shares in a business or assets.
We may from time to time appoint service
providers, for example of IT services, to provide services to us.
This may involve disclosing your personal
data to them to enable it to be processed for a purpose which is consistent
with this privacy policy.
We may be forced to disclose information by
the government or other law enforcement agencies or in connection with the
investigation of unlawful activities.
Except as explained above, we will not
disclose your personal data to any third parties for any other purpose unless
we have your consent.
Your
consent
By submitting your information to us, you
consent to our use of that information as set out in this policy.
If you provide us with sensitive personal
data (for example your racial or ethnic origin), you expressly consent to us
using that data for the purpose given.
If you register an account on the Website,
you will be asked if we can contact you from time to time with information we
believe may be of interest to you.
You can opt-out of receiving such
information at any time, just contact us at sales@voltech.com
Cookies
Cookies are small data files, applied by
many websites, which transfer text-only information to your computer, which is
then stored by your computer.
Cookies are generally used to improve the
user experience, by, for example, storing your preferences, and enabling more
efficient navigation between web pages.
We use several cookies on the Website.
Some are strictly necessary for the Website
to enable you to use the Website effectively and to provide basic features.
These cannot be disabled by you.
These types of cookies might include, for
instance, those which are essential to enable you to login, or which are
essential to implement security protocols used by the Website.
These cookies do not remember where you
have been on the internet.
We may also use cookies which are not
strictly necessary for the operation of the Website but are designed to improve
its functionality or performance.
We have listed below several types of
cookies, which we have set, and our reasons for doing so.
Cookie
name - Purpose
.ASPXANONYMOUS - This cookie is issued by ASP.NET and contains a unique ID to help
recognise when a anonymous user attempts to log in
ASP.NET_SessionId - This cookie is
necessary for site functionality and is set even if you
do not give your consent. It is held
temporarily in memory and is deleted when the web browser is closed.
Googtrans - This cookie store information
which is used by Google Translate.
Selected Language - This cookie store
information which is used for proper displaying of
custom google translate dropdown.
ARRAffinity - Is being configured on the
server farm end to provide a client affinity feature that maps a client to a
content server behind Application Request Routing (ARR)
Language - Used to record the default
language for the website if it cannot be identified from your browser. In this
case it is set to English.
Authentication - This cookie is used as
part of the ASP.Net forms authentication.
DOTNETNUKE - This cookie is used by
DotNetNuke and the ASP.NET forms authentication. If this cookie is blocked
DotNetNuke will not recognize you have logged in
51D - This cookie is essential for support
of mobile devices. It allows to display website on multiple types of mobile
devices.
By using the Website, you accept the use of
these cookies.
Except for cookies strictly necessary to
operate the Website, which cannot be disabled, you may control the cookies used
by websites by modifying the settings in your browser.
To access the Google Analytics, opt out
browser, please visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
By choosing this option, you will block Google Analytics across all websites.
For more detailed information about cookies
and how they can be managed and deleted please visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Security
of information
Where we have given you (or where you have
chosen) a password to login as a registered user of the Website, you are
responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a
password with anyone.
[All pages of the Website that ask you to
enter personal information or payment information are encrypted with 128-bit
SSL. If you make a purchase using the Website, we will not store your credit
card information on our servers at any point; this information is stored on a
third-party PCI-DSS compliant secure server.]
However, unfortunately the transmission of
information via the Internet is not completely secure.
Although we will do our best to protect
your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted
to the Website and you acknowledge that any transmission is at your own risk.
In accordance with GDPR, Voltech undertakes
to take all precautions to preserve the security of its data and to protect
them against any accidental or unlawful destruction,  loss, corruption, unauthorised access as well as against any other form of
unlawful processing by unauthorized persons.
To avoid unauthorized access, to guarantee accuracy and the proper use of our
data, Voltech has put the appropriate electronic and physical and procedures in
place to safeguard the data gathered in its operation.
In the event of a breach of security, Voltech will directly inform those
affected without undue delay, after having become aware of it.
Access
to information
You have the right to request access
personal data we hold about you.
You have the right to opt out of any
marketing communications we send to you at any time.
If you wish to access, correct, update, or
request deletion of your personal data you can do so at any time, just contact
us at sales@voltech.com.
External
websites
The Website may, from time to time, contain
links to external websites.
If you follow a link to any external
websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and
website terms and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these
policies.
Please check these policies before you
submit any information to any external websites.
Your
acceptance of this privacy policy
By using the Website or contacting us
directly by phone or email, you consent to the collection and use of your
information by us as set out in this privacy policy.
Changes
to this privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy
policy will be posted on this page as a formal revision update.
Continued use of the Website will signify
that you agree to any such changes.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding
this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to sales@voltech.com.
Please also contact us at this address if
you would like to update or amend any of your personal data which you have sent
us.
Email Voltech
USA
1-239-437-0494
EUR
44 1235 861173
ASIA
44-1235-364-001
Site Map
Terms Of Business
Terms Of Use
Privacy
Terms Of Use
Privacy
Terms Of Business
Site Map
Contact Voltech
USA
1-239-437-0494
EUR
44 1235 861173
ASIA
44-1235-364-001
or
Email Voltech
First Name
Last Name
Company
Country
Select country
Australia
Austria
Belgium
Bosnia
Bulgaria
Canada
China
Costa Rica
Curacao
Czech Republic
Denmark
Dominican Republic
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Japan
Malaysia
Malta
Mexico
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Romania
Russian Federation
Serbia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
UK
USA
Vietnam
Phone
Email address
Question/Comment
Submit
"Red" = required field
Please, complete all required fields.
Please, select country from the list.
Please, enter a valid Email.
Thank you for your question. We will reply to your request as soon as possible.
An error occurred.
Voltech © 2020
We have placed cookies on your computer to help make this website better.
Please read our Privacy Statement for further information. Otherwise, we'll assume you're OK to continue.
OK, Don't Show This Message Again