http://www.dtechgroup.com/privacy.html
HOME
CORPORATE
OVERVIEW
HARDWARE
SOFTWARE
SERVICES
FEEDBACK
JOB
OPPORTUNITIES
HRST
CONTACT
US
PRIVACY
POLICY
Site Map
What are you looking for?
dTech's Privacy Policy
What information our site collects/tracks.
How
we use the information we collect/track.
With
whom we share the information we collect/track.
Our privacy policy as it applies to links on our site.
Our site's use of cookies.
Changes
in our privacy policy.
Security of your personal information.
Email Choice/Opt-out policy.
Methods of contacting us.
1.
What information our site
collects/tracks.
We collect and store the following
information from our web site users.
Information submitted via any form on our site.
Shipping information needed to ship an online order to
you.
Logging information for security purposes.
YOUR CREDIT CARD INFORMATION IS NEVER AVAILABLE TO US OR
STORED IN OUR DATABASE AT ANY TIME.  All credit card transactions are routed to Verisign
for secure processing.  We receive back shipping information from Verisign after it
has been submitted to them, but never any credit card information.
Back to Top
2.
How we use the
information we collect/track.
When you submit personal information to us
via web site forms, the information is kept in our database and is used only for purposes
of contacting you again at a later time. Forms
in which an email address is submitted will sometimes contain checkboxes allowing you to
choose if you would like to receive offers, newsletters, etc from us or other affiliated
outside organizations.   Only with such permission from you will we ever send you
email offers or solicitations.  If you have marked the check box indicating you would
like to receive offers from outside vendors, we will allow outside organizations that meet
our criteria, to send you emails via us.  We DO NOT give your address to such
organizations in any sort of address list.  Rather, they will submit us an email to
send to our own internal mailing list.  Only after the content of such an email has
been reviewed by us and validated as being appropriate and meeting the criteria
represented to you at the time you opted into our mailing list, will the email be sent to
you by us.
Back
to Top
3.
With whom we share the
information we collect/track.
If, at the time you submit your email
address to us in any of our online forms, you specify that it is okay for us to send you
offers from other outside vendors, we will keep your email address in our database and
allow these vendors to send emails to our list of such users.  These emails must
first be approved by us as having appropriate subject matter and content.  After they
have been so validated, we will send the email to the list of permitting users in our
database.  This is as far as our sharing of information goes.Any user who has opted into one or more of our mailing lists may
opt out of any or all of them at any time by visiting our email options page.
WE WILL NEVER DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO ANY
OUTSIDE SOURCE.
Back to Top
4.
Our privacy policy as it
applies to links on our site.
Our site contains links to other sites as a
convenience to our users, and, as a means of getting other sites to link to us.  We
also link to our secure payment gateway, Verisign,
to do credit card processing for our online orders.Our privacy policy applies to this site only and not to any other
site we may link to.  When linking to another site, the privacy policy for that site
(if any) would then apply.
As an example, when you total an online order on our site
and then click the "Checkout" button, you will be forwarded to Verisign's secure
server to submit shipping information and complete the credit card processing.  While
engaged in this transaction on their server, Verisign's privacy policy
would apply.
Back
to Top
5.
Our site's use of
cookies.
A cookie is a small packet of information
which can be placed on a web site user's computer by a web server, via that user's web
browser, when the user accesses the portion of the site that contains the cookie.
The information inside a cookie may then be retrieved by the web site (again, via
the user's browser) when the user visits the site again at a later time.Some common uses of cookies are:
To authenticate a user upon subsequent visits to a site
and thus spare the user the inconvenience of having to log in with a user name and
password each and every time.
To maintain a "shopping cart" of items that a
user selected while last on the site.  Leaving a cookie, identifying the items placed
in the cart, on the users computer can allow the server to "remember" what items
are in that users shopping cart on subsequent visits by reading the information in the
cookie.
Site personalization settings for a particular user can be
stored in cookies so that the settings may be restored automatically when the user
revisits the site.
To track the visits and browsing habits of a particular
user to a particular site.
Our use of cookies is extremely limited at this stage of
the site's development and may increase as more features are added to the site.  Rest
assured, however, that cookies will NEVER be used to obtain personal information from any
user without his/her authorization beyond what is mentioned in points one through four
above.
Back
to Top
6.
Changes in our privacy
policy.
Should we make any changes to our privacy
policy in the future, we will prominently post a link on our site that tells what changes
have been made.In the event that we
should decide to use any of our users' personal information in a way that is different
than was stated in our privacy policy during the time in which the information was
collected, we will email any such user in our database to notify them of the change(s).
The user then has a choice as to whether or not their personal information will be
used in this new manner by replying to the email or otherwise contacting us.
Back
to Top
7.
Security of your personal
information.
All online orders are totaled using our
shopping cart software before any personal information is obtained from the user.
The total amount of the order is then forwarded to Verisign's
secure server to collect credit card and shipping information, at which time, Verisign's privacy policy
would apply, as per point number 4 above.  The
shipping information and order details are returned to us and, if the transaction is
approved, the money obtained from the transaction is deposited into our merchant account
via our secure payment gateway (Verisign) and our payment processor.  We do
not keep or have access to any of your credit card information at any time.All other personal information (name, address, phone, email, etc)
is kept in our database and is accessed by only those who need access to it for order
processing, etc.
Back
to Top
8.
Email Choice/Opt-out
policy.
Any emails sent to our users as a result of
having opted into our mailing list at an earlier time will contain a link to our email options form, whereby they may opt out of
(or back into for that matter) any or all of our mailing lists.
Back to Top
9.
Methods of contacting us.
Please see our contact page for information on contacting us.
CONTACT INFO
Mailing Address: P.O. Box 480942
· Tulsa, Oklahoma · 74148-0942
HDQ: 6564 E. 41st St
· Tulsa, Oklahoma · 74145
TULSA and Heartland: 918-585-9988 ·
Toll-free 800-800-4278
NEW ORLEANS and Gulf Coast: 504-355-9800 · Toll-free 800-743-7448
West Coast: 918-921-5151x101 · Toll-free 800-743-7448
info@dtechgroup.com
printer_repair@dtechgroup.com
Hours: 8AM- 5PM Central Time Zone -
5 days a
week
Contact Information
Corporate
Headquarters
6564 E. 41st St
Tulsa, OK
74145
Voice:
504-355-9800
Toll Free: 800-800-4278
Toll Free:
800-743-7448
Electronic mail - click on email address to
send email
General Information
info@dtechgroup.com
Sales
sales@dtechgroup.com
Customer Support
support@dtechgroup.com
HRST-PSR Info
hrstinfo@dtechgroup.com
Webmaster
Webmaster@dtechgroup.com
CLICK HERE TO GO
BACK TO DTECH HOME PAGE
Send mail to  Webmaster@dtechgroup.com  with
questions or comments about this web site.
Most text, images, and sounds contained in this site are the express property of  DTECH Computerists, Inc.
All Rights Reserved.  Copyright © 1995-2020 by DTECH
Computerists, Inc.
Tulsa, Oklahoma USA 1-800-800-HARV
Information in this document is subject to change without notice.
Other products and companies, referred to herein, are trademarks
or registered trademarks of their respective companies or mark holders.
Rent a luxurious, six bedroom
luxury Vail rental home
in Vail, Colorado USA - best of Vail rental - http://www.vailrental.net/
DTECH Custom Computer Software located in
Tulsa, OK USA - http://www.dtechgroup.com/
DTECH  OKIDATA
PRINTER REPAIR located in Tulsa, OK USA - http://www.dtechgroup.com/
DTECH  EPSON PRINTER REPAIR located in
Tulsa, OK USA - http://www.dtechgroup.com/
DTECH ENCAD PRINTER REPAIR located in
Tulsa, OK USA - http://www.dtechgroup.com/
Rent a luxurious, six bedroom
luxury Vail rentals
home in Vail, Colorado USA - best of Vail rentals - http://www.vailrentals.net/
DTECH Hewlett-Packard HP PRINTER REPAIR located in Tulsa, OK USA - http://www.dtechgroup.com/
DTECH  PRINTER REPAIR located in Tulsa,
OK USA - http://www.dtechgroup.com/
DTECH LAPTOP REPAIR located in Tulsa,
OK USA - http://www.dtechgroup.com/
DTECH Hewlett-Packard HP LAPTOP REPAIR located in Tulsa, OK USA - http://www.dtechgroup.com/
DTECH COMPAQ LAPTOP REPAIR located
in Tulsa, OK USA - http://www.dtechgroup.com/
Rent a luxurious, six bedroom
luxury
Vail vacation rentals home in Vail, Colorado USA - best of Vail vacation rentals
- http://www.vailvacationrentals.net/
K&L Auto Wrecking located in Las Vegas, NV USA - http://www.las-vegas-used-auto-parts.com/
Metro  Tulsa PRINTER REPAIR located in Tulsa, OK USA -
http://www.metro-solutions.com/
HRST Health Risk Screening Tool Computer Software located in Tulsa, OK USA -http://www.hrst-psr.com/
PSR-
Physical Status Review Computer Software located in Tulsa, OK USA -http://www.hrst-psr.com/
HRST Health Risk Screening Tool Computer Software located in Tulsa, OK USA
-http://www.hrst-psr.com/
PSR- Physical Status Review Computer Software located in Tulsa, OK USA -http://www.hrst-psr.com/
DTECH HRST software in Tulsa, OK USA - http://www.dtechgroup.com/
In Tacoma
Personal Injury  attorney to help you with legal problems - John Sterbick
Metro  Tulsa PRINTER REPAIR SALES located in Tulsa, OK USA -
http://www.metro-solutions.com/
For the best in
Chinese food restaurant delivery in Tulsa
-
http://www.bestchinesedelivery.com/
Great sign shop in Tulsa for unique designs,
competitive prices, unmatched quality -
http://www.divigne-signs-printery-graphics-design-banners-lamination.com/
Great
sign shop in Tulsa for unique designs, competitive prices, unmatched quality
-
http://www.divigne-signs.com/