https://www.leaderloancenter.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Customer service is very important to us. As we continue to improve and expand our services, we recognize our customers’ need and desire to preserve their privacy and confidentiality. Safeguarding our customers’ privacy is also very important to us. We have adopted standards that help maintain and preserve the confidentiality of customers’ nonpublic personal information. The following statement affirms our continued efforts to safeguard customer information.
Information We Collect
We gather nonpublic personal information about our customers as may be necessary to conduct business with our customers. We collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources:
Information we receive from you on applications or other forms, over the telephone or in face-to-face meetings, and via the Internet. Examples of information we receive from you include your name, address, telephone number, social security number, credit history, and other financial information.
Information about your transactions with us or others. Examples of information relating to your transactions include payment histories, account balances, and account activity.
Information we receive from a consumer reporting agency. Examples of information from consumer reporting agencies include your credit score, credit reports, and other information relating to your creditworthiness.
From employers and others to verify the information you have given to us. Examples of information provided by employers and others include verifications of employment, income, or deposits.
Information We Disclose
Your personal information will only be retained for the purpose of providing you with our response to your query and will not be made available to any third party except as necessary to be disclosed to any related entity for the purpose intended or as required to be disclosed under law.
By submitting data on our website, the visitor is providing explicit consent to the transmission of data collected on the website.
We treat data as confidential within our firm and require a strict adherence of all our employees to data protection and our confidentiality policies.
All visitors, however, should be aware that our website may contain links to other sites that are not governed by this or any other privacy statement.
We reserve the right to amend (that is, add to, delete, or change) the terms of this Privacy Statement from time to time.
Phone: 781-641-8600
Email: loancenter@leaderbank.com
www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org
Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender. Lender NMLS# 449250
Privacy Policy   Licensing   Terms and Conditions
Loan Officers
Loan Programs
About Us
Resources
Mortgage Resources
Mortgage Calculators
Explore the Loan Process
Application Checklist
Today’s Rates
Property Management
Glossary of Terms
FAQs
Blog
Contact Us
Careers