http://www.technotan.com.au/privacy-policy/
You are here: Home › TechnoTan Privacy PolicyThe CompanyThis policy applies to Meridian Solutions Pty. Ltd. (ABN: )(collectively referred to as “us”, “we” or the “Company”).
Any person, firm, company, government body or other entity who accesses or uses this website is referred to as “you” or “Customer”.Privacy Principles
TheNational Privacy Principles of the Privacy Amendment (Private Sector) Act set out 10 National Privacy Principles (“NPPs”).
(The NPPs can be viewed at http://www.privacy.gov.au/publications/npps01.html.)
The Company respects an individual’s right to personal privacy and is committed to complying with the NPPs.
Collection and Use of Information
We only collect informationthat is necessary in connection with our dealings with you. Where practicable and where required by the NPPs, you will be notified of any special purpose for which the information is being collected at or before the time of collection.
We do not collect information when you visit our site unless you log in or place an order with the Company.
When you place an order with us, you will be asked to provide such information as is necessary for us to consider your order and (if accepted) transact the order with you. Without such information we would be unable to consider your order and (if accepted) transact your order.
We may share this information with third parties that are involved in transacting the order, such as the financial institution that issued your credit card, carriers to takedelivery of the goods from the Company on your behalf in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and also to collect the monies owing from you for orders placed on the Company.
We may also use the information:
a. to send you news, invitations, information about our activities and general promotional materials which we believe may be of interest or relevance to your business;
b. to maintain our relationship with you;
c. for purposes related to the Company’s research, planning, web site development, security and risk management;
d. where a third party acquires or wishes to acquire an interest in the Company or the business of the Company; or
e. to the extent we are required or authorised by law to do so.
We may also utilise “cookies” which enable us to monitor traffic patterns and to serve you more efficiently if you revisit the site.
Other than as set out in this Clause 3, we do not sell or otherwise provide your personal information to third parties, or make any other use of your personal information, for any purpose which is not incidental to your use of this website.
By you using this website you acknowledge, agree and consent to our use of your personal information in the manner set out above in this Clause 3. If you do not wish your personalinformation to be used in that manner, please contact the Company’s Privacy Officer by email at webmaster@technotan.com.au.
This website may contain links to other websites. Those links are provided for convenience only, and the Company is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those other websites. The use of such websites is at the Customer’s own risk in all things.
Security
Once any personal information comes into our possession, we will take reasonable steps to protect that information from unauthorised access, loss, misuse, modification or disclosure. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed as completely secure, so while we strive to protect such information we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk.
Access to information
If you wish to request access to any personal information which we may hold about you as a result of our information collection practices set out in Clause 3 above, please contact the Company’s Privacy Officer by email at gayle@tsco.com.au and provide us as much detail as you can about the particular information you seek in order to help us retrieve it. The Company will deal with such a request in accordance with the requirements of the NPPs. An access fee may be charged to cover our costs of providing the information to you.
Variation
This Privacy Policy may be varied by the Company from time to time by the Company amending this Privacy Policy as it appears on this website or by notice in writing to you.
By you using this website after this Privacy Policy has been varied as aforesaid, you agree that the Privacy Policy as so varied will apply to our collection and use of your personal information.
MiscellaneousHeadings used in this Privacy Policy are for convenience only and shall be ignored in construing this Privacy Policy.
”Terms and Conditions” means the terms and conditions of the Company on which goods and services are supplied by the Company as they appear on this website (or which have otherwise previously been agreed to by the Customer) as may be varied by the Company from time to time by the Company amending the Terms and Conditions as they appear on this website or by notice in writing to you.
Contact details
If you wish to comment on or query our privacy policy, or if you wish to make an inquiry regarding any personal information relating to you which may be in our possession, contact the Company’s Privacy Officer by email at webmaster@technotan.com.au or by post to:
Meridian Solutions Pty. Ltd.
1/41 Biscayne Way
, Jandakot WA
6164
AustraliaMeridian Solutions Pty Ltd t/a Technotan reserves the right to contact you with offers via email, SMS, telephone or in person unless you advise Meridian Solutions Pty Ltd t/a Technotan you wish to opt-out from such contact. You can opt out by emailing support@technotan.com.au, telephoning us at 1300 135 941 or via sms on 0477 764 985. Your information will be held as confidential and will never be provided to any third party.Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)RegisterForgot Password?CartProduct CategoriesChristmas PacksSpecialsMasksSanitiserSolutionTan CareAccessoriesEquipmentPackagesTrainingMarketingProduct EvaluationApparelMosaic MineralsTanbience Jandakot WA 6164
Tel: +618 9412 3000 Toll Free: 1300 135 941 info@technotan.com.au www.technotan.com.auINFORMATIONFAQsAboutCareersCONTACT US Contact Us Our BlogFOLLOW US
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
TERMS & CONDITIONSTerms of Use Privacy Policy Delivery & Shipping Refund Policy© 2020 TechnoTan. All Rights Reserved.
Send to Email Address
Your Name Your Email Address
Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.