http://www.fmi.org/utility-pages/terms-of-use
About Us
Join FMI
Newsroom
Latest News
News Archive
2019
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
Press Credentials
Voice of The Food Industry Blog
Store
Store
Top Sellers
How to Place an Order
View Cart
My Profile
Industry Topics
Asset Protection
Biotechnology
Biotechnology Vocabulary
Biotechnology Frequently Asked Questions
Bioengineering aka GMO
Gene Editing
CBD
Corporate Social Responsibility
Animal Welfare
The FoodKeeper
Food Waste
Sustainability
Transparency
Crisis Management
Food Assistance Programs
Feeding Assistance Toolkit
Food Prices
Fresh Foods
Seafood
FreshForward
General Merchandise and Health & Beauty Care
Health & Well-being
Nutrition
Family Meals Movement
Facts Up Front
Independent Operator
Labeling
Menu Labeling
Product Code Dating
GMO Labeling
Omnichannel
Omnishopper
Payments
Swipe Fees
Secure Payments Partnership
Pharmacy
Private Brands
SmartLabel® Implementation Recommendations
Supplier Diversity
Supply Chain
Tax Reform
Technology
TechTalk Series
Total Store Collaboration
Wage & Labor Issues
Wholesaler
Our Research
Supermarket Facts
Grocery Store Chains Net Profit
Median Total Store Size – Square Feet
Weekly Household Grocery Expenses 2020
UPC Random Weight Perishables
Research Reports
U.S. Grocery Shopper Trends
Food Retailing Industry Speaks
Grocery Revolution
Ask a Librarian
Food Industry FAQ's
Publications Abstracted
Online Library
Supermarket Anniversary Facts
Food Industry Glossary
U.S. Grocery Shopper Trends
Food Retailing Industry Speaks
Events & Education
Calendar
Conferences
Webinars
E-Learning Portal
College and University Programs
Certificates and Development
Future Leaders eXperience
Future Leaders Direct
Food Retail Learning Map Experience
Food Retail Leader Certificate
Retail Management Certificate
Food Safety
Food Safety News
Food Safety Resources
Backgrounders
Recalls
SafeMark Food Safety Training
Safe Quality Food Institute
Partnership For Food Safety Education
Coronavirus
State Issues Crisis Tracker
Worker and Customer COVID-19 Safety Resources
Government Affairs
Priority Issues
State Affairs
Issue Papers
State Associations
Government Relations Newsletters
Regulatory
FoodPAC and FMI LEAD Fund
Government Relations Staff
Voting Resources
Contact Congress
Testimony
Grocery Industry Economic Impact
FMI v. Argus Leader
Get Involved
Newsletters and Forums
Government Relations Newsletters
Committees
Directories
Awards
Store Manager Awards
Executive Leadership Awards
Share Groups
Community Outreach
Best Practices
Nominees
FMI Emerge
FMI Member Plus Program
Frequently Asked Questions
FMI Foundation
Family Meals
COVID-19 Business Solutions
Product Discovery and Operational Services
Supply Chain Operations Tools
Workforce Tools
COVID-19 Resources
Coronavirus Resources
State Issues Crisis Tracker
Worker and Customer COVID-19 Safety Resources
Pandemic Preparedness Checklist
COVID-19 Business Solutions
COVID-19 Testing FAQ
COVID-19 FAQ
COVID-19 Family Meals Tips
U.S. Grocery Shopper Trends
Logout
Login
Search the site
SEARCH
Terms of Use
Welcome to the FMI Web site, www.fmi.org. We are located at 2345 Crystal Drive, Arlington, VA 22202. The following are the terms and conditions ("Terms") that govern use of the FMI Web site ("Site"). By using the Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms and to follow these Terms and all applicable laws and regulations governing the Site. FMI reserves the right to change these Terms at any time, effective immediately upon posting on the Site.
PERMITTED USE AND COPYRIGHT POLICY
You are only authorized to view and to retain a copy of pages of this Site for your own personal use. Do not duplicate, publish, modify or otherwise distribute the material on this Site unless specifically authorized by FMI to do so. The content and software on this Site is the property of FMI and/or its suppliers and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.
All logos, Web site design, text, graphics, and the selection and arrangement thereof are the sole property of FMI and our alliance partners. Except as provided by agreement between FMI and authorized entities and individuals, the use of materials on the Web site without the prior written permission of FMI is strictly prohibited. This includes copying or adapting the HTML code used to generate Web pages on FMI.
Certain names or logos are service marks or trademarks of FMI. All other service marks and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. FMI is not responsible for other service marks, trademarks, and company names that may be the trademarks and/or service marks of their respective owners.
LINKS AND SEARCH RESULTS
The Site may automatically produce search results that reference or links to third party sites throughout the World Wide Web. FMI has no control over these Sites or the Content within them. FMI can not guarantee, represent or warrant that the Content contained in the Sites is accurate, legal and/or inoffensive. FMI does not endorse the Content of any third party Site, nor do can we warrant that they will not contain viruses or otherwise impact your computer. By using the Site to search for or link to another site, you agree and understand that you may not make any claim against FMI for any damages or losses, whatsoever, resulting from your use of the Site to obtain search results and/or to link to another site. However, if you have a problem with a link from the Site, please let us know at webmaster@fmi.org and we will investigate the link and take appropriate action.
PRIVACY
We believe your privacy and the privacy of all our users is important. Please review our privacy policy. FMI is not liable for any lost data resulting from the operation of our Site and/or the enforcement of the Terms. If you are 13 or under you should not post information about yourself on the Site, without the permission of a parent or guardian.
EXPORT CONTROLS
Software from this site is further subject to United States export controls. No software from this site may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported (i) into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Iran, Syria, or any other country to which the U.S. has embargoed goods; or (ii) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders. By downloading or using the Software, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list.
DISCLAIMER
FMI does not promise that the Site will be error-free, uninterrupted, nor that it will provide specific results from use of the Site or any Content, search or link on it. The Site and its Content are delivered on an "as-is" and "as-available" basis. FMI can not ensure that files you download from the Site will be free of viruses or contamination or destructive features. FMI disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including also any implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. FMI will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this Site, including without limitation, direct, indirect, incidental, punitive and consequential damages.
DISPUTES
If there is any dispute about or involving the Site, by using the Site, you agree that the laws or the District of Columbia without regard to its conflict of law provisions will govern the dispute. You agree to personal jurisdiction by and venue in the state and federal courts of the District of Columbia.
INDEMNITY
You agree to indemnify and hold FMI, its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents and other partners and employees, harmless from any loss, liability, claim or demand, including reasonable attorney's fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of Your use of the Site, including also your use of the Site to provide a link to another Site or to upload content or other information to the Site.
Mega Menu
Industry Topics address your specific area of expertise with resources, reports, events and more.
Our Research covers consumer behavior and retail operation benchmarks so you can make informed business decisions.
Events and Education including online and in-person help you advance your food retail career.
Food Safety training, resources and guidance that help you create a company food safety culture.
Government Affairs work — federal and state — on the latest food industry policy, regulatory and legislative issues.
Get Involved. From industry awards to newsletters and committees, these resources help you take advantage of your membership.
Best practices, guidance documents, infographics, signage and more for the food industry on the COVID-19 pandemic.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2020 FMI All rights reserved.
2345 Crystal Drive, Suite 800, Arlington, VA 22202 | phone: 202-452-8444 | fax: ;202-429-4519
Website design by Matrix Group International, Inc. ®
Sign Up for the FREE daily briefing on top stories in food retailing.Sign up
fmi-icon-certificate
fmi-icon-food-safety
fmi-icon-asset-protection
fmi-icon-education force-icon-3
fmi-icon-research
fmi-icon-government-affairs
fmi-icon-get-involved
fmi-icon-industry-topic force-icon-3
fmi-icon-labeling
fmi-icon-corporate-social-responsibility
fmi-icon-payments
fmi-icon-crisis-management
fmi-icon-private-brands
fmi-icon-food-assistance
fmi-icon-Supplier-Diversity
fmi-icon-fresh-foods
fmi-icon-supply-chain
fmi-icon-general-merchandise
fmi-icon-technology
fmi-icon-health-wellness
fmi-icon-Collaboration
fmi-icon-Health-Reform
fmi-icon-wage-labor
fmi-icon-IO-Icon
fmi-icon-wholesaler-topic
fmi-icon-newsroom force-icon-3
fmi-icon-tax-reform
fmi-icon-about_icon force-icon-4
fmi-icon-about_icon
fmi-icon-cart
fmi-icon-blog_icon force-icon-5
fmi-icon-cart
fmi-icon-Communications
fmi-icon-Communications
fmi-icon-omnichannel
fmi-icon-biotechnology-topic