https://www.capitalone.com/legal/subpoena-policy/
Capital One Home
>
Subpoena Policy for Law Enforcement
Capital One Subpoena Policy
Print
Service of Subpoenas
All Capital One entities (detailed below) require that service of process be made in full compliance with applicable law.
Capital One entities do not as a practice accept service of process by any means not specifically authorized
including email or fax. However, if service by mail of your subpoena is permitted by applicable law, please
direct your subpoena to the appropriate Capital One entity and send to the following address:
Attn: 12070-7000 (Subpoena Dept.)
15000 Capital One Drive
Richmond, VA 23238-1119
Also, if permitted by applicable law, subpoenas can be directed to the Capital One agent for service of process, CSC, in
states where Capital One is registered including Texas, Florida, and Maryland.
Subpoena Questions, Status Updates, and Other Inquiries
For additional information regarding subpoenas for documents, witnesses, or follow-up questions, please email us at
subpoena@capitalone.com. Monitored multiple times daily, this email box provides you with the most timely
and accurate response to your inquiry. We commit to a response within two business days. NOTE: please do
not contact any Capital One customer service channels as they are not prepared to handle questions regarding
subpoenas or legal inquiries.
Capital One Entities
Since Capital One does not have a designated custodian of records, a subpoena must be directed to the Capital One entity
that maintains the requested records. All subpoenas must be issued and served separately upon the correct
legal entity in full compliance with applicable law in order to permit a response. The primary Capital One
operating entities from which customer records are typically requested are:
Capital One Bank (USA), N.A. --- offers a wide variety of credit card products and a limited number
of deposit products.
Capital One, N.A. --- offers a broad spectrum of banking products and financial services to consumers,
small businesses and commercial clients, including traditional banking products through an extensive branch
network as well as a selection of online banking products through Capital One 360.
Capital One Auto Finance --- offers automobile financing and related products.
Reasonable Period of Time for a Response
All Capital One entities exercise reasonable efforts to respond in a timely manner to subpoenas that are validly issued and
served in full compliance with applicable law but such responses can take approximately 30-45 days from receipt
to complete depending on the complexity of your request. For a quicker response, please limit the scope of
your subpoena to only those records necessary for your legal matter and ensure your subpoena clearly lists
uniquely identifying information such as an account number or social security number.
Fees for Compliance
We reserve the right to charge reasonable copying costs and administrative fees prior to the production of documents in response
to any subpoena. Alternatively, we may issue an invoice to you. Except as otherwise permitted by law, Capital
One's subpoena compliance fees are as follows:
Research Costs — $22.00/hour
Per Page Copying Costs — $0.25 per page
Cost of CD (if paper is not produced) — $5.00/CD
Foreign State Subpoenas
For any subpoena issued from a state court in a state in which the Capital One entity or witness to which the subpoena is
directed does not reside, please ensure that this subpoena is issued and served in accordance with the applicable
interstate compacts of the applicable states that may permit the domestication of a foreign state subpoena.
Alternatively, Capital One will accept a signed authorization from the customer, stating what records are
to be provided. If you are in doubt as to whether your state qualifies as a foreign state, please email
subpoena@capitalone.com and we will provide you with guidance.
Levies and Garnishments
Legal requests that involve the turnover of funds such as a levy or garnishment to collect on a judgement, please fax your
request to
1-888-203-2114 and it will be processed by the Levies and Garnishments department.
Customer Privacy
We are committed to protecting the privacy of our customers. Our
Privacy Policy, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 U.S.C. § 6801 et seq.), the Right to Financial Privacy
Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. § 3401 et seq.), and other relevant state and federal privacy laws prohibit the
release of customer or account information without express permission from the customer except when required
by law or to comply with legal process that is properly served upon Capital One.