http://www.thermotron.com/privacy-policy-2/
Skip to content
Home  / 	 Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
www.thermotron.com
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their “Personally Identifiable Information” (PII) is used by Thermotron Industries. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read Thermotron’s privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how your PII is collected, used, protected, or otherwise handled.
What personal information does Thermotron Industries collect from the people that visit website?
When registering on Thermotron’s website, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, company name, or other details.
When does Thermotron Industries collect information?
Thermotron Industries collects information from you when you fill out a form or enter information into its site.
How long does Thermotron hold on to your information?
Thermotron will keep your information only for as long as is necessary.
How does Thermotron Industries use your information?
Thermotron Industries may use your PII in the following ways:
To personalize a user’s experience and to allow Thermotron to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To improve the Thermotron website in order to better serve you.
To more effectively and efficiently respond to your customer service requests.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey, or other site feature.
To send periodic emails regarding products, services, and a newsletter.
To respond to any inquiries you may have.
How does Thermotron Industries protect PII?
Your PII is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all information is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
Thermotron implements a variety of security measures when a user enters or submits their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
Does Thermotron Industries website use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. Cookies help Thermotron understand your preferences based on previous or current website activity, which enables Thermotron to provide you with improved services. Thermotron also use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. Trusted third party services maybe used to track this information on Thermotron’s behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies thru your browser settings. Each browser is different; consult your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify the cookies.
Third Party Disclosure
Thermotron Industries does not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your PII without advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. Your information may be used only when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
Third Party Links
Thermotron Industries does not include or offer third party products or services on its website.
How does Thermotron handle “do not track” signals?
When a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place, Thermotron does not track signals, plant cookies, or use advertising.
Does Thermotron’s site allow third party behavioral tracking?
No, Thermotron does not allow third party behavioral tracking.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and Fair Information Practice Principles, Thermotron will notify users of a data breach within 72 hours via email.
Thermotron collects your email address in order to:
• Send information; respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
• Market to their mailing list or continue to send emails to their customers after the original purchase has occurred.
To be in accordance with CAN-SPAM we agree to the following:
• NOT use false or misleading subject lines or email addresses
• Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way
• Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters
• Monitor third party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
• Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly
• Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email
GDPR Compliance
In some regions, such as the EEA, you may have certain rights in relation to your personal information, including the right to access, correct, update, or request deletion of your personal information. Thermotron takes reasonable steps to ensure that the data we collect is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete, and up-to-date. You can manage your marketing profile and settings by following the “Unsubscribe” or “Update Subscription Preferences” link at the bottom of any marketing email. However, if you choose, you may contact us directly about accessing, correcting, updating, or deleting your personal information; or altering your data or marketing preferences. You can do so at any time by emailing marketing@thermotron.com. We will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
You can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information, or request portability of your personal information. You also can deactivate your profile and obtain a copy of your information. These rights may be exercised by emailing marketing@thermotron.com.
If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. We may ask you to verify your identity in order to help us respond efficiently to your request.
Effective May 25, 2018
Unsubscribe from future emails
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can follow the instructions at the bottom of each email or email us at marketing@thermotron.com and ask to be unsubscribed.
Contacting Us
You may contact Thermotron regarding this Privacy Policy using the information below.
Thermotron Industries
291 Kollen Park Dr
Holland, Michigan 49423
United States
616-393-4580
www.thermotron.com
marketing@thermotron.com
Last Modified: May 23, 2018
My Page
This website uses cookies to optimize your website experience. However, you can change your browser settings at any time.
By continuing to use this website without changing your settings, you consent to the use of cookies as stated in our Privacy Statement.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.