http://www.nursingbeds.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Tel: (01752) 512222
HomeCase Studies
Residential Homes
Nursing Homes
Hospices
Homecare & Community
Hotels / Holiday Accomodation for Disabled People
24-Bed Dementia Unit Case Study
Solutions
Evolution Nursing Beds
The Evolution 100 Nursing Bed
The Evolution 200 Nursing Bed
The Evolution 300 Nursing Bed
The Evolution 400 Low Bed
Assist Rail Beds
Full Cot Side Beds
Low Beds
Residential Care Beds
Mattresses
Nursing Home Furniture
Accessories
Company
Contact Us
About BaKare
Privacy Policy
Links
Sitemap
Click Here to configure this menu.
Privacy Policy
Home / Company / Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how BaKare Beds Ltd uses and protects any information that you give when you use this website.
BaKare Beds Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
BaKare Beds Ltd may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 30/4/2018.
GDPR Compliance 2018
BaKare Beds Ltd. collects personal information when you provide your contact details, enquire about our products or ask for a quote or place an order for our products or services. The purpose for us holding this data is it allows us to form a sales ‘contract’ with you. We will use this information to provide the products/services requested and maintain accurate records.
We may from time to time send marketing e-mails and flyers/brochures to you and we do so as we believe that this is in our legitimate company interest as well as your legitimate interest. Our marketing material will be educational i.e. provide you with information about events and new & existing products/services. You can opt out of our marketing at any time. BaKare Beds Ltd. will not share your information for marketing purposes with third parties. For more information explaining how we use your information please see our privacy policy.
We use certain non-personally-identifiable information (such as anonymous usage data, cookies, IP addresses, browser type, clickstream data, and user location) to improve the quality and design of the Site and to create new features, promotions, functionality, and services by storing, tracking, and analysing user preferences and trends.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or contacting us.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please contact us.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or contact us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Search
Search for:
Popular PostsPatricks BedMarch 10, 2014Why Use Low Beds?September 6, 2011New £5 Million State Of The Art Luxury Care Centre Chooses BaKare BedsNovember 21, 2011
Contact Info
BaKare Beds Ltd Unit 1a, Bluewater Estate Plympton, Devon  				PL7 4JH (01752) 512222 ku/oc/erakab//ofni
Contact Info
BaKare Beds Ltd Unit 1a, Bluewater Estate Plympton, Devon  				PL7 4JH (01752) 512222 ku/oc/erakab//ofni
Topicsbed guards
Bournemouth International Centre (BIC)
Care Show 2012
Care Show Bournemouth
cot-sides
customer review
Dementia
disabled assessment centre
going green
hospices
Low Beds
nursing beds
Nursing Bed Side Rails
nursing beds with side rails
nursing homes
recycling
Risk Of Falls
safety sides
safe use side rails
side rails
testimonial
training electric adjustable beds
Volker 5380
Useful LinksAbout BaKare
What We Do
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
© 2018 BaKare Beds Ltd. All rights reserved.       SITEMAP
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more