https://www.acolad.com/us/website-terms-and-conditions-of-use/
Let’s talk about your project!
+1 (914) 833 3305
WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
ACOLAD (NIKITA GROUP) allows private or professional users to purchase services involving the translation, proofreading or copywriting of content by translators selected by ACOLAD (NIKITA GROUP).
Viewing, browsing and use of the website https://www.acolad.com (hereinafter the “Website”) and the services it offers are governed by these terms and conditions of use (hereinafter the “Terms and Conditions of Use”).
Use of the Website implies full and entire acceptance of these Terms and Conditions of Use. By browsing this Website, you undertake to comply with and accept the terms and conditions set out below. The applicable version of the Terms and Conditions of Use is that in force at the time of each Website browsing session. The Terms and Conditions of Use may be amended by ACOLAD (NIKITA GROUP) at any time, as shall be notified to users in advance where necessary. Users are therefore invited to consult these Terms and Conditions of Use regularly to note any changes made to them and ensure familiarity with the version in force at the time of their visit to the Website.
Access to the Website
Access to the Website is by nature open to persons who have reached the age of majority. Any use of the Website by minors shall be entirely under the responsibility of their parent or legal guardian.
ACOLAD (NIKITA GROUP) shall do its utmost to ensure our Website is accessible to users. ACOLAD (NIKITA GROUP) may need to interrupt access to the Website, at any time and without notice, without any compensation being due. The user acknowledges and accepts that ACOLAD (NIKITA GROUP) is not liable for
interruptions or the consequences which may result for the user. ACOLAD (NIKITA GROUP) is not liable in the event of interruption to the internet.
In any case, the user acknowledges that he/she is competent and has the means required to access and use the Website. In this respect, the user has a computer or any other device with an internet connection and whose configuration enables proper functioning of the Website. The user declares that he/she is aware of the risks and accepts them. In particular, the user acknowledges that information transmitted or stored on the internet may be intercepted or altered outside the control of the Website.
However the user is strongly advised to take all necessary precautions to prevent the effects of hacking, particularly by ensuring the secure and adequate configuration of their computer system, by installing virus detection software and by regularly updating that software.
Website management
To ensure proper management of the Website, ACOLAD (NIKITA GROUP) may at any time, without notice or compensation:
suspend, interrupt or restrict access to all or part of the Website;
restrict access to the Website, or to certain parts of the Website, to a specific category of users;
remove any information which could disrupt its functioning or contravene national or international laws;
suspend the Website in order to carry out updates or maintenance operations linked to technological changes or necessary for the Website’s continuity of service.
In the event of suspension of the Website and/or all or some of its services, the user shall be notified by an information screen when accessing the Website or the service(s) in question. ACOLAD (NIKITA GROUP) reserves the right, freely and at any time, to develop, improve, modify, add to or remove all or part of the Website, its contact forms, its services and/or its functionalities.
Intellectual Property
The general structure of the Website and all its contents, such as trademarks, graphical charter, photographs, texts, comments, illustrations, animated and static images, video sequences, audio, as well as all IT applications which may be used to enable the Website to function and, more generally, all elements reproduced or used on the Website, are protected by the applicable intellectual property laws and are the exclusive, full and entire property of ACOLAD (NIKITA GROUP) or its partners, or else ACOLAD (NIKITA GROUP) has been granted permission to use them.
Any reproduction, representation, exploitation, modification, distribution in full or in part, use or adaptation, in any form whatever, of all or part of these elements, including computer applications, requires prior written permission from ACOLAD (NIKITA GROUP). Only reproduction for personal and exclusively private use is permitted.
Any reproduction, representation, publication, transmission, use or modification, in full or in part, of our Website and/or any of its elements, without prior written permission from ACOLAD (NIKITA GROUP), shall constitute an infringement subject to civil and/or criminal prosecution.
The fact that ACOLAD (NIKITA GROUP) may not initiate proceedings as soon as it becomes aware of such unauthorised use should not be construed as acceptance of that use or waiver of the right to initiate proceedings.
Links to other websites
This Website may contain linked to websites belonging to third parties. ACOLAD (NIKITA GROUP) does not exercise control over those sites and consequently declines any liability regarding the availability or contents of those sites. ACOLAD (NIKITA GROUP) shall not be held liable for any damage resulting from access to those sites. Users have sole liability for their use. Any links to this Website are prohibited without the explicit prior permission of ACOLAD (NIKITA GROUP).
No guarantee
All information and documents accessible via the Website are provided “as is”. ACOLAD (NIKITA GROUP) does not give any explicit or tacit guarantee and does not accept any liability in relation to use of the Website or its contents. ACOLAD (NIKITA GROUP) is not liable for inaccuracies, errors or omissions in the Website contents.
Limits on liability
In no case may ACOLAD (NIKITA GROUP) or any company mentioned in this Website or involved in the creation, production or supply of this Website be held liable for directs or indirect damage or loss of any kind whatever, resulting from the connection, access to or use of this Website or any information obtained from this Website, particularly in the event of failure, breakdown, difficulty or interruption to the functioning or temporary or permanent inaccessibility of the Website.
Furthermore, ACOLAD (NIKITA GROUP) may not be held liable for any damage resulting from the infection of the user's hardware by a virus or other computer infections. It is up to you to take all necessary protection measures against viruses when accessing the Website or downloading documents from it.
In any case, any liability of ACOLAD (NIKITA GROUP) relating to any damage from use of this Website, whatever the legal cause, including tortious liability, is limited to damage caused intentionally or due to gross negligence. Up to the maximum limited permitted by applicable law, and except in the case o gross or intentional misconduct, ACOLAD (NIKITA GROUP) may not in any case be held liable for any indirect or intangible damage, particularly but not limited to, interruptions to service, loss of data, loss of turnover or loss of profit, resulting from the use or inability to use all or part of the Website.
ACOLAD (NIKITA GROUP) may not be held liable for the consequences of a case of force majeure or unforeseen circumstances, particularly including, but not limited to, catastrophes, fires, internal or external strikes.
Transfer
In the framework of the company's transfer to a third party, agreements between ACOLAD (NIKITA GROUP) and its users shall be automatically transferred to the transferee.
The user authorises ACOLAD (NIKITA GROUP) in advance to assign or transfer those contractual rights to any person of its choice, providing it first notifies the Client pursuant to article 1216 of the French Civil Code, it being stipulated that if the user is an individual, he/she may object to the transfer of their contract with ACOLAD (NIKITA GROUP) to the transferee if their rights are reduced.
No cooling-off period – Termination – Hardship
In accordance with these Terms and Conditions of Use, users who are individuals acknowledge that the services involve digital content, not provided as a hard copy, performance of which begins once they give their prior explicit agreement. Consequently, users explicitly acknowledge that, in accordance with article L. 221-18, 13° of the French Consumer Code, the services are not subject to a cooling-off period which it explicitly waives.
ACOLAD (NIKITA GROUP) reserves the right to close your account, subject to providing seven days’ notice, if the user fails to comply with its obligations under these Terms.
Your obligations, like those of ACOLAD (NIKITA GROUP), may be suspended in the event of force majeure in accordance with these Terms and Conditions of Use. If the event defined as force majeure lasts for more than thirty (30) days, the account shall be automatically closed without you or ACOLAD (NIKITA GROUP) being entitled to any financial compensation.
Mediation
In the event of a dispute relating to application and/or interpretation of these Terms and Conditions of Use, the user has the option of entering into contractual mediation proceedings or any other form of alternative dispute resolution.
For users who are individuals, subject to contrary provisions in the French Consumer Code or any other applicable provision, any consumer dispute or litigation may be subject to amicable settlement by mediation using the online dispute settlement platform. To submit a dispute to the consumer ombudsman, users may complete the form on the online dispute settlement platform by clicking here.
Agreement on evidence
In accordance with article 1367 of the French Civil Code, by ticking the box to confirm that users accept these Terms and Conditions of Use, users acknowledge that their agreement constitutes an electronic signature in respect of ACOLAD (NIKITA GROUP) which has the same value between the parties as a handwritten signature.
More generally, users acknowledge that any document which has been subject to this procedure constitutes literal proof in the same way as any email exchanged between ACOLAD (NIKITA GROUP) and the user (even outside such a procedure), such that any correspondence or agreement shall be legally valid in respect of the operation in question in the same way as those subject to a handwritten signature.
Unless otherwise proven, as recognised by a court, and email exchanged between the user and ACOLAD (NIKITA GROUP) is enforceable not only mutually, but also in respect of any third-party beneficiary, with the same probative value as a paper document.
Applicable law and jurisdiction
These Terms and Conditions of Use are governed by French law. Any dispute relating to this Website shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts in NANTERRE, subject to assignment of specific jurisdiction as the result of a particular legal or regulatory text.
Contact us
|For any questions, information about products presented on the Website, or concerning the Website itself, please send a message to the following address: hello(@)mailing-acolad.com.
Welcome AAC Global and Telelingua to the Acolad family! From now on, all the news and updates will be available exclusively on Acolad website.
are joining forces to become the
Acolad Group
Learn more about our rebranding
Continue to the Acolad website
Welcome AAC Global and Telelingua to the Acolad family!
Learn more
close
Created with Sketch.
Acolad Newsletter: all the latest news about international expansion
By submitting this form I agree to receive information about Acolad and international expansion. My data will not be disclosed to third parties. Acolad will only use my data to respond to me and offer me content related to my interests. For more information, see Acolad's Privacy Policy.
Let's talk about your project
We'll get back to you quickly.
Contact us