http://www.greatplacetowork.com/terms-and-conditions
Site Terms and Conditions
HELLO and WELCOME to our website. We have posted these terms and conditions to be in compliance with numerous laws that regulate the operation of an Internet website. The terms and conditions cover a variety of important issues, including the protection of copyrighted material and other intellectual property, and the presentation, collection and use of information.
These terms and conditions apply to your use of this website (the “Site”) and they also apply to:  (a) all websites owned and/or provided by Great Place to Work® Institute, Inc. (“GPTW”) including all services offered through this Site and/or any other GPTW website (the “Services”); (b) all software offerings and applications owned and/or provided by GPTW and/or available on or through this Site or any other GPTW website (the “Software”); and (c) all web pages, data, text, images, photographs, illustrations, graphics, audio, video, and documents including articles, marketing materials, press releases and other information and content available on or through this Site or any GPTW website.
GPTW's mission is to build a better society by helping companies transform their workplaces. If you are interested in helping to create great workplaces, then please spend some time on our Site. We think that if you read the materials on the Site, subscribe to the ideas presented, and are able to implement them in your workplace, that the world will become a better place. If you have any questions about the use of materials on the Site, please read on; we hope that all of your questions will be answered. If, after reading, you have additional questions, please contact us using the “CONTACT US” feature of the Site.  We hope that the material presented will inspire you to take action!
By accessing and using this Site, you acknowledge that you have read and understand these Terms & Conditions, and that you accept them and agree to be legally bound by them. You should not use this Site if you have any objections to any of these Terms & Conditions.
GPTW may revise these Terms & Conditions and the Privacy Policy over time as new features are added to the Site or as Internet law and standards evolve. We will post those changes prominently but recommend that you read these Terms & Conditions periodically when you visit the Site.
Your continued participation on this Site indicates your acceptance of this Terms & Conditions, including your acceptance of the Privacy Policy and of the collection, use, disclosure, management and storage of your Personal Information (as defined in the Privacy Policy).
If you have any objections to any of these Terms & Conditions, you should immediately discontinue use of the Site.
Other Terms
Some areas of this Site may have additional rules, guidelines, and/or other terms and conditions that apply to your access and/or use of that area of the Site and that may be revised from time to time ("Other Terms"). For example, if you transmit or post any content, including any text, graphics, software, music, sound, photographs, videos, messages, comments, feedback, data, information, or other materials (collectively, the “User Content”), please review our Online User Conduct Guidelines to learn how GPTW handles User Content. Additionally, this Site provides links to social media websites such as Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn. We recommend that you review the privacy policies and other terms and conditions of these websites before posting any User Content. And if you are a participant in a survey conducted by GPTW, please review the terms that govern the particular survey project. If there is a conflict or inconsistency between any of these Terms & Conditions and the Other Terms, the Other Terms shall take precedence.
Submissions of User Content by You
In the event that you transmit or post any User Content on or to the Site, you (1) represent and warrant to GPTW that you have obtained all necessary licenses, consents, waivers, releases, authorizations and/or permissions to post or transmit such User Content; and (2) grant to GPTW an irrevocable, worldwide, nonexclusive, perpetual, fully sub-licensable, royalty- free right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, transmit, publicly perform, and publicly display such Content (in whole or part) and/or to incorporate it (in whole or in part) in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed. You acknowledge that any User Content submitted by you may be handled by GPTW on a non-confidential basis. Please review the Online User Conduct Guidelines for more information about User Content including how GPTW handles User Content.
Use of the Site
Certain areas of the Site may be restricted to authorized users who may be required to use a password. You agree that you will not share any password(s) nor any other Site access information. You agree that you will be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password(s) and any other Site access information, and that you will be responsible for any and all activities that occur as a result of using your password(s) and/or other Site access information. You further agree that you will notify GPTW immediately in the event that you discover any unauthorized use of your password(s) or other Site access information.
You agree that you will not access or use the Site in any manner that could damage, disable, impair or cause undue burden on the Site and/or its host, servers, network, systems or other users. You agree that you will not attempt to interfere in any way with the operation of the Site (including with the delivery of any Services), that you will not transmit any virus or worm to the Site, that you will not use any spider, robot or any other automated mechanism to access the Site and/or its servers or systems, and that you will not engage in flooding, spamming, mail-bombing, crashing or otherwise sending unsolicited email to other users of the Site. You further agree that you will not attempt to access data that is not intended for your use, that you will not attempt to log on to a server or account that you are not authorized to access, and that you will not probe, scan or test the vulnerability of any system or network related in any way to the Site without authorization.
Software
You acknowledge that these Terms & Conditions govern your use of any Software (as defined above) provided by GPTW and/or made available through the Site, whether or not there are license agreements and/or end user agreements. Unless otherwise agreed in writing, you acknowledge that (1) your use of the Software shall be only for personal and/or noncommercial purposes; (2) you shall not attempt to alter or modify the Software; (3) you shall not reverse engineer, decompile, or otherwise attempt to gain access to the source code for the Software; (4) you shall not attempt to circumvent or disable the Software or its intended purpose; and (5) you shall not copy, sublicense, assign, transfer, distribute, transmit or otherwise use the Software without the express prior written consent of GPTW.
Services
GPTW may change or eliminate Services offered on or through the Site at any time. GPTW makes no representation that any Services are available for use in your location, and a reference to Services on the Site does not imply that the Services will be available to you and/or in your location.
Copyright and Permissions
Please feel free to browse the Site. In general, and unless otherwise posted, you may review and print copies of material from the Site, provided that the material (1) is used only for non-commercial purposes, and (2) retains, without alteration, all copyright, trademark, and other proprietary notices displayed on the material as posted on the Site.
You are not permitted to make or distribute copies of material on the Site for any commercial purpose without prior written permission from GPTW. None of the material obtained on the Site (including all software, HTML code, and other code) may be reverse-engineered, disassembled, decompiled, transcribed, stored in a retrieval system, translated into any language or computer language, retransmitted in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photo-reproduction, recordation, or otherwise), resold or redistributed without the prior written permission of GPTW.
Except as otherwise noted, all content of the Site is:
Copyright © GREAT PLACE TO WORK® INSTITUTE, INC.
All rights reserved.
GPTW has a policy of terminating services to users who willfully and/or repeatedly infringe.
For further information regarding permission to use material from the Site, please contact us at
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
.
Trademarks
Many of the trademarks/service marks and/or logos (the “Mark(s)”) displayed on the Site identify the services and products of GPTW and inform the public as to the source of those services and products. Your misuse of any Mark is strictly prohibited, including without limitation, your use of Marks in any of the following ways:
In a manner likely to cause confusion;
To identify your products or services;
In, as, or part of your own trademarks or service marks;
In a manner that inaccurately implies a sponsorship, endorsement, or other connection with your products, services or other activities; or
In a manner that disparages or dilutes the Marks.
You agree not to display or otherwise use the Marks without prior written permission from GPTW. Please make such requests by email to
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
.  We will evaluate your request and respond as soon as possible.
Disclaimers and Limitation of Liabilities and Warranties
The Site may contain technical inaccuracies, typographical errors, and out of date information. GPTW makes no representations as to the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the information posted, and GPTW makes no warranty that the Site will meet your requirements. GPTW reserves the right to make changes to the Site at any time. YOU UNDERSTAND, ACKNOWLEDGE, AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE, INCLUDING THE SOFTWARE AND SERVICES OFFERED ON OR THROUGH THE SITE, IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. GPTW SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST REVENUES OR LOST PROFITS, WHICH MAY RESULT FROM THE USE OF, ACCESS TO, OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, SERVICES AND/OR SITE. (BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.) GPTW MAKES NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE WITH RESPECT TO ANY SOFTWARE, MATERIALS AND/OR SERVICES AVAILABLE FROM THE SITE, ALL OF WHICH ARE BEING OFFERED “AS IS.” GPTW MAKES NO WARRANTY OF NONINFRINGEMENT. GPTW ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY AND SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES TO, OR VIRUSES THAT MAY INFECT, YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT OR OTHER PROPERTY ON ACCOUNT OF YOUR ACCESS TO, USE OF, OR BROWSING THE SITE OR YOUR DOWNLOADING OF ANY SOFTWARE OR MATERIALS FROM THE SITE.
Indemnification
You shall indemnify and hold harmless GPTW, its affiliates, officers, employees, and agents, from and against any and all liability, losses, claims, demands, disputes, damages, and costs of any kind, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of litigation resulting from or in any way connected with your use of the Site, including any Software and/or Services offered through the Site, Content that you submit through the Site, and/or your breach of any of the provisions of the Terms & Conditions and/or the Privacy Policy.
Intellectual Property Limitation of Liability
GPTW respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask visitors to our Site to do the same. If you believe your work has been used in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, the following information in the form of a written notification (pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)) must be provided to the designated Copyright Agent of GPTW:
(1) Identification of the copyrighted work(s) that you claim has been infringed;
(2) Identification of where the material that you claim to be infringing is located on the Site;
(3) A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the disputed material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law, including the law of copyright fair use;
(4)  A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are the owner of an exclusive copyright that is allegedly infringed or are authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf;
(5) Your address, telephone number, and e-mail address; and
(6) Your physical or electronic signature.
The designated agent of GPTW for notification of claims of copyright infringement on this Site can be reached as follows:
Address: Designated Agent for Intellectual Property
Timothy H. Gens, Esq.
Director of Legal Affairs
1999 Harrison Street, Suite 2070
Oakland, CA 94612
Telephone: +1 (415) 844-2649
Fax: +1 (415) 503-0014
E-mail:
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
Similarly, if you believe any of your trademarks or service marks have been infringed, or if you believe that your image has been used without your consent, please notify the designated agent of GPTW.
Dispute Resolution
Any action based on a breach of any provision of these Terms & Conditions shall be brought to the federal or local courts presiding in San Francisco, California, United States, whichever is appropriate, and to whose jurisdiction you consent in such an action. If a breach is found by the court, the court shall have the right to issue an injunction, and grant to GPTW its damages and attorneys’ fees and such other and further relief as the court may deem appropriate.
Applicable Laws and Jurisdictional Issues
The Site shall be governed by the laws of the United States, including U.S. federal copyright and trademark laws, and the laws of the State of California applicable to contracts entered into and to be wholly performed therein without regard to conflict of laws or choice of law principles. By visiting and using the Site, you consent to the jurisdiction of the courts presiding in California and you agree to accept service of process by mail. You hereby waive any and all jurisdictional and venue defenses that might otherwise be available.
Compliance with Laws
You agree that you will not use the Site or the Software or Services provided on or through the Site for any purpose that is prohibited by these Terms & Conditions or that is unlawful. Further, you agree not to access, download, use or export the Site or Software or Services provided on or through the Site, in violation of any applicable laws, rules or regulations. You agree to comply with all export laws and restrictions and regulations of any United States or foreign agency or authority, and not to directly or indirectly provide or otherwise make available the Site or Software or Services provided on or through the Site in violation of any such restrictions, laws, rules or regulations, or without all necessary approvals.
Force Majeure
Notwithstanding any other provision contained in these Terms & Conditions, in the event that the performance of any obligation of GPTW is prevented due to acts of God or any government restriction, wars, hostilities, blockades, civil disturbances, strikes, lockouts, or any other cause beyond the reasonable control of GPTW, then GPTW shall not be responsible to you for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations. GPTW shall promptly notify you of such force majeure condition. The terms of this clause shall not exempt, but merely suspend, GPTW from its duty to perform until as soon as practicable after a force majeure condition ceases to exist.
Headings
The headings of each of these Terms & Conditions are for convenience of reference only. Such headings shall be ignored in the interpretation or construction of any of these terms and conditions.
No Assignment
You may not assign your rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior express written consent of GPTW.
Invalidity of Provisions
In the event that any portion of these Terms & Conditions is held to be unenforceable, the unenforceable portion shall be construed in accordance with applicable law as nearly as possible to reflect the original intention and the remainder of the provisions shall remain in full force and effect.
No Waiver
Any failure by GPTW to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these Terms & Conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right.
Changes to the Terms & Conditions
No changes to these Terms & Conditions shall be made except by a revised posting on this Site, and no advice or other information provided by the Site or its representatives to any user in any manner which is not posted on this page will constitute any amendment of, waiver or change to these Terms & Conditions, unless such an amendment, waiver or change is in writing from an authorized officer or representative of GPTW.
Complete Understanding
These Terms & Conditions constitute the entire understanding between GPTW and you with respect to the Site.
Translations
These Terms & Conditions are posted on GPTW’s affiliate websites in numerous jurisdictions around the world and in numerous languages. If you are not fluent in the language you are reading, please visit the website of the Great Place to Work® affiliate in the country in which the language is spoken in which you are most comfortable.  For questions use the “CONTACT US” feature.
BY USING THE SITE, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ASSENT TO THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS AND ANY SUBSEQUENT MODIFICATIONS. AS A CONDITION OF YOUR USE OF THE SITE, YOU WARRANT THAT YOU WILL NOT USE THE SITE FOR ANY PURPOSE THAT IS UNLAWFUL.
If you have any questions about our Terms & Conditions, please contact us by email at
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
.
Last Modified:  September 1 2016,