http://www.interregs.com/information/privacy-cookie-policy
We use cookies to enhance site functionality and personalisation. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing
to our privacy and cookie policy.
HOME
OUR SERVICES
OUR SOLUTIONS
OUR CREDENTIALS
NEWS & ARTICLES
CONTACT US
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Background
InterRegs Ltd understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your personal data is used and shared online. We respect and value the privacy of everyone who visits this website, www.interregs.net ("Our Site") and will only collect and use personal data in ways that are described here, and in a manner that is consistent with Our obligations and your rights under the law.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of Our Privacy Policy is deemed to occur upon your first use of Our Site. If you do not accept and agree with this Privacy Policy, you must stop using Our Site immediately.
1.	Definitions and Interpretation
In this Policy the following terms shall have the following meanings:
"Account"	means an account required to access and/or use certain areas and features of Our Site;
"Cookie"	means a small text file placed on your computer or device by Our Site when you visit certain parts of Our Site and/or when you use certain features of Our Site. Details of the Cookies used by Our Site are set out in section 13, below;
"Cookie Law"	means the relevant parts of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003;
"personal data"	means any and all data that relates to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified from that data. In this case, it means personal data that you give to Us via Our Site. This definition shall, where applicable, incorporate the definitions provided in the EU Regulation 2016/679 - the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"); and
"We/Us/Our"	means InterRegs Ltd, a limited company registered in England under company number 784519, whose registered address is 21-23 East Street, Fareham, Hants PO16 0BZ.
2.	Information About Us
2.1	Our Site is owned and operated by InterRegs Ltd, a limited company registered in England under company number 784519, whose registered address is 21-23 East Street, Fareham, Hants PO16 0BZ.
2.2	Our VAT number is GB199203638.
3.	What Does This Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy applies only to your use of Our Site. Our Site may contain links to other websites. Please note that We have no control over how your data is collected, stored, or used by other websites and We advise you to check the privacy policies of any such websites before providing any data to them.
4.	Your Rights
4.1	As a data subject, you have the following rights under the GDPR, which this Policy and Our use of personal data have been designed to uphold:
4.1.1	The right to be informed about Our collection and use of personal data;
4.1.2	The right of access to the personal data We hold about you (see section 12);
4.1.3	The right to rectification if any personal data We hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete (please contact Us using the details in section 14);
4.1.4	The right to be forgotten - i.e. the right to ask Us to delete any personal data We hold about you (We only hold your personal data for a limited time, as explained in section 6 but if you would like Us to delete it sooner, please contact Us using the details in section 14);
4.1.5	The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your personal data;
4.1.6	The right to data portability (obtaining a copy of your personal data to re-use with another service or organisation);
4.1.7	The right to object to Us using your personal data for particular purposes; and
4.1.8	Rights with respect to automated decision making and profiling.
4.2	If you have any cause for complaint about Our use of your personal data, please contact Us using the details provided in section 14 and We will do Our best to solve the problem for you. If We are unable to help, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK's supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner's Office.
4.3	For further information about your rights, please contact the Information Commissioner's Office or your local Citizens Advice Bureau.
5.	What Data Do We Collect?
Depending upon your use of Our Site, We may collect some or all of the following personal data (please also see section 13 on Our use of Cookies and similar technologies):
5.1	name;
5.2	business/company name;
5.3	job title;
5.4	profession;
5.5	contact information such as email addresses and telephone numbers;
5.6	demographic information such as address, post code, time zone, preferences, and interests;
5.7	financial information such as credit card type and VAT number;
5.8	IP address;
5.9	web browser type and version;
5.10	operating system;
5.11	a list of URLs starting with a referring site, your activity on Our Site, and the site you exit to;
5.12	documents that you view or download from Our Site;
5.13	your preference settings on Our Site.
6.	How Do We Use Your Data?
6.1	All personal data is processed and stored securely, for no longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. We will comply with Our obligations and safeguard your rights under the GDPR at all times. For more details on security see section 7, below.
6.2	Our use of your personal data will always have a lawful basis, either because it is necessary for Our performance of a contract with you, because you have consented to Our use of your personal data (e.g. by subscribing to emails), or because it is in Our legitimate interests. Specifically, We may use your data for the following purposes:
6.2.1	Providing and managing your Account and access to Our Site;
6.2.2	Personalising and tailoring your experience on Our Site;
6.2.3	Supplying Our services to you (please note that We require your personal data in order to enter into a contract with you);
6.2.4	Personalising and tailoring Our services for you;
6.2.5	Replying to emails from you;
6.2.6	Supplying you with emails that you have opted into (you may unsubscribe or opt-out at any time by using the unsubscribe link in the footer of the email);
6.2.7	Market research.
6.3	With your permission and/or where permitted by law, We may also use your data for marketing purposes which may include contacting you by email, telephone and post with information, news and offers on Our services. We will not, however, send you any unsolicited marketing or spam and will take all reasonable steps to ensure that We fully protect your rights and comply with Our obligations under the GDPR and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003.
6.4	You have the right to withdraw your consent to Us using your personal data at any time, and to request that We delete it.
6.5	We do not keep your personal data for any longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. Data will therefore be retained for the following periods (or its retention will be determined on the following bases):
6.5.1	Personal data provided in connection with your order for Our services will be retained on the GDPR basis of contract for no longer than six years after the contract expires.
6.5.2	Personal data provided in connection with direct marketing or newsletter subscriptions will be retained on the GDPR basis of consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time.
7.	How and Where Do We Store Your Data?
7.1	We only keep your personal data for as long as We need to in order to use it as described above in section 6, and/or for as long as We have your permission to keep it.
7.2	Your data will only be stored in the UK; unless
7.2.1	You are based in the Americas, in which case your data will be stored in the UK and may also be stored in the US.
7.2.2	You are based in Japan, in which case your data will be stored in the UK and may also be stored in Japan.
If We do store data outside the UK, We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated as safely and securely as it would be within the UK and under the GDPR.
7.3	Data security is very important to Us, and to protect your data We have taken suitable measures to safeguard and secure data collected through Our Site.
7.4	We take steps to secure and protect your data through the implementation of a comprehensive IT security policy.
8.	Do We Share Your Data?
8.1	We may share your data with other companies in Our group for financial and accounting purposes. This includes Our holding company and its subsidiaries.
8.2	We may sometimes contract with third parties to supply services to you on Our behalf. These may include payment processing, delivery of goods, search engine facilities, advertising, and marketing. In some cases, the third parties may require access to some or all of your data. Where any of your data is required for such a purpose, We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data will be handled safely, securely, and in accordance with your rights, Our obligations, and the obligations of the third party under the law.
8.3	We may compile statistics about the use of Our Site including data on traffic, usage patterns, user numbers, sales, and other information. All such data will be anonymised and will not include any personally identifying data, or any anonymised data that can be combined with other data and used to identify you. We may from time to time share such data with third parties such as prospective investors, affiliates, partners, and advertisers. Data will only be shared and used within the bounds of the law.
8.4	In certain circumstances, We may be legally required to share certain data held by Us, which may include your personal data, for example, where We are involved in legal proceedings, where We are complying with legal requirements, a court order, or a governmental authority.
9.	What Happens If Our Business Changes Hands?
9.1	We may, from time to time, expand or reduce Our business and this may involve the sale and/or the transfer of control of all or part of Our business. Any personal data that you have provided will, where it is relevant to any part of Our business that is being transferred, be transferred along with that part and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this Privacy Policy, be permitted to use that data only for the same purposes for which it was originally collected by Us.
9.2	In the event that any of your data is to be transferred in such a manner, you will be contacted in advance and informed of the changes.
10.	How Can You Control Your Data?
10.1	In addition to your rights under the GDPR, set out in section 4, when you submit personal data via Our Site, you may be given options to restrict Our use of your data. In particular, We aim to give you strong controls on Our use of your data for direct marketing purposes (including the ability to opt-out of receiving emails from Us which you may do by unsubscribing using the links provided in Our emails and at the point of providing your details).
10.2	You may also wish to sign up to one or more of the preference services operating in the UK: The Telephone Preference Service ("the TPS"), the Corporate Telephone Preference Service ("the CTPS"), and the Mailing Preference Service ("the MPS"). These may help to prevent you receiving unsolicited marketing. Please note, however, that these services will not prevent you from receiving marketing communications that you have consented to receiving.
11.	Your Right to Withhold Information
11.1	You may access certain areas of Our Site without providing any data at all. However, to use all features and functions available on Our Site you may be required to submit or allow for the collection of certain data.
11.2	You may restrict Our use of Cookies. For more information, see section 13.
12.	How Can You Access Your Data?
You have the right to ask for a copy of any of your personal data held by Us (where such data is held). Under the GDPR, no fee is payable and We will provide any and all information in response to your request free of charge. Please contact Us using the contact details below in section 14.
13.	Our Use of Cookies
13.1	Our Site may place and access certain first party Cookies on your computer or device. First party Cookies are those placed directly by Us and are used only by Us. We use Cookies to facilitate and improve your experience of Our Site and to provide and improve Our services. We have carefully chosen these Cookies and have taken steps to ensure that your privacy and personal data is protected and respected at all times.
13.2	All Cookies used by and on Our Site are used in accordance with current Cookie Law.
13.3	Before Cookies are placed on your computer or device, you will be shown a notice informing you that We use cookies to enhance site functionality and personalisation.
13.4	If you do not agree to Our Cookie Policy, please stop using Our Site immediately.
14.	Contacting Us
If you have any questions about Our Site or this Privacy Policy, please contact Us by email at support@interregs.com, by telephone on +44 (0) 1329 820450, or by post at 21-23 East Street, Fareham, Hants PO16 0BZ. Please ensure that your query is clear, particularly if it is a request for information about the data We hold about you (as under section 12, above).
15.	Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time (for example, if the law changes). Any changes will be immediately posted on Our Site and you will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Policy on your first use of Our Site following the alterations. We recommend that you check this page regularly to keep up-to-date.
© 2020 INTERREGS LIMITEDALL RIGHTS RESERVED
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY & COOKIE POLICY
CONTACT US