http://www.shiloh.com/terms-of-use/
Toggle navigation
Company
About Us
Leadership
Environmental, Health & Safety
Locations
Contact Us
Solutions
Brands
BlankLight®
CastLight®
StampLight™
Engineering and Technology
Products
Body Structure & Interior Systems
Chassis Systems
Powertrain Systems
Process Expertise
Advanced Engineering
Media
Media Releases
In the News
Fact Sheet
Image Gallery
Suppliers
Careers
Shiloh Industries Terms of Use
THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS (THE “TERMS”) ARE A LEGAL CONTRACT BETWEEN YOU AND SHILOH INDUSTRIES, INC. (“SHILOH”, “WE” OR “US”). THE TERMS EXPLAIN HOW YOU ARE PERMITTED TO USE THE WEBSITE LOCATED AT THE URL: HTTPS://WWW.SHILOH.COM AS WELL AS ALL SHILOH WEBSITES LINKED TO WWW.SHILOH.COM BY SHILOH, ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATED COMPANIES (COLLECTIVELY, THE “SITE”). BY USING THIS SITE, YOU ARE AGREEING TO ALL OF THESE TERMS; IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THESE TERMS, DO NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THIS SITE OR ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THIS SITE.
Changes
Shiloh may make changes to the content and services offered on the Site at any time. Shiloh can change, update, or add or remove provisions of these Terms, at any time by posting the updated Terms on this Site and by displaying a notice on the main page of the Site regarding the changes. By using this Site after Shiloh has updated the Terms, you are agreeing to all the updated Terms; if you do not agree with any of the updated Terms, you must stop using the Site.
General Use
By using this Site, you represent, acknowledge and agree that you are at least 18 years of age or, if you are under 18 years of age (a “Minor”), that you are using the Site with the consent of your parent or legal guardian and that you have received your parent’s or legal guardian’s permission to use the Site and agree to its Terms. If you are a parent or legal guardian of a Minor, you hereby agree to bind the Minor to these Terms and to fully indemnify and hold harmless Shiloh if the Minor breaches any of these Terms.
Shiloh provides content through the Site that is copyrighted and/or trademarked work of Shiloh or Shiloh’s third-party licensors and suppliers or other users of the Site (collectively, the “Materials”). Materials may include logos, graphics, video, images, software and other content.
Subject to the terms and conditions of these Terms, and your compliance with these Terms, Shiloh hereby grants you a limited, personal, non-exclusive and non-transferable license to use and to display the Materials and to use this Site solely for your personal use. Except for the foregoing license, you have no other rights in the Site or any Materials and you may not modify, edit, copy, reproduce, create derivative works of, reverse engineer, alter, enhance or in any way exploit any of the Site or Materials in any manner.
If you breach any of these Terms, the above license will terminate automatically and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed Materials.
Using the Site and the Services on the Site
You need not register with Shiloh to simply visit and view the Site. However, in order to access certain password-restricted areas of the Site (such as our career portal) and to use certain services offered on and through the Site, you must register with Shiloh for an account and receive a password.
Password Restricted Areas of this Site
If you desire to register for an account you must submit the following information through the account registration page: First Name, Last Name, Email Address. We may, from time to time, give you the ability to provide additional optional information, which is not required to register for an account but may be helpful to Shiloh in providing you with a more customized experience when using the Site. Once you have submitted your account registration information, Shiloh shall have the right to approve or reject the requested registration, in Shiloh’s sole discretion. If your account is approved, you will be able to login to the Site using the password you selected during the account creation process (your “Password”).
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Password, and you are responsible for all activities that occur using your Password. You agree not to share your Password, let others access or use your Password or do anything else that might jeopardize the security of your Password. You agree to notify Shiloh if you are aware of any unauthorized use of your Password on this Site or if you know of any other breach of security in relation to this Site.
All the information that you provide when registering for an account and otherwise through the Site must be accurate, complete and up to date. You may change, correct or remove any information from your account by logging into your account directly and making the desired changes.
Privacy Policy
Please review the Shiloh Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) which explains how we use information that you submit to Shiloh.
Links to Third-Party Sites
This Site may be linked to or allow you to interact with other web sites that are not Shiloh sites (collectively, “Third-Party Sites”). In certain situations, you may be transferred to a Third-Party Site through a link but it may appear that you are still on the Site. In any case, you acknowledge and agree that the Third-Party Sites may have different terms and conditions and/or privacy policies from Shiloh, and you further acknowledge and agree that your use of such Third-Party Sites is governed by such Third-Party Sites’ respective terms and conditions and/or privacy policies. You hereby agree to comply with any and all such terms and conditions and privacy policies. Shiloh provides links to the Third-Party Sites to you as a convenience, and Shiloh does not verify, make any representations or take responsibility for such Third-Party Sites, including, without limitation, the truthfulness, accuracy, quality or completeness of the content, services, links displayed and/or any other activities conducted on or through such Third-Party Sites. YOU AGREE THAT SHILOH WILL NOT, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, FOR ANY GOODS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, RESOURCES AND/OR CONTENT AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH ANY THIRD-PARTY SITES AND/OR THIRD-PARTY DEALINGS OR COMMUNICATIONS, OR FOR ANY HARM RELATED THERETO, OR FOR ANY DAMAGES OR LOSS CAUSED OR ALLEGED TO BE CAUSED BY OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OR RELIANCE ON THE CONTENT OR BUSINESS PRACTICES OF ANY THIRD-PARTY. Any reference on the Site to any product, service, publication, institution, organization of any third-party entity or individual does not constitute or imply Shiloh’s endorsement or recommendation.
Submissions
You are responsible for the information, messages, comments and other content or material that you submit, upload, post or otherwise make available on or through the Site (each a “Submission”). You may not upload, post or otherwise make available on this Site any material protected by copyright, trademark, or any other proprietary right without the express permission of the owner of such copyright, trademark or other proprietary right owned by a third-party, and the burden of determining whether any material is protected by any such right is on you. You shall be solely liable for any damage resulting from any infringement of copyrights, trademarks, proprietary rights, violation of contract, privacy or publicity rights or any other harm resulting from any Submission that you make. You have full responsibility for each Submission you make, including its legality, reliability and appropriateness.
Unless otherwise explicitly stated herein or in Shiloh Privacy Policy, you agree that any Submission provided by you in connection with this Site is provided on a non-proprietary and non-confidential basis. You hereby grant to Shiloh a non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, fully paid-up, worldwide license (including the right to sublicense through multiple tiers) to use, reproduce, process, adapt, publicly perform, publicly display, modify, prepare derivative works, publish, transmit and distribute each of your Submissions, or any portion thereof, in any form, medium or distribution method now known or hereafter existing, known or developed, and authorize others to use the Submissions. We may modify or adapt your Submissions in order to transmit, display or distribute them over computer networks and in various media and/or make changes to the Submissions as necessary to conform and adapt them to any requirements or limitations of any networks, devices, services or media. Shiloh agrees to use any personally identifiable information contained in any of your Submissions in accordance with Shiloh’s Privacy Policy.
You agree to pay for all royalties, fees, damages and any other monies owing any person by reason of any Submissions posted by you to or through this Site.
When you provide Submissions you agree that those Submissions shall not be in violation of the “Unauthorized Activities” paragraph below. Those prohibitions do not require Shiloh to monitor, police or remove any Submissions or other information submitted by you or any other user.
Unauthorized Activities
When using this Site, you agree to abide by common standards of decency and act in accordance with the law. For example, you agree not to:
Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten, or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others.
Use racially, ethnically, or otherwise offensive language.
Discuss or incite illegal activity.
Use explicit/obscene language or solicit/post sexually explicit images (actual or simulated).
Post anything that exploits children or minors or that depicts cruelty to animals.
Post any copyrighted or trademarked materials without the express permission from the owner.
Disseminate any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, ‘junk mail’, ‘spam’, ‘chain letters’, ‘pyramid schemes’, or any other form of such solicitation.
Use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Site.
Take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure.
Alter the opinions or comments posted by others on this Site.
Post anything contrary to our public image, goodwill or reputation.
This list of prohibitions provides examples and is not complete or exclusive. Shiloh reserves the right to (a) terminate access to your account and/or your ability to post to this Site, and (b) refuse, delete or remove any Submissions; with or without cause and with or without notice, for any reason or no reason, or for any action that Shiloh determines is inappropriate or disruptive to this Site or to any other user of this Site. Shiloh may report to law enforcement authorities any actions that may be illegal, and any reports it receives of such conduct. When legally required or at Shiloh’s discretion, Shiloh will cooperate with law enforcement agencies in any investigation of alleged illegal activity on this Site or on the Internet.
Unauthorized use of any Materials contained on this Site may violate certain laws and regulations.
You agree to indemnify and hold Shiloh and its officers, directors, employees, affiliates, agents, licensors, and business partners harmless from and against any and all costs, damages, liabilities, and expenses (including attorneys’ fees and costs of defense) Shiloh or any other indemnified party suffers in relation to, arising from, or for the purpose of avoiding, any claim or demand from a third-party that your use of this Site or the use of this Site by any person using your user name and/or password (including without limitation, your participation in the posting areas or, your Submissions) violates any applicable law or regulation, or the copyrights, trademark rights or other rights of any third-party.
Proprietary Rights
Shiloh is a trademark of Shiloh Industries, Inc. in the United States. Other trademarks, names and logos on this Site are the property of their respective owners.
Unless otherwise specified in these Terms, all information and screens appearing on this Site, including documents, services, site design, text, graphics, logos, images and icons, as well as the arrangement thereof, are the sole property of Shiloh and/or its licensors. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. Except as otherwise required or limited by applicable law, any reproduction, distribution, modification, retransmission, or publication of any copyrighted material is strictly prohibited without the express written consent of the copyright owner or license.
Intellectual Property Infringement
Shiloh respects the intellectual property rights of others, and we ask you to do the same. Shiloh may, in appropriate circumstances and at our discretion, terminate service and/or access to this Site for users who infringe the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that your work is the subject of copyright infringement and/or trademark infringement and appears on our Site, please provide Shiloh’s designated agent the following information:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Identification of the copyrighted and/or trademarked work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled at the Site, and information reasonably sufficient to permit Shiloh to locate the material.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit Shiloh to contact you as the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which you may be contacted.
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright and/or trademark owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Shiloh’s agent for notice of claims of copyright or trademark infringement on this Site can be reached as follows:
Web.admin@shiloh.com
Please also note that for copyright infringements under Section 512(f) of the Copyright Act, any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity is infringing may be subject to liability.
Submitting a Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) Counter-Notification
We will notify you that we have removed or disabled access to copyright-protected material that you provided, if such removal is pursuant to a valid DMCA take-down notice that we have received. If you receive such notice from us, you may provide us with a counter-notification in writing to Shiloh designated agent that includes all of the following information:
Your physical or electronic signature;
Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled, and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;
A statement from you under the penalty of perjury, that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; and
Your name, physical address and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of a court for the judicial district in which your physical address is located, or if your physical address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which Shiloh may be located, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of allegedly infringing material or an agent of such person.
Termination of Repeat Infringers
Shiloh reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate the account or access of any user of our web site and/or service who is the subject or repeated DMCA or other infringement notifications.
Disclaimer of Warranties
Your use of this Site is at your own risk. The Materials have not been verified or authenticated in whole or in part by Shiloh, and they may include inaccuracies or typographical or other errors. Shiloh does not warrant the accuracy of timeliness of the Materials contained on this Site. Shiloh has no liability for any errors or omissions in the Materials, whether provided by Shiloh, our licensors or suppliers or other users.
SHILOH, FOR ITSELF AND ITS LICENSORS, MAKES NO EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, OR GUARANTEES IN CONNECTION WITH THIS SITE OR ANY MATERIALS RELATING TO THE QUALITY, SUITABILITY, TRUTH, ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED OR PRESENTED ON THIS SITE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE MATERIALS. UNLESS OTHERWISE EXPLICITLY STATED, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THIS SITE, THE MATERIALS AND ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED OR PRESENTED ON THIS SITE IS PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN “AS IS,” “AS AVAILABLE” AND “WHERE-IS” BASIS WITH NO WARRANTY OF IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS. SHILOH DOES NOT PROVIDE ANY WARRANTIES AGAINST VIRUSES, SPYWARE OR MALWARE THAT MAY BE INSTALLED ON YOUR COMPUTER.
Limitation of Liability
SHILOH SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES RESULTING FROM YOUR DISPLAYING, COPYING, OR DOWNLOADING ANY MATERIALS TO OR FROM THIS SITE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SHILOH BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, EXTRAORDINARY, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOSS OF DATA, REVENUE, PROFITS, USE OR OTHER ECONOMIC ADVANTAGE) HOWEVER ARISING, EVEN IF SHILOH KNOWS THERE IS A POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Local Laws; Export Control
Shiloh controls and operates this Site from its headquarters in the United States of America and the Materials may not be appropriate or available for use in other locations. If you use this Site outside the United States of America, you are responsible for following applicable local laws.
Feedback
If you send or transmit any communications, comments, questions, suggestions, or related materials to Shiloh, whether by letter, email, telephone, or otherwise (collectively, “Feedback”), suggesting or recommending changes to the Site or Materials, including, without limitation, new features or functionality relating thereto, all such Feedback is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. You hereby assign all right, title, and interest in, and Shiloh is free to use, without any attribution or compensation to you, any ideas, know-how, concepts, techniques, or other intellectual property and proprietary rights contained in the Feedback, whether or not patentable, for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to, developing, manufacturing, having manufactured, licensing, marketing, and selling, directly or indirectly, products and services using such Feedback. You understand and agree that Shiloh is not obligated to use, display, reproduce, or distribute any such ideas, know-how, concepts, or techniques contained in the Feedback, and you have no right to compel such use, display, reproduction, or distribution.
General
Shiloh prefers to advise you if we feel you are not complying with these Terms and to recommend any necessary corrective action. However, certain violations of these Terms, as determined by Shiloh, may result in immediate termination of your access to this Site without prior notice to you. Ohio state law and applicable U.S. federal law, without regard to the choice or conflicts of law provisions, will govern these Terms. Foreign laws do not apply. Any disputes relating to these Terms or this Site will be heard in the courts located the State of Ohio. If any of these Terms is found to be inconsistent with applicable law, then such term shall be interpreted to reflect the intentions of the parties, and no other terms will be modified. Shiloh’s failure to enforce any of these Terms is not a waiver of such term. These Terms are the entire agreement between you and Shiloh and supersede all prior or contemporaneous negotiations, discussions or agreements between you and Shiloh about this Site. The proprietary rights, disclaimer of warranties, representations made by you, indemnities, limitations of liability and general provisions shall survive any termination of these Terms.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms or otherwise need to contact Shiloh for any reason, you can reach us at web.admin@shiloh.com.
Latest NewsMiddleground Capital Acquires Shiloh Industries, Inc.12/01/2020Shiloh Industries Receives 2019 GM Supplier Quality Excellence Awards06/24/2020Shiloh Industries Honored in Inaugural PACEpilot Awards04/27/2020Shiloh Industries Reaches New Sustainability Milestone04/22/2020Shiloh Industries Announces Two Additional Facilities With
100% Certified Renewable Electric Energy02/18/2020
Read More
Interested in learning more about our technology and innovations?
Be the first to know. Share your email address with us, and we’ll keep you updated.
Full contact form
Send