https://www.thepacificgroup.com/terms-of-service/
NAVIGATING OUR CLIENTS TO REACH THEIR FINANCIAL GOALS
Your tell us the destination , we chart the course to get you there
TERMS OF SERVICE
Last updated: January 09, 2020
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using Our Service.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions.
The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:
Affiliate means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where “control” means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
Company (referred to as either “the Company”, “We”, “Us” or “Our” in this Agreement) refers to Pacific Advisory Capital Group, LLC, 500 S. Grand Avenue, Suite 1650, Los Angeles, CA 90071.
Country refers to: United States
Service refers to the Website.
Terms and Conditions (also referred as “Terms”) mean these Terms and Conditions that form the entire agreement between You and the Company regarding the use of the Service.
Third-party Social Media Service means any services or content (including data, information, products or services) provided by a third-party that may be displayed, included or made available by the Service.
Website refers to The Pacific Group, accessible from https://thepacificgroup.com
You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Acknowledgment
These are the Terms and Conditions governing the use of this Service and the agreement that operates between You and the Company. These Terms and Conditions set out the rights and obligations of all users regarding the use of the Service.
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on Your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service You agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. If You disagree with any part of these Terms and Conditions then You may not access the Service.
Your access to and use of the Service is also conditioned on Your acceptance of and compliance with the Privacy Policy of the Company. Our Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your personal information when You use the Application or the Website and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You. Please read Our Privacy Policy carefully before using Our Service.
You are strictly prohibited from unauthorized use of our systems or this website, including but not limited to unauthorized entry into our systems, misuse of passwords, or misuse of any information posted to this Website.
Use of this Website may be monitored, tracked and recorded. Anyone using this Website expressly consents to such monitoring, tracking and recording. You are responsible for being familiar with the current version of these Terms and Conditions posted on the Website during each session.
Copyright notices
The works of authorship contained in this Website, including but not limited to all design, text, sound recordings, and images, are owned, except as otherwise expressly stated, by Company or one of its subsidiaries. Except as otherwise expressly stated herein, they may not be copied, transmitted, displayed, performed, distributed (for compensation or otherwise), licensed, altered, framed, stored for subsequent use, or otherwise used in whole or in part in any manner without the owner’s prior written consent, except to the extent permitted by the Copyright Act of 1976 (17 U.S.C. § 107), as amended, and then, only with notices of the owner’s proprietary rights. Except for any third party exchange data, you may download information and print out a copy for your personal use, so long as you do not remove any copyright or other notice as may be contained in information, as downloaded.
Website content and materials
The information on this Website is for information purposes only. It is believed to be reliable, but we do not warrant its completeness, timeliness or accuracy. User accesses, uses, and relies upon such content at User’s own risk. Please seek the advice of professionals as necessary regarding the evaluation of any content on this Website. The information on this Website is not intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase of any stock, any other security or any financial instrument or to provide any investment service or investment advice in any jurisdiction.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend Your access immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if You breach these Terms and Conditions.
Upon termination, Your right to use the Service will cease immediately.
"AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" Disclaimer
Notwithstanding any damages that You might incur, the entire liability of the Company and any of its suppliers under any provision of this Terms and Your exclusive remedy for all of the foregoing shall be limited to the amount actually paid by You through the Service or 100 USD if You haven’t purchased anything through the Service.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall the Company or its suppliers be liable for any special, incidental, indirect, or consequential damages whatsoever (including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, loss of data or other information, for business interruption, for personal injury, loss of privacy arising out of or in any way related to the use of or inability to use the Service, third-party software and/or third-party hardware used with the Service, or otherwise in connection with any provision of this Terms), even if the Company or any supplier has been advised of the possibility of such damages and even if the remedy fails of its essential purpose.
Some states do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, which means that some of the above limitations may not apply. In these states, each party’s liability will be limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.
Governing Law
The laws of the Country, excluding its conflicts of law rules, shall govern this Terms and Your use of the Service. Your use of the Application may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international laws.
Disputes Resolution
If You have any concern or dispute about the Service, You agree to first try to resolve the dispute informally by contacting the Company.
For European Union (EU) Users
If You are a European Union consumer, you will benefit from any mandatory provisions of the law of the country in which you are resident in.
United States Legal Compliance
You represent and warrant that (i) You are not located in a country that is subject to the United States government embargo, or that has been designated by the United States government as a “terrorist supporting” country, and (ii) You are not listed on any United States government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
Severability and Waiver
Severability
If any provision of these Terms is held to be unenforceable or invalid, such provision will be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible under applicable law and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.
Waiver
Except as provided herein, the failure to exercise a right or to require performance of an obligation under this Terms shall not effect a party’s ability to exercise such right or require such performance at any time thereafter nor shall be the waiver of a breach constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach.
Translation Interpretation
These Terms and Conditions may have been translated if We have made them available to You on our Service.
You agree that the original English text shall prevail in the case of a dispute.
Changes to These Terms and Conditions
We reserve the right, at Our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material We will make reasonable efforts to provide at least 30 days’ notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at Our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use Our Service after those revisions become effective, You agree to be bound by the revised terms. If You do not agree to the new terms, in whole or in part, please stop using the website and the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms and Conditions, You can contact us:
By email: info@thepacificgroup.com
By phone number: 310.807.0140
By mail: 500 S. Grand Avenue, Suite 1650, Los Angeles, CA 90071
Terms and Conditions of https://thepacificgroup.com
Home
FAQs
Blogs
Our Firm
Contact
Menu
Home
FAQs
Blogs
Our Firm
Contact
Login
Home
FAQ
Blogs
Our Firm
Contact
Login
Menu
Home
FAQ
Blogs
Our Firm
Contact
Login
Investment advisory and asset management services are offered by investment adviser representatives (IARs) through Pacific Advisory Capital Group, LLC (PAC), a registered investment adviser. PAC IARs are also, separately and apart from PAC, registered representatives who offer insurance products through Pacific Risk Management Group, PLLC (PRMG), which conducts business as PRMG Risk Management and Insurance Solutions, PLLC in the state of California. PAC does not provide tax or legal advice. Individuals may transact business and/or respond to inquiries only in state(s) in which they are properly qualified. PAC provides services under the DBA of The Pacific Group.Please note that although Pacific Advisory Capital Group, LLC is a “registered investment adviser”, readers should be aware that registration with any securities authority does not imply a certain level of skill or trainingTerms of Service.    Privacy Policy      FINRA BrokerCheck©2020 The Pacific Group. All rights reserved.