https://www.prologicfirst.com/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy
This notice provides Prologic First India Pvt Ltd (PFIPL) policy regarding the nature, purpose, use and sharing of any information collected via this Web site. The information you provide on a PFIPL Web site will be used only for its intended purpose. Submitting information is strictly voluntary. By doing so, you are giving PFIPL your permission to use the information for the intended purpose. If you do not want to give PFIPL permission to use your information, simply do not provide it. However, not providing certain information may result in PFIPL inability to provide you with the information or services you desire.
There are several types of information we collect. These include:
Automatically Collected Information
Information Collected for Tracking and Customization (Cookies)
Personal Information
PFIPL never collects information for commercial marketing. PFIPL never creates individual profiles or gives your information to any private organization.
Automatically Collected Information
We collect and temporarily store certain technical information about your visit for use in site management and security purposes. This information includes:
Internet domain from which you access our Web site (for example, “xcompany.com” if you use a private Internet access account)
The IP address (a unique number for each computer connected to the Internet) from which you access our Web site
The type of browsers (e.g., Mozilla, Chrome, Internet Explorer) used to access our site
The operating system (Windows, Unix) used to access our site
The date and time you access our site
The URLs of the pages you visit
Your username, if it was used to log in to the Web site; and
If you visited this PFIPL Web site from another Web site, the URL of the forwarding site.
When visitors come to our site, third parties (such as AdRoll) may place cookies on your browsers for targeted advertising purposes.
This information is only used to help us make our site more useful for you. With this data we learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology our visitors use.
Information Collected for Tracking and Customization (Cookies)
A cookie is a small file that a Web site transfers to your computer to allow it to remember specific information about your session while you are connected. Your computer will only share the information in the cookie with the Web site that provided it, and no other Web site can request it. There are two types of cookies, session and persistent. Session cookies last only as long as your Web browser is open. Once you close your browser, the cookie disappears. Persistent cookies store information on your computer for longer periods of time.
PFIPL web sites may use session cookies for technical purposes such as to enable better navigation through the site, or to allow you to customize your preferences for interacting with the site. A few PFIPL Web sites may also make use of persistent cookies to remember you between visits so, for example, you can save your customized preference settings for future visits. Each PFIPL site using persistent cookies identifies itself as doing so.
At no time is your private information, whether stored in persistent cookies or elsewhere, shared with third parties who have no right to that information. If you do not wish to have session or persistent cookies stored on your machine, you can turn them off in your browser. However, this may affect the functioning of some PFIPL Web sites.
Personal Information
If you choose to provide us with personal information, through such methods as completing a form or sending us an email, we will use that information to respond to your message and to help us get you the information or services you have requested.
Some of our Web sites ask visitors who request specific information to fill out a registration form. For example, clients looking for software, services or consulting information by PFIPL, may be asked to register to obtain email notices of product and service opportunities. Other information collected at Web sites through questionnaires, feedback forms, or other means, enables us to determine visitors’ interests, with the goal of providing better service to our customers.
Web Site Security Notice
Unauthorized attempts to upload or change information on PFIPL servers are strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law, including under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act of 1996.
Accessibility Statement
Documents on PFIPL Web sites are presented in many formats. These formats are generally accessible to users using screen reading software. Some files on this Web site may be posted as Adobe Acrobat Portable Document Format (PDF) files. Adobe provides their Acrobat Reader software as a free download.
Linking Policy and Disclaimer of Endorsement
PFIPL links to many Web sites created and maintained by other public and/or private organizations. PFIPL provides links to these sites as a service to our users. The presence of a link is not an PFIPL endorsement of the site.
When users follow a link to an outside Web site, they are leaving PFIPL and are subject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the outside Web site(s). PFIPL is not responsible for the information collection practices of non-PFIPL sites.