http://www.principlepractice.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Principle Practice
About
Contact
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Youtube
LinkedIn
HomeBusiness TipsBusiness VentureBusiness GuideCorporationStartupAboutContact
Privacy Policy
Principle Practice (“Principle Practice“) operates principlepractice.co.uk and may operate other websites. It is Principle Practice’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Principle Practice collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Principle Practice’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Principle Practice’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Principle Practice may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Principle Practice also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on principlepractice.co.uk blogs/sites. Principle Practice only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Principle Practice’s websites choose to interact with Principle Practice in ways that require Principle Practice to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Principle Practice gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at principlepractice.co.uk to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Principle Practice are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Principle Practice collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Principle Practice. Principle Practice does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Principle Practice may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Principle Practice may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Principle Practice does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Principle Practice discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Principle Practice’s behalf or to provide services available at Principle Practice’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Principle Practice’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Principle Practice will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Principle Practice discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Principle Practice believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Principle Practice, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Principle Practice website and have supplied your email address, Principle Practice may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Principle Practice and our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Principle Practice takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Principle Practice uses cookies to help Principle Practice identify and track visitors, their usage of Principle Practice website, and their website access preferences. Principle Practice visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Principle Practice’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Principle Practice’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Principle Practice, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Principle Practice goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Principle Practice may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Principle Practice and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Principle Practice may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Principle Practice’s sole discretion. Principle Practice encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a principlepractice.co.uk account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Topics
Business Guide3
Business Tips5
Business Venture3
Corporation2
Startup2
Uncategorized2
Business NewsTHE BANKING-AS-A-SERVICE REPORT: The major players and best practices behind the business model that's reshaping incumbents' DNASummary List Placement This is a preview of the Business Insider Intelligence Banking-as-a-Service premium research report. Purchase this report here. Business Insider Intelligence offers even more banking coverage with our Banking Briefing. Subscribe today to receive industry-changing financial news and analysis to your inbox. Banking-as-a-Service (BaaS) — when banks or fintechs offer up their own […]Get a free $10 credit to spend during Prime Day when you shop at Whole Foods online or in-store — here's how it works Summary List Placement Right now, you can get a free $10 credit for Amazon Prime Day 2020 when you spend $10 or more at Whole Foods online or in-store. Spend money on things you already need and get free money to spend on Amazon from 12 a.m. PST on October 13, to 11:01 p.m. PST […]17-year-old climate activist Greta Thunberg endorses Joe BidenSummary List PlacementTeen climate activist Greta Thunberg endorsed Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden on Saturday, asking her Twitter followers to cast a vote for him in the upcoming November election.  "I never engage in party politics. But the upcoming US elections is above and beyond all that," Thunberg tweeted, along with an editorial from the […]The best kitchen deals you'll find on Amazon Prime Day 2020, including 9 early deals you can shop now Summary List Placement Amazon Prime Day 2020 is coming, and with it, great kitchen deals. Though you probably can't renovate your kitchen with Prime Day deals alone, you can look forward to some deep discounts on countertop kitchen appliances and supplies. Amazon has already announced upcoming discounts on Cuisinart, Instant Pot, Le Creuset, Pyrex, and […]A federal judge blocks Texas from limiting voters to one ballot drop-off site per county and forcing them to travel long distances to cast ballotsSummary List Placement A US federal judge issued an order on Friday that would prevent Texas Governor Greg Abbott from reducing the number of available mail-in ballot drop-off sites to one site per country, which Democrats contended was an act of voter suppression, according to the Austin American-Statesman. In a 46-page decision, Judge Robert Pitman […]
Most Popular
How To Look After Your Eyes At The Office
What you Need to Know About DBS Checks
Getting Your Brand Noticed
The Importance of IT Support
Most Discussed
How To Look After Your Eyes At The Office
Turn Your Passion into a Business
Add Comment
Starting a Business Venture: Assessing Your Assets
Add Comment
Things to Consider Before Starting Your Business
Add Comment
Video of the Day
Follow UsFacebookGoogle+InstagramLinkedinTwitterYouTube
Copyright © 2018. Principle Practice. All Rights Reserved.
About
Contact
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy