https://www.isa-arbor.com/privacy
International Society of Arboriculture > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 08 June 2018
Introduction
This Statement of Privacy explains how the International Society of Arboriculture (“ISA,” “we,” or “us”) collects and processes your Personal Data. Each time you use our Site, the current version of this Statement of Privacy will apply. Accordingly, whenever you use our Site, you should check the date of this Statement of Privacy, which appears at the top of the page, and review any changes since the last version posted. This statement is applicable to all Site visitors, registered users, and all other users of our Site.
Personal data is defined as any information that enables us to identify you, directly or indirectly, by reference to an identifier such as your name, CSID, Certification ID, location data, online identifier, or one or more factors specific to your physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural, or social identity.
By visiting www.isa-arbor.com or related sites, you acknowledge that you have read and understood the processes and policies referred to in this Statement of Privacy.
Who We Are
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the Data Controller is the International Society of Arboriculture located in Georgia, USA, with a registered address at 270 Peachtree Street, NW Suite 1900, Atlanta, Georgia 30303.
For questions relating to this Statement of Privacy for the purposes of GDPR, please contact ISA by email at privacy@isa-arbor.com.
How to Contact ISA
If you have any questions or concerns about this Statement of Privacy, please contact us by clicking on “Contact Us” at the bottom of this page.
Alternatively, you can contact us by phone at +1.678.367.0981, by sending an email to privacy@isa-arbor.com, or by mail to ISA, Attn: Privacy, P.O. Box 191, Annapolis Junction, MD 20701.
How ISA Collects Personal Data
How ISA uses the Personal Data you give us. ISA may collect and process the following Personal Data:
Contact Information, which you provide when corresponding with us by phone, email, or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you participate in social media functions on our Site and when you report a problem with our Site. This information you give us may include your name, address, email address, phone number, financial information, and/or credit card information.
Membership information, including your name, contact details such as address, phone number, and email address (business or personal), job title, nickname, web address, year of birth, or information provided by you during the registration process or by your employer on your behalf.
Certification information relating to certification programs in which members and non-members are granted certification if they meet specified educational/employment experience requirements and pass an exam. This may include extensive information about the experience/performance of those certified or accredited. Where the certification concerns an institution or business, this may include similar information identifying employees and other members of staff, including volunteers.
Due payment information, including financial information such as credit/debit card and account numbers used to register or renew your membership.
Purchase information relating to purchases made by members and non-members and event participation, books, reports, journals, or newsletter subscriptions either in person or via our Site. Purchase information will include financial information as well as information concerning the content and time of the purchase.
Disciplinary information relating to ethics, logo and trademark misuse, disciplinary action, and programs in which complaints against members and/or credential holders are adjudicated with the result being possible suspension/expulsion from membership or suspension/termination of their credentials. This may include extensive information about a member’s/credential holder’s business or professional activities, including employment information, and similar information relating to other individuals involved in the investigation, but would not usually include financial information.
Personal Data ISA Collects from You
With regard to each of your visits to the Site, we automatically collect the following information:
Technical information, including the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer or device to the internet, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
Information about your visit, including pages you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information, such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs, methods used to browse away from the page, and any phone number used to call our customer service number; and
Location information.
Non-Personal Data
ISA collects information that is sent to us automatically by your web browser, and we may use this information to generate aggregate statistics about visitors to our Site, including without limitation:
IP address
Browser type and plug-in details
Device type (e.g., desktop, laptop, tablet, phone, etc.)
Operating system
Local time zone
We may use Non-personal Data for various business purposes, such as providing customer service, fraud prevention, market research, and improving our Site. Please check your web browser if you want to learn what information your browser sends or how to change your settings.
How ISA Uses Your Personal Data
We will only process your Personal Data, including sharing it with third parties, where:
You have provided your consent, which can be withdrawn at any time.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party.
We are required by law.
Processing is required to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
Processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate commercial interests, except where such interests are overridden by your rights and interests.
Personal Data That You Give Us
We may use Personal Data that you provide us directly to:
Carry out our obligations arising from your membership, certification, qualification, or any other contract entered into between you and ISA and to provide you with the information, products, and services that you request from us;
Organize events that you have purchased or registered for and to provide you with information and other materials relating to the content of the event, the speakers, sponsors, and other attendees;
Provide our newsletter and other publications if you have given your consent;
Respond to your questions and provide related membership, certification, and qualification services;
Provide you with information about other events, products, and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased if you have not opted-out of receiving that information;
Provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about events, products, or services we feel may interest you if you have given your consent;
Provide you with information about volunteer opportunities you have requested;
Transfer your information as part of a merger or sale of the business;
Notify you about changes to our membership service; and
Ensure that content from our Site is presented most effectively for you and your computer.
Information we collect about you
We will use Personal Data that we have collected about your use of our Site to:
Administer our Site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical, and survey purposes;
Improve our Site to ensure that content is presented most effectively for you and your computer as part of our efforts to keep our Site safe and secure;
Measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we send to you and others and to deliver relevant advertising to you; and
Make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our Site about products or services that may interest you or them.
Personal Data We Receive from Other Sources
We will combine this information with information you give us and information we collect about you. We will use this information and the combined Personal Data for the purposes set out above, depending on the types of information we receive.
When We Share and Who Can Access Your Personal Data
We may share your Personal Data for the purposes described in this Statement of Privacy with:
A member of our group
Partners, suppliers, and subcontractors for the performance of obligations arising from your membership, certification, qualification, or any other contract we enter into with them or you to provide you with the information, products, and services that you request from us
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of our Site
Trusted third-party companies and individuals to help us provide, analyze, and improve the Site and our membership, certification and qualification services, including but not limited to data storage, maintenance services, database management, web analytics, and payment processing
The prospective seller or buyer of business or assets in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets
A third party as transferred assets in the event that a third party acquires ISA or substantially all of its assets
We will only transfer your Personal Data to trusted third parties who provide sufficient guarantees in respect to the technical and organizational security measures governing the processing to be carried out and who can demonstrate a commitment to compliance with those measures.
Selling Your Personal Data
ISA will never sell your personal data.
Security
Although ISA uses security measures to help protect your Personal Data against loss, misuse, or unauthorized disclosure, we cannot guarantee the security of information transmitted to us over the internet.
All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers.
Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology through 12 June 2018. Effective 13 June 2018, payment transactions will be encrypted using TLS version 1.2.
Transfer of Personal Data Outside the European Economic Area and International Users
ISA is headquartered in the United States. Your Personal Data may be accessed by us or transferred to us in the United States or to our affiliates, partners, merchants, or service providers who are located worldwide. If you are visiting our Site from outside the United States, be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and where our central database is operated. By using our service, you consent to any transfer of this information.
How Long ISA Stores Your Personal Data
We will store your Personal Data in a form that permits us to identify you for no longer than is necessary for the purpose for which the Personal Data is processed. We may retain and use your Personal Data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements and rights, or if it is not technically reasonably feasible to remove. Consistent with these requirements, we will try to delete your Personal Data quickly upon request.
Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active. ISA may retain data for the duration of the customer’s business relationship with ISA and for a period of time thereafter to allow customers to recover account information, if they decide to renew, to analyze data for ISA operations, and for historical archiving purposes associated with ISA. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you service, contact us at privacy@isa-arbor.com. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. We maintain one or more databases to store your Personal Data and may keep such information indefinitely.
Cookies
ISA’s cookie policy is available here.
Children's Privacy
ISA Sites are not directed to children under the age of 13. If you are not 13 years or older, do not use our Site. ISA does not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13. If we learn that Personal Data of persons less than 13 years of age has been collected through our Site, we will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are the parent or guardian and discover that your child or a minor under the age of 13 has posted, submitted, or otherwise communicated Personal Data to our Site without your consent, then you may alert us at privacy@isa-arbor.com so that we may take appropriate action to remove the minor’s Personal Data from our systems.
Links to Third Party Sites and Services
Our Sites may contain links to third-party websites, applications, and services not operated by ISA. These links are provided as a service and do not imply any endorsement by ISA of the activities or content of these sites, applications, or services nor any association with their operators. ISA is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party, including websites or services directly linked to our Service. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third-party site that you link to from our Service.
Your Rights
Correction and Removal
If any of the information that ISA has about you is incorrect, or you wish to have the information (including Personal Data) removed from our records, you may do so by visiting MyISA, or contacting us at privacy@isa-arbor.com
Opting Out
Additionally, if you prefer not to receive marketing messages from us, please let us know by clicking on the unsubscribe link within any marketing message that you receive, by visiting your MyISA, or by sending a message to us at privacy@isa-arbor.com.
Your European Rights
FOR EUROPEAN RESIDENTS ONLY. You have the right to ask us not to process your Personal Data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your Personal Data) if we intend to use your Personal Data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your Personal Data. You can also exercise the right by contacting us using the Contact US section on our Site.
In certain circumstances under European data protection law, you have the right to:
Request access to your Personal Data. You may have the right to request access to any Personal Data we hold about you as well as related information. This includes the purposes for processing the Personal Data, the recipients or categories of recipients with whom the Personal Data has been shared where possible, the period for which the Personal Data will be stored, the source of the Personal Data, and the existence of any automated decision making.
Request correction of your Personal Data. You may have the right to obtain without undue delay the rectification of any inaccurate Personal Data we may hold about you.
Request erasure of your Personal Data. You may have the right to request that Personal Data held about you is deleted.
Object to Processing of your Personal Data. You may have the right to prevent or restrict processing of your Personal Data.
Request restriction of processing your Personal Data or Request transfer of your Personal Data. You may have the right to request transfer of Personal Data directly to a third party where this is technically feasible.
Withdraw your consent.
In addition, if you believe that ISA has not complied with its obligations under this Statement of European law, you have the right to make a complaint to an EU Data Protection Authority, such as the UK Information Commissioner’s Office.
You can exercise any of these rights by contacting us by email at privacy@isa-arbor.com.
Your California Rights
FOR RESIDENTS OF CALIFORNIA ONLY. Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code requires select businesses to disclose policies relating to the sharing of certain categories of your Personal Data with third parties. If you reside in California and have provided your Personal Data to ISA, you may request information about our disclosures of certain categories of Personal Data to third parties for direct marketing purposes. Such requests must be submitted to ISA at one of the following addresses:
by email at privacy@isa-arbor.com
by mail to ISA, Attn: Privacy, P.O. Box 191, Annapolis Junction, MD 20701
Changes to This Statement of Privacy
If we make any material changes to this Statement of Privacy or the way we use, share, or collect Personal Data, we will notify you by revising the “Effective Date” at the top of this Statement of Privacy, prominently posting an announcement of the changes on our Site, or sending an email to the email address you most recently provided us (unless we do not have such an email address) prior to the new policy taking effect.
Any changes we make to this Statement in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notification sent to you by email. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to this Statement.
ISA Cookie Policy
How ISA Uses Cookies
The ISA-arbor.com website (the “Site”) uses cookies to provide you a safer, customized, and efficient experience.
When you first access the Site from certain areas, you will receive a message advising you that cookies and similar technologies are in use. By clicking “Agree and Dismiss,” closing the message, or continuing to browse the Site, you signify that you understand and agree to the use of the technologies as described in the Cookie Policy.
You do not have to accept the cookies, and consent can be withdrawn at any time. (See “How to Control Cookies” below.) You can change your browser settings to refuse or restrict these cookies, and you may delete them any time after they have been placed on your device. If you do not accept or delete the cookies, some areas of the Site that you access may take more time to work, or may not function properly.
What Are Cookies?
Cookies are small amounts of information that ISA may store on your local computer or mobile device when you visit our Site. When you visit the Site again, the cookies allow ISA to recognize your browser. Cookies may store your preferences and other information, but cannot read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites you have visited.
Cookies set by a website owner (in this case, ISA) are called “first-party cookies.” Cookies set by other parties other than the website owner are called “third-party cookies.” Third-party cookies enable ISA to provide third-party features or functionality through the Site (e.g., advertising, social media functions, and analytics).
How to Control Cookies
You can delete cookies on your computer at any time by checking the delete cookies option in your browser of choice. Please note that after you delete cookies, you may be asked to login again on many websites where you have stored a login cookie.
Please follow the links below for helpful information for the most popular browsers:
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Apple Safari
In addition, you can exercise advertising cookie choices by visiting:
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
http://youronlinechoices.com/
ISA-arbor.com Cookies
Cookies make the use of the ISA website easier by saving your preferences, among other things. We may also use cookies to deliver content tailored to your interests. ISA cookies may enable us to relate your use of the Site to personal information that you previously provided.
The information that we collect with cookies allows us to statistically analyze the usage of the Site and to improve and customize our content and other offerings. However, ISA only discloses information collected with cookies to third parties on an aggregated basis without the use of any information that personally identifies you.
We have listed specific cookies you will receive on the ISA-arbor.com Site by category to give you details about the cookies ISA is using and their role in your Site usage experience.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website.
asp.net_sessionID - Session cookie that tracks an active session. The cookie is deleted at the end of the session. There is no private information stored. It just helps the website keep track of which user you are as you move between pages. It is possible that information could be stored in this cookie, but that is not how it is used by the ISA website and CMS software.
requestverificationtoken - Anti-forgery cookie set by web applications built using ASP.NET MVC technologies. It is designed to stop unauthorized posting of content to a website, known as Cross-Site Request Forgery. It holds no information about the user and is destroyed on closing the browser.
username_changed - A DNN cookie used by the CMS to store username on login.
.dotnetnuke - The forms authentication ticket cookie is used to tell the ASP.NET application who you are. Thus, the ticket is a building block of forms authentication's security. This only applies to users who have logged in.
dnn_ismobile - A DNN cookie used by the CMS to determine if the visitor is browsing from a mobile device.
.aspxanonymous - This cookie is used by sites using the .NET technology platform from Microsoft. It enables the site to maintain an anonymous user ID to track unique users within a session without them logging in or otherwise identifying themselves.
Analytics and Performance Cookies
ISA-arbor.com uses these cookies to allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our Site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
All information these cookies collect is aggregated and, therefore, anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our Site and will not be able to monitor the Site’s performance.
Targeting or Advertising Cookies
These cookies are used to make the advertising displayed on the Site more relevant to you. A targeting cookie tracks what you click on while on our Site. These cookies may share details of what you click on with other organizations, such as advertisers. These cookies can also help ISA measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign.
Social Media Cookies
The ISA website includes buttons that allow users to easily login and share content through third-party social networking and other websites. A social media cookie is only placed when these buttons are clicked by the user.
ISA-arbor.com sometimes embeds videos from YouTube on our website. YouTube's use of cookies is governed by Google's privacy policy. Expiration dates for these cookies vary from the end of the session to 10 years.
ISA has no influence over cookies placed by social media companies and the data they collect. Users may refer to the statements of these social media companies on their own website.
Web Beacons
As well as cookies, ISA uses other technologies to recognize and track visitors to our Site. A web beacon (also known as a “tracking pixel” or “clear GIF”) is a transparent image used to monitor the behavior of a user. This beacon is delivered through a web browser or HTML email, typically in conjunction with a cookie.
For example, web beacons allow ISA to monitor how users move from one page within our websites to another, to track access to our communications, to understand if users have come to our website from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, to measure how ads have been viewed, and to improve site performance.
Questions?
Should you have any questions about how this website is using cookies that are not addressed above, please contact ISA at privacy@isa-arbor.com.