https://www.kitozyme.com/en/privacy-policy-en/
logo
PRIVACY POLICY
Processing controller
KitoZyme is responsible for the processing of personal data collected through the website.
KitoZyme SA
Rue de Milmort 680
4040 Herstal
Belgium
Tel. : +32 (0) 4 259 85 00
Data collected and processing purposes
Via cookies, the website has access to certain information, as explained below.
When you have given your consent to the use of cookies and once these cookies are installed, the website has access to data to identify the hardware, browser, operating system, browser language, the country and city, the date and time of the visit, the pages visited, the number of pages visited and to track your use of the website to gather anonymous statistical data in order to improve the website and its use.
To exercise your right to access and modify your cookies, you can contact Google Inc.
Finally, if you decide to send an e-mail to one of the contact addresses indicated on the website, KitoZyme may be required to process your information and any information you have communicated in order to respond to your request. KitoZyme will not disclose to third parties the personal data that you provide by means of electronic mail. The data will be used only for the purpose of replying to you as effectively as possible.
In accordance with the Law on the protection of privacy (Law of 8 December 1992), you have the right to access, modify, rectify and delete personal data that concerns you. To do this, simply make a request to:
On line at: it@kitozyme.com
By post at: 680, rue de Milmort – 4040 Herstal Belgium
It is KitoZyme’s intention to clarify that outside of the information that you communicate to it by e-mail, it does not have information by which it can identify you individually.
Recipients
The data is provided to KitoZyme employees and its related companies that are in charge of communications.
Data may also be transmitted to subcontractors involved in the processing described above, including Google Analytics, in order to establish aggregated anonymous statistics.
The Site is not designed to receive any confidential information which you may submit.
Consequently, and except for the personal data mentioned above, any information in whatever form – documents, data, graphics, questions, suggestions, concepts, remarks or other – which you communicate on the website will in no way be deemed confidential. Therefore, the mere transmission by you gives us the right to use, reproduce, distribute, modify or transmit this information in order to process your request.
COOKIES POLICY
WHAT IS A COOKIE?
A cookie is a small data file stored on your computer or mobile device at the request to your browser from a website when you visit this website. The cookie allows the website to “remember” your actions or preferences for a certain period of time.
Most browsers allow cookies. However, users can set their browsers to refuse or remove them, if they wish.
Some cookies are deleted when you close your browser. They are known as session cookies. Others remain on your device until they expire or until you delete them from your cache. They are called permanent cookies and enable certain information about your use to be recalled when you return to the website.
A cookie can temporarily store anonymous information about the use and users of a website.
Some cookies are required in order to use a website, others allow customization and optimization of the displayed content, the collection of user preferences or the monitoring of the website’s audience, website errors and the securing of its access.
THE USE OF COOKIES WHEN YOU VISIT OUR WEBSITE
On our website, we and our service providers use permanent cookies. When browsing our website, you accept by default that KitoZyme will install cookies on your browser.
If you do not want our website to install cookies on your browser, you can disable cookies on the cookie settings page or by modifying your browser settings. In this case, certain pages of the website may not function properly.
THE COOKIES WE USE
On this website, we use cookies to measure audience and your use of the website and to improve it.
Essential
Required for your website to work, you cannot disable essential cookies.
Performance cookies
These cookies indirectly help us to improve this website by tracking your use. This set of cookies collect information and may report website usage statistics without personally identifying individual visitors.
WHAT TO DO IF YOU DO NOT WANT TO ALLOW THE USE OF COOKIES ON YOUR BROWSER
You can block the use of cookies or remove cookies that are already installed on your browser. We draw your attention to the fact that disabling cookies may prevent you from accessing certain features on our website and other websites.
You can set your browser to accept or reject all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is issued, to check its validity, duration and content and to periodically delete cookies.
You can also type “cookies” in your browser’s help section to access the setup instructions.
For information about how to manage cookies on the browser of your mobile device, you will need to consult the device manual.
For more information about cookies, including how they are installed and how you can manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
We use cookies to give you the best online experience.
Close the panel concerning cookie usage on this website
By using our website you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. For more information, check out our privacy policy