https://www.hsi.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
We have updated these terms as of December 6, 2019
Introduction
The privacy of your personal information is important to Health and Safety Institute (HSI), also referred to in this notice as “we,” “us” or “our”), and we are committed to protecting the privacy of such personal information. In order to provide you information about the services we can provide you, however, it is necessary for us to possess certain personal information of yours, the privacy of which may be protected by the laws or regulations of various governments throughout the world.
Without some of this information, we cannot provide you with the services you may request. If you are currently receiving information from us, you may opt-out of receiving further communications at any time.
This privacy statement explains our personal information policies and practices, including, but not limited to, the types of personal information we may collect about you, the purposes for collecting such information, the circumstances under which we may disclose such information to third parties, the measures we take to secure the confidentiality of such information, and the information you will need to contact us or others to address your privacy concerns including the exercise of your rights.
What information is considered Personally Identifiable Information (PII)?
The privacy laws and regulations from various countries throughout the world define this term in different ways and even use different terms in describing personal information which should be protected and kept as private as possible. Some laws and regulations consider only very limited types of information to be protected and private. Others include much broader categories.
We have chosen to adopt the broader approach to what information must be protected and kept as private as possible. In this notice, “Personally Identifiable Information” (PII) refers to data that could be used, alone or in combination with other data, to identify you as an individual. It can include, among others, name, physical address, email address, IP address, date of birth, social security number, passwords, credit card or other financial or payment information.
How we collect, use or process your PII
Collection and uses of personal information:
By visiting, contacting, or registering with us we may collect the following personal information:
Contact data, such as your address, area (including postal or ZIP code), email address and telephone details.
Payment and billing details, if you choose to engage in service with us.
Technical data, such as your internet protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access the site.
Usage data, which includes information about how you use the site, and any communications we may receive from you.
Marketing and communications data, including your preferences in receiving marketing and other communications from us.
The purpose of processing your personal information may include: marketing and communications, delivery of service, and/or billing and payment.
Our site is not intended for storing or transmitting 'special categories' of personal data, such as details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, or health information. We do not knowingly collect information relating to actual or alleged criminal offences.
Visiting our website:
You may choose to share your PII with us to obtain information about our products or services. We might also record and maintain certain PII from you by recording network traffic, tracking cookies, or through the completion of online web forms.
Use of cookies:
Some of the PII we collect is through the use of third-party automated collection tools on our website(s), such as cookies that capture information sent from your web browser to our website. Information that is collected includes your IP address, the website address that you were at before landing at our website, and information such as the pages you clicked through while at our website. This information is collected to improve your experience and offer services to you. By visiting our website(s), you agree to our use of cookies. You can refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate browser setting. If you refuse the use of cookies, please note that your experience using the site may not be optimal.
From third parties:
From time to time we may receive your business contact information from third parties. This may happen if one of our existing suppliers or customers refers your company to us.
Sharing your PII with third parties:
We do not and sell your PII to any third parties.
We may share your PII we possess with our affiliates, business partners and third parties for the purposes of operating our business and delivering and improving the services we provide to you as well as for other legitimate purposes permitted by applicable law including sending marketing and other communications related to our business.
We also share personal information for a variety of purposes including, but not limited to, the following ways:
Within HSI and our affiliates and subsidiaries for data processing or storage purpose
With business partners and suppliers to provide services and help facilitate transactions including processing orders, marketing communications and customer support.)
In response to a request from law enforcement, government authorities, or other third parties as necessary to comply with legal process or meet national security requirements.
For any purposes other than which the PII was collected (and other than for the exceptions listed here) only after we have provided you notice and received your consent to share the information for that purpose.
Collecting personal information from minors:
We do not offer services and products to minors and do not intend to collect personal information from children under the age 16. We follow all local legal requirements with respect to the collection and processing of a minor’s personal information without the appropriate authorization from a parent or guardian.
Lawful basis of collection and use of your PII
Our collection and use of your PII is lawful.
We will only use your information where:
We have a legitimate interest (reasonable purpose) for doing so:
We will use your information for our legitimate business reasons where our doing so will not unduly affect your rights.
We will use your identity, contact and usage information to keep our records up to date, and to customize our site's content to you. If you are a current or former user of our services, we may also use your contact and identity details to keep you up to date with our latest news.
We will use your technical information to:
provide and make improvements to the site, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data, and troubleshooting;
ensure that the site is secure;
analyze how users interact with the site; and
address any issues you may experience with the site.
We may also use any or all of the information above to administer and manage HSI in general. If you feel that your interests and fundamental rights outweigh our business purposes, and that we should therefore stop processing your data, please let us know.
We need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation
HSI may access and/or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on HSI;
protect and defend the rights or property of HSI; or
act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of HSI services or members of the public.
We need it to perform a contract or provide a service that you or your organization has asked for:
For example, we may need your contact information to respond to a question you have asked us via our site, and your billing and payment information to process any payments you have requested.
Security of PII
We are committed to protecting your PII from unauthorized access and use. We implement and maintain appropriate technical, physical and administrative safeguards to help accomplish this goal. Access to your PII is restricted to only those employees who need to know that information to provide our services to you. Our employees receive training to maintain the confidentiality, privacy and security of your PII.
Data storage and retention
Your PII will be retained only for as long as the information is needed to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected and processed. We reserve the right to retain and use your PII for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations and business requirements and/or to resolve ongoing disputes and enforce our agreements.
Data Subject Rights
The General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) of the European Union (EU), along with other national privacy laws, provide certain rights regarding the PII of an individual (described in GDPR as a “data subject”). This privacy statement is intended to inform you of your rights with respect to your PII under the GDPR (which may also exist with other national privacy laws) and to provide you with the information necessary to exercise those rights.
Individuals who reside in the EU and whose personal data is collected and processed by us have the right to the following:
To request access to your PII
To rectify your PII
To take your PII to another service provider (often described as “portability”)
To erase your PII
To restrict or object to the processing of your PII
To lodge a complaint with a Member State Supervisory Authority
In addition, you have the right to withdraw consent if consent was provided to collect and process you PII. If you withdraw consent, that will not impact your PII that was processed prior to withdrawal of the consent.
International transfers of PII
We may transfer your PII in our possession to other third parties, such as our third-party service providers, in a country other than the one in which it was originally collected. When transferring your PII from one country to another country, we have implemented procedures to ensure that appropriate safeguards are in place to protect it regardless of where it is being transferred.
Changes to this privacy statement
From time to time we may update this privacy statement. If revisions are made to the privacy statement, we will update the statement with a new revision date.
Questions, concerns or complaints
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints regarding the information in this privacy statement and/or our privacy practices, please contact
Frank Powers, Chief Technology Officer
Health and Safety Institute, Inc
1450 Westec Dr, Eugene OR 97402
dataprivacy@hsi.com
(800) 447-3177
Last revised: December 6, 2019
Training & Employee Development
Safety Training
CPR, AED, and First Aid Training
Active Shooter Training
Industrial Skills Training
Manager and Employee Development
First Responder Continuing Education Training
View All Training
Compliance & Safety Software
Asset Management
Audit Management
Hazard Management
Incident Management
Safety Data Sheet (SDS) Management
Inspections and Checklists
View All Software
Need Help?
Troubleshooting Support
Company Info
About HSI
Careers
Partnerships
Contact
Apps
Stay Connected
Keep up to date with the latest news and resources from HSI.
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Instagram
YouTube
HSI
Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Support Policy
© 2020 HSI. All Rights Reserved.
Health & Safety Institute (HSI)
Close Menu
Solutions
Training & Employee Development
Safety Training
CPR, AED, and First Aid Training
Active Shooter Training
Industrial Skills Training
Manager and Employee Development
First Responder Continuing Education Training
View All Training & Development
Compliance & Safety Software
Asset Management
Audit Management
Hazard Management
Incident Management
Safety Data Sheet (SDS) Management
Inspections and Checklists
View All Software
Industries
Commonly Served Industries
Education
Retail
Mining
Oil and Gas
Power & Utilities
Municipalities
Public Safety
Food
Manufacturing
Warehousing
Construction
Transportation
Resources
News
Blog
White Papers
Case Studies
Login
Let's Talk