https://www.westform.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for https://www.westform.com
This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this Website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the Website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Links
This Website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip or postal code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 604-926-6465 or via email.
Terms & Conditions
We collect information provided by the users of this site in a database that we use to generate follow-up messages for our use only and statistical reports concerning users of this site.
We do not presently sell the information contained in the database of information collected from users to any third party and does not currently make any other use of such information.
Our goal in collecting personal information is to provide you, the user, with a customized experience. This includes personalized services, interactive communications, subscriptions, and on-line purchases.
Terms of Use
Thank you for visiting our Website. Access to and use of this Internet Website (referred to as "this site") are governed by the terms and conditions set forth below and by applicable laws, statutes, ordinances, and regulations. By browsing, visiting, or otherwise accessing or using this site, you agree to abide by the terms and conditions set forth below.
Copyright Notice
This site is protected by the copyright laws of Canada and may be protected by the copyright laws of other countries and jurisdictions. Except as specifically permitted in accordance with the terms and conditions governing the use of this site, any copy, other reproduction, display, performance, or retransmission of all or any of the contents of this site is strictly prohibited. All rights are reserved. Please see the section below entitled "Notice Concerning the Use of Documents, Images, and Information on This Site."
Trademark Notice
Westform Metals and the other trade names under which we do business are all trademarks of Westform Metals. Except as specifically permitted in accordance with the terms and conditions governing the use of this site, any use of such trademarks or trade names is strictly prohibited absent the prior written consent of Westform Metals. In addition, the names, trade-names, and trademarks of third parties, including the clients of Westform Metals, may appear on this site from time to time. All such names, trade names, and trademarks are proprietary to their respective owners and may be used only with the express written permission of their respective owners.
Use This Site at Your Own Risk
Every user who visits this site does so at his or her own risk. We make no representations or warranties of any kind as to and assumes no responsibility for (a) the accuracy or completeness of the information or materials contained in or any errors or omissions in the contents of this site (which may include factual or typographical errors and technical inaccuracies); (b) the availability for use of any copyrighted, trademarked, or otherwise proprietary materials of third parties that may appear in this site; (c) the presence or absence of computer viruses or other bugs that third parties may embed in or attach to this site without our knowledge or consent; (d) any software made available for downloading, copying, or other use through this site; or (e) the merchantability, fitness for use, title, and non-infringement of any or all of the contents of this site.
Regarding communications with us through this site, we make no representation or warranty concerning the security of any data transmitted to Westform Metals, including information relating to potential employment or applications therefore or any other matter. We shall treat any data or information transmitted to us through this site as non-confidential and non-proprietary.
Neither Westform Metals nor any other party involved in the creation, production, or delivery of this site or whose materials or information appear in this site assumes or accepts any liability, regardless of whether based on contract, negligence, intentional wrongdoing, or liability without fault, for any costs, losses or damages (whether direct, indirect, compensatory, special, lost profits, liquidated, consequential, or punitive) arising out of or in any way connected with the user's access to, browsing of, or use of this site or any of the contents of this site, without regard to the source of such contents, or with the unavailability or failure of performance of this site for any reason.
Notice Concerning the Use of Documents, Images, and Information on This Site
Documents, Images, and Information Proprietary to Westform Metals
Documents, images, and information proprietary to Westform Metals, including the contents of the descriptions of our businesses, biographical descriptions of its representatives and personnel, press releases, and other public notices, together with any associated graphic elements (collectively referred to as Westform Metals materials), may be copied, reproduced, downloaded, or otherwise used provided the following terms are adhered to strictly:
A copyright notice in the form "© 2018 Westform Metals Used with Permission. All Rights Reserved." must appear in every copy or reproduction of Westform Metals materials. Our materials may be used solely for non-commercial purposes, such as informational, entertainment, and personal use and shall not be further copied, uploaded to any network, intranet or Internet, rebroadcast or retransmitted, or otherwise disseminated in any medium without the express written permission of Westform Metals
Our materials may only be used in their entirety, without alteration, editing, condensation, or editorial comment, and any graphical elements contained in Dynamic Achievement materials may not be used separately from the other elements with which they are associated. Dynamic Achievement materials shall not be used to ridicule, disparage, harass, or annoy any client of Dynamic Achievement.
No other use of Westform Metals materials shall be permitted.
Westform Metals materials available for use as set forth above do not include the design, layout, arrangement, or distinctive elements of this site or of any other Internet Website maintained by us or its divisions, subsidiaries, or affiliated companies.
Documents, Images, Information, and Other Materials Proprietary to Others
The contents of this site may from time to time contain documents, images, information, and other materials not proprietary to Westform Metals, such as photographs; clip art; film clips; audio track or sound effect elements; or the names, trade names, trademarks, logos, or designations of third parties (including present and past clients of Westform Metals or its featured personnel). All such materials will be referred to as non-Westform Metals materials.
Non-Westform Metals materials may also include from time to time articles, data, information, images, artwork, graphics, music, audio, or other elements published in newspapers, magazines, or other media or venues and may include the name, trade name, or trademark of the medium or venue in which such materials were published.
Any use whatsoever of any non-Westform Metals materials is strictly prohibited unless the prior written permission of the appropriate third parties has been secured.
Links
For the convenience of users of this site, one or more links to other Internet Websites may appear from time to time. Except for Internet Websites maintained by divisions, subsidiaries, or affiliated companies of Westform Metals, the Internet Websites to which links are provided in this site are not under the control of Westform Metals. Westform Metals assumes no responsibility for the contents of any non-Westform Metals linked Internet Website or for any potential damage arising out of or in connection with the use of any such link.
In addition, the existence of a link between this site and any other Internet Website is not and shall not be understood to be an endorsement by Westform Metals of the owner or proprietor of the linked Internet Website or of Westform Metals by the owner or proprietor of such a linked Website.
Unsolicited Materials
Please note that it is a policy of Westform Metals not to accept or consider unsolicited creative, production-related, or other materials of any kind. We will consider any and all materials, including proposals, ideas, concepts, drafts, rough cuts, or finished work product submitted through this site not to be confidential or proprietary and to be freely available for use without compensation or payment of any kind.
Software
Any software made available for downloading, copying, or use through this site is proprietary to the individual or entity making such software available. Downloading, copying, or other use of such software is subject to the terms and conditions of the software licensing agreement relating to such software.
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment
It is our commitment to maintain the principles of integrity and trust with respect to the protection of personal information. As part of our commitment, we will protect the privacy of personal information of employees, clients, customers and other individuals whose personal information we collect, use and disclose. We are committed to complying with British Columbia's Personal Information Protection Act (the "Act") and all other applicable privacy laws.
Definitions
"Business contact information" means information that enables an individual to be contacted at work, including his/her name, title, business address, business telephone number, fax number and e-mail address.
"Employee personal information" means personal information about an employee that is collected used or disclosed solely for the purposes reasonably required to establish, manage or terminate an employment relationship, but does not include other personal information about the employee.
"Personal information" means any information that personally identifies an individual, but does not include business contact information or work product information.
"Work product information" means information prepared or collected by an individual or group of individuals as part of their employment or business responsibilities or activities related to their employment or business.
Responsibility
We are responsible for all personal information under our control, even if it is not in our possession. We have developed policies and procedures to deal with the proper collection, use and disclosure of personal information.
Purposes
We collect personal information for the following purposes:
to individualize your experience on our website
to communicate separately with you
to facilitate your movements throughout our website
to be able to selectively send you communications that may be of interest to you, either electronically or otherwise
other
Consent
We require the consent of individuals to collect, use or disclose personal information. Unless required by law or otherwise authorized by the Act, we will not use or disclose personal information already collected for other purposes unless we obtain the consent of the individual to whom it belongs. Generally, we will seek consent to use and disclose personal information at the same time as we collect the information. We will affirmatively ask to join our mailing lists using the forms provided on this website or other means expressly sanctioned by us.
Subject to contractual or legal arrangements, you may withdraw or refuse consent provided that we are given reasonable notice. We will inform you of the consequences of withdrawing your consent, if any.
Unsubscribe Policy
We strive to only send e-mails to those who want to receive it. If you would not like to receive future e-mails from us, reply to any email with UNSUBSCRIBE as the subject.
Collection
We will only collect personal information for the purposes we have identified above and that are reasonable in the circumstances. We will only collect personal information through methods that are lawful, will not collect information indiscriminately and will try to collect personal information directly from the individual concerned unless authorized by that individual to collect it from a third party or otherwise as permitted by the Act.
Depending on how you have configured your browser, when you access our website, a small file — a "cookie" — may be created by our server and stored on your computer. The cookie contains a unique session identification number and is used to:
keep track of your online order
ensure that you see the correct products and pricing applicable to the province in which you are located
personalize your experience by alerting you to features and information that might interest you
other
A cookie cannot be used to access or otherwise compromise the data on your hard drive. If you arrive at our website with your browser configured to disable cookies, you will not be identified until you register and sign-in. Please be advised that cookies may be required to complete certain functions on this website, such as making purchases or placing orders at our online store.
Aggregate Information
We collect certain aggregate information, such as tracking the Internet address of the domains from which you visit our site and analyzing this data for trends and statistics, tracking your IP address (the number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you are using the Web), and tracking your browser type.
We use this aggregate information to help diagnose problems with our servers, to administer our website, and to gather broad demographic information. None of this information is connected with your personal information. We may also generate non-identifying and aggregate profiles from personal information provided during registration (such as the total number, but not the names, of clients).
Use of IP Addresses
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you're surfing the Internet. Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address. We may collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, to report aggregated information to our advertisers, and to audit the use of our website. When clients request pages from our website, our servers log the requesting clients' IP addresses. We normally will not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, which means that clients' sessions will be logged, but client identity remains anonymous to us. We can and will use IP addresses to identify a client when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our rules or terms of service or to protect our service, website, or any person, or where it is otherwise authorized or required by law.
Use, Disclosure and Retention
We will only use or disclose personal information for the purpose(s) for which it was collected.
We may disclose the personal information to:
i. a person who in our reasonable judgment is seeking the information as an agent of the individual
ii. a company or individual engaged by us to perform functions on its behalf, such as research or data processing
iii. a credit reporting agency
iv. a public authority or agent of a public authority, if in our reasonable judgment, it appears that there is imminent danger to life or property which could be avoided or minimized by disclosure of the information
v. where you consent to such disclosure or it is required or authorized by law
We may use and disclose employee personal information for a variety of purposes related to commencing, managing or terminating the employment relationship.
We do not sell, rent, loan, trade, or lease any personal information collected at our site, including contact forms, download requests or email lists.
We will retain personal information only as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes stated above, as required for legal or business purposes or as required by law. Subsequently, we will destroy, erase, or make anonymous such information. However, we will retain for at least one-year personal information that has been used to make a decision about a client, customer or employee.
Accuracy of Personal Information
We will make reasonable efforts to ensure that personal information in our control is accurate and complete. You may request corrections to your personal information. If your request for a correction is rejected by us, we will make a notation of such request and rejection on your file or personal information.
Safeguarding Personal Information
We will protect personal information in your control against risks of loss, theft, unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, modification or destruction by security safeguards that are appropriate to the sensitivity and format of the information.
Access
Upon reasonable written notice from you, we will, within 30 days or such longer period in the event we obtain an extension, provide access to all your personal information in our possession and tell your what the information is being used for and to whom it has been disclosed.
We reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee for providing access to personal information.
If we refuse your request for access, we will notify you in writing, documenting the reasons for refusal, the relevant provision of the Act on which we rely and resources for redress available to you, including from the British Columbia Information and Privacy Commissioner.
Complaints
If you have complaints about how your personal information is being handled by us, you may file a written complaint. Such complaint must clearly state the nature of the dispute and contain all necessary contact information for you.
We will acknowledge receipt of a complaint, investigate such complaint and notify you of the outcome of the complaint, including any relevant steps taken.
If a complaint has not been resolved to your satisfaction, you may seek redress with the British Columbia Information and Privacy Commissioner.
Links to Other Sites
We are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of websites to which our website may link and our privacy policy does not apply to those websites. These other websites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information. Please keep in mind that whenever you give out personal information online (for example, via message boards or chat lines), that information can be collected and used by people you don't know. While we strive to protect our clients' personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online, you disclose such information at your own risk.
Our Commitment to Children's Privacy
Protecting children's privacy is especially important to us. It is our policy to comply with applicable laws. We recommend that children ask a parent for permission before sending personal information to us or to anyone else online.
Revisions to this Policy
To ensure that this Policy is up to date and complies with the Act, we reserve the right to make changes, which will become effective 30 days following our providing notice thereof.