https://www.zypcoatings.com/legal/
Our PoliciesYou are here: Home / Our PoliciesReturns
ZYP Coatings, Inc. does not accept returns unless a product is defective.  ZYP Coatings, Inc. will only consider a product to be “defective” if the customer provides evidence that the product fails to meet ZYP Coatings, Inc.’s normal specifications for the product.  In the event of a product defect, please contact customer service within 30 days of purchase to obtain a return authorization.
Shipping costs for returned items is at the expense of the customer. Once the merchandise is received at our location, it is subject to QA approval before any refund is issued to the customer.
A restocking fee of up to 20% will be deducted from any credit or refund amount.  Merchandise that is deemed defective will not incur a restocking fee.
Privacy Statement
While you are visiting www.zypcoatings.com, we wish for you to know that we greatly respect your privacy and recognize your need to protect your personal information. For obtaining information from our website, we request certain personal information from you — like your name, mailing address, job title, and e-mail address etc. You may choose whether or not you wish to provide us with this personal information. However, failure to provide personal information may prevent you from receiving the information.
Please do not provide ZYP Coatings, Inc. with any personal information if you are under 18 years of age.
Use of Your Information
We will only use your personal information within ZYP Coatings, Inc. Your personal information will not be shared with anyone else without your permission.
Conclusion
ZYP Coatings, Inc. is committed to privacy and may update this policy from time to time to keep it current; please check the policy periodically for changes. If you have any questions or comments about ZYP Coatings’ privacy practices, please contact ZYP Coatings via electronic mail at
Legal Notices
By placing an order using our online store, you are submitting an offer to purchase the specified goods from ZYP Coatings, Inc. (ZYP), a Tennessee corporation. Such offer is deemed to be presented to ZYP Coatings, Inc. at its office in Oak Ridge, Tennessee for review and approval. Orders are not accepted at any other location. All accepted orders are subject to Tennessee law and any legal disputes between the buyer and ZYP, regardless of whether they arise under this contract, will be handled by a court in Tennessee.
You expressly acknowledge that all products are shipped from Tennessee and, upon acceptance of your order and the required payment, ownership will be transferred to you F.O.B. Oak Ridge, TN. Accordingly, the risk of loss passes to the buyer when the goods are duly delivered to the carrier in Tennessee. Any claims for damaged good should be presented to the carrier.
Teflon® is a registered trademark of DuPont.
ZYP DOES NOT OFFER ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
All products are for industrial/commerical use only.   Users should determine suitability for their use.
In no event will ZYP be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages or losses including, but not limited to loss of profits, in any way related to our products regardless of the legal theory asserted.
ZYP CoatingsMainline BN Coatings
Mainline R&D Coatings
Mainline Industial Coatings
Other BN Coatings
Other R&D
Other Industrial
Boron Nitride (BN) Powder
Traycoats
Binders
Aluminum Oxide Coatings
Coatings by Industry
Coatings for Substrates
Coatings for Metal Melting
Compatibility Guide
Aerosols
Instructional Videos
World Leader in Boron Nitride Coatings
WelcomeWelcome
Contact Us
Direct Shipping Info
SDS Request
Distributors
About Us
Instructional Videos
Translate
ProductsMainline BN Products
Other BN Coatings
Aerosols
Glass Products
Boron Nitride (BN) Powder
Mainline Industrial
Other Industrial
Mainline R&D Coatings
Other R&D
Binders
Traycoats
Family of Boron Nitride Products
New Products
Store
InfoCoatings by Industry
Coatings for Substrates
Coatings for Metal Melting
Coatings for Brazing & Welding
Family of Boron Nitride Products
Surface Sealants
Dry Film and SPF
Paint Application
Troubleshooting
Coating Removal
Links for Supplies
FAQ
Burnishing
Combo Coatings
Compatibility Guide
Unique Main Ingredients
Miracle of BN
Quality of BN
News
ZYP Coatings, Inc. 120 Valley Court
Oak Ridge, TN 37830
Phone: 865-482-5717
Fax: 865-482-1281
Scroll to top