https://www.resourcelabel.com/privacy-policy/
Close X
Search
Close Search
close X
Sales Inquiry
+1 888 526 8177
Main
+1 800 253 9599
Gallery
Artwork specs
File upload
Sign up for our newsletter
Resource Label Group
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes the way in which Resource Label Group, LLC collects, uses, maintains and discloses information obtained from visitors to its website (the “Site”). By using this Site, you consent to the collection and use of your information as detailed in this Privacy Policy, as may be amended from time-to-time. If you do not agree with any portion of this Policy, you should not use this Site. This Policy only applies to information collected through this Site and not to information collected offline or through other websites (even if linked to by this Site).
How we use collected information
We collect and use information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service – Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To personalize user experience – We may use information in the aggregate to understand how visitors to the Site use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site – We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To administer content, promotion, survey or other Site features – We will send information requested by you or that you agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest.
To send periodic emails – An email address you provide may be used to send information and updates. It may also be used to respond to inquiries, other requests, and/or questions. If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving emails, we include instructions at the bottom of each email on how to unsubscribe.
Personal Information
We may collect personally identifiable information from you when you voluntarily provide that information through the Site. For example, when you register on the Site, place an order, fill out a form, respond to a survey, subscribe to a newsletter, and/or in connection with other activities, services, features, or resources we make available on our Site, we collect and may use that information for the uses described in this Policy, including the purpose for which you provided it. Such information may include your name, email address, mailing address, and phone number.
How we protect your information
We adopt industry-standard data collection, storage, and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your personal information, transaction information, and data stored on our Site. Despite these measures, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We cannot and do not guarantee that the information you provide to us will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates, and advertisers for certain purposes. For example, we may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes.
Non-personal Information
We may collect non-personal information about you when and how you interact with the Site. Non-personal identification information includes the browser name, technical information regarding the means of connection to our Site, and other statistical data. We receive this information through the use of data collecting technologies such as IP addresses and cookies. A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. If you choose these settings, however, some parts of the Site may not function properly.
Google Analytics
We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of this Site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this Site, what pages they visit when they do so, and information related to website activity and Internet usage. We use the information we get from Google Analytics for statistical purposes, including improvements to this Site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this Site, rather than your name or other identifying information. Google may transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
Although Google Analytics plants a cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user when you visit this Site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. For more information on Google privacy practices, visit http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html. You can opt out of the Google Analytics features by visiting any available opt out option, including this link.
Children’s Privacy
Our Site is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to or on the Site. We do not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from children under the age of 13, and no part of our Site is structured to attract anyone under the age of 13. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at marketing@resourcelabel.com so we can immediately delete any such information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We have the discretion to update this Privacy Policy at any time. We encourage you to frequently check this Policy for any changes to stay informed about how we use information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Special Notice to CA Residents
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits California residents that have provided any personal information through the Site the right to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding year. We do not disclose the personal information of customers to third parties for any third party’s direct marketing purposes. Please contact us if you are a California resident and would like to request information about how to exercise your third party disclosure choices.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, please contact us at:
Resource Label Group
147 Seaboard Lane
Franklin, TN
1-800-253-9599
Updated as of May 6, 2015.
Copy link
Powered by Social Snap