https://www.idrivesafely.com/privacy-policy/
About Us
Help Center
Trending
Redeem Code
Log In
About Us
Help Center
Log In
Tickets & Violations
Defensive Driving
Driver Improvement
Traffic School
Drivers Ed
Driving Lessons
Driver Reference Center
Trending
Home > Privacy PolicyOur Privacy Policy explains how the Company collects, uses, and discloses personal information and data we receive through your use of our website and other online services we may offer. Use of our website or other online services is subject to, and constitutes consent to, our Privacy Policy.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Much of the information we collect from users goes into state certificates, including names, birthdays, and gender. If you choose to login via Facebook, we will collect your credentials from them. If you have concerns about Facebook’s privacy policy, please visit their page.
We collect the following additional personal information you may provide to use the website and our services, such as a username and password, name, address, phone number, email address, and sometimes school (since we are often used by students). We collect payment information to process charges. We also collect content that you provide to us  and communications between us.
In order to better tailor our user experience, we may automatically collect other information including, but not limited to, the users’ location, type of mobile device, browser type, IP address, language, operating system, unique device identifier, the date and time of your visit, the pages you view, and the website that referred you to us.  The purpose of this practice is to identify which content our users find most useful and to tailor a better experience for you. When you visit our website, we or other partners we work with may use “cookies” or other similar technologies like pixels, web beacons and local storage to collect information about how you use the website and provide features to you. You may be able to set your browser or device to prompt you before you accept a cookie, accept cookies automatically or reject all cookies.
WHAT DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION FOR?
We use your information to complete state certificates and verifying compliance with state requirements. We also use the information to: provide you with our services and customer support; remember information so you will not have to re-enter it during a subsequent visit; help you efficiently access your information after you sign in; provide, improve, test, update and monitor the website and other services for a better user experience; and diagnose or fix technology problems. We will not sell or release your personal information to third parties for their own marketing purposes. But we may use your information to provide personalized content and information to you, which can include ads or other forms of marketing on behalf of third parties.
WHEN DO WE DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your information with certain third parties selected by us to help support our operations. These include, for example, service providers that help us process payments, analyze web traffic, send emails, and track customer service requests. In addition, based on your use of our website and services, our display advertising partners may present you with personalized advertising on other sites. The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address or telephone number. We may also disclose your information when we believe we have your consent to do so, such as when you contact customer service and ask us about your account, or when we have the consent of someone we believe is authorized to consent on behalf of you, such as the individual associated with the payment method for your account. We may disclose your information to our partners if you give us consent to do so, such as requesting more information on an offer or service.
We may also disclose your information when (i) we are required to do so by law, or in response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal mechanism, or (ii) it is necessary to: detect, prevent and address fraud and other illegal activity; to protect ourselves, you and others, including as part of investigations; and to prevent death or imminent bodily harm. If you voluntarily share or submit any information for posting on the website, such as a user review, it may become available to the public.
Finally, we may share all or some of your Personal Information with any of our subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control to be used in a manner consistent with this policy, and if the Company or our assets gets acquired or transferred in part or whole to another organization, your information and any other information the Company has collected may be among the items transferred.
OPTING-OUT
Should you wish to opt out of all communications from us, you may unsubscribe from our emails at any time. It may take up to ten (10) business days for us to process your opt-out request.  Please note that we may still send you important communications regarding your account, payment transactions, administrative announcements and security notices.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
We do not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register on our website or services, which are not directed at children under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at .
IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT UNDER THE AGE OF 18, DO NOT SHARE ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION ON ANY PUBLIC FORUM OR MESSAGE BOARD. If you do post any Personal Information, you can remove it by contacting us at . This removal may not be complete given the nature of the Internet.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
The California Consumer Privacy Act provides some California residents with the additional rights listed below.
Right to Know. You have the right to know and see what data we have collected about you over the past 12 months, including: (a) the categories of personal information we have collected about you; (b) the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected; (c) the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information; (d) the categories of third parties with whom we have shared your personal information; and (e) the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
Right to Delete. You have the right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you (and direct our service providers to do the same). There are a number of exceptions that include, but are not limited to, when the information is necessary for us or a third party to do any of the following: complete your transaction; provide you a good or service; comply with a legal obligation; or make other internal and lawful uses of the information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Your California Privacy Rights. To request access to or deletion of your personal information, or to exercise any other data rights under California law, please email us at  . We aim to respond to a consumer request for access or deletion within 45 days of receiving that request.
MISCELLANEOUS
We do not respond to Do Not Track signals and handle all user information consistent with our Terms and Conditions, and this Privacy Policy.
While no information is absolutely secure, we can assure you we have implemented security measures designed to keep your information safe. We will provide legally required disclosures to our users in the event of an incident affecting users’ personal information, and to the extent permitted by law, you agree to accept such notice by email. Our website and services are generally intended for United States residents. If you are not a United States resident, please be aware that you are transferring personal information to the United States where the laws governing data collection and use that may differ. By providing personal information to us, you consent to the transfer of it to the United States and the use of it in accordance with this policy.
Our website or services may contain links or associations with other websites or services that we do not own or operate (such as Facebook). We are not responsible for the practices employed by any websites or services linked to or from our website, including the information or content contained within them. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link on our website, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies, not ours. If you are using a third-party website or service to access your account or our website, you do so at your own risk.
The Terms of Use are construed under the laws of the State of Texas, without reference to its conflict of laws provisions. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to the Sites and/or Services can be filed only and exclusively in a state or federal court located in Austin, Texas, and you irrevocably and unconditionally consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of the Sites and/or Services. You knowingly, voluntarily, intelligently, and irrevocably waive any available affirmative defenses under federal law or any states’ laws to venue and jurisdiction in Austin, Texas, including without limitation improper venue, forum non conveniens, lack of in personam jurisdiction, and all related defenses. You further agree that this forum-selection clause shall apply to any and all claims under federal law or any states’ laws and that arise from or relate in any way to the Sites and/or Services, including, without limitation, contract, tort, and all other statutory or common law claims seeking equitable or legal relief, whether asserted as a cause of action, counterclaim, cross-claim, affirmative defense, or otherwise, and whether asserted on an individual basis or as putative representative of a class.
We may add new services and features to our sites. In the event that these additions affect our Privacy Policy, this Privacy Policy will be updated appropriately. We will post those changes prominently so that you will know what personal information we gather, how we might use that Personal Information, and whether we will disclose it to anyone. We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy each time you use our sites in case you missed our notice of changes to the Privacy Policy.
Products
Drivers Ed
Defensive Driving
Traffic School
Driver Improvement
Company Info
About Us
Help Center
Trending
About This Site
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Sitemap