http://www.dice.com/about/privacy-policy
Loading...
Dice Privacy Policy
LAST UPDATED: 09/22/2020
Dice.com and DHI Group, Inc. ("DHI") are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our users while providing personalized career management services on our websites. This Privacy Policy for Dice.com describes our practices on the collection, use and disclosure of your information in connection with our parent entity, DHI Group, Inc., and subsidiaries and affiliates acting on our behalf (collectively, "Dice").
Note: Any reference to "we", "us", "our website" or Dice are references to the www.dice.com site (the "Website") and all of our partner career centers. Dice provides links to the websites of many other companies to which this policy does not apply.
We at Dice are committed to good privacy practices regarding your personally identifiable information. Your loyalty as a job seeker, customer or visitor is important, and we hope that our concerns regarding your privacy, as described in this policy (the "Privacy Policy" or "Policy"), demonstrate our commitment to making your experience with Dice an enjoyable and satisfying one.
The data controller of DHI and its subsidiaries' websites is DHI located at 12150 Meredith Drive Urbandale, IA 50323. Adam Stokes is a data protection officer and can be contacted at DPO@dice.com Adam Stokes (DPO), DHI Group Inc, Telephone House, 69-77 Paul Street, Shoreditch, London, EC2A 4NQ.
This Privacy Policy governs your interaction with the Sites and your registration for and use of our online services (collectively, the "Services"). Except as set forth within this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use Agreement and other published guidelines, we do not release personal information about our users and visitors without their permission. This Privacy Policy only applies to information collected by the Sites and mobile applications that link to this privacy policy. Accordingly, we encourage you to review the entire Privacy Policy. Please click on any of the links below to review that particular section.
A. The information we gather
B. How we use the information we gather
C. How we share information we gather
D. Tracking Technologies
E. Security
F. Survey & Sweepstakes
G. Social Media Features
H. Data Subject Rights and Correction of Personal Information
I. Changes to this Privacy Policy
J. Questions?
A. The information we gather.
When visitors use the Services, we passively collect and aggregate information indicating, among other things, which pages were visited, the order in which they were visited, and which links were "clicked". Collecting such information involves the collection and logging of IP addresses, operating system, Internet Service Provider (ISP) and browser software used by each user of the Services. The information we collect helps us identify the most popular areas of the Sites and determine the effectiveness of our promotional activities. In addition, we may disclose some of this information to advertisers to inform them of the number of people who have viewed and/or clicked their advertisements.
On mobile applications, we use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Services on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregate usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from.
On mobile applications, we may send push notifications to your device. You may opt-out of these at the device level.
In certain areas of the Sites, such as those in which you complete a profile, submit your resume, create a new account, or enter Dice-sponsored contests or promotions, we may request that you provide us with certain personal information, such as your e-mail address, first and last name, postal zip code, phone number, profession, or work experience. We may, in such situations, seek to identify which informational items are required and which are optional. In some instances, we may collect geo-location based information for the purpose of helping identify jobs in your area. We may share this information for the sole purpose of providing you this feature. You may opt-out of location based services by editing the setting at the device level.
Job seekers should post profiles and resumes on our Sites only if they wish such information to be viewed by our customers. At any time, job seekers may elect that their profile and resume not be searchable by our customers by logging into their account and changing the status of their profile or, if that is not possible, they may contact us at support@dice.com and we will make the change for them.
In the past, job seekers may have elected to make their profile searchable by our customers on a confidential basis only. Dice no longer offers this feature for job seekers, but for those job seekers who had previously registered on this basis, the user's name and contact information will not be displayed to customers performing searches on the Website. If the customer desires to contact the confidential job seeker regarding an employment opportunity, they will send an email to the job seeker through our system. We will forward the email to the seeker's email address. The seeker's email address will not be provided directly to the customer. When posting a resume confidentially, it is the job seeker's responsibility to ensure that their contact information is not included within their resume attachment.
Dice Services are not available to children under 16 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16 years of age.
We have collected the following categories of personal information regarding consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)), such as name, address, telephone number, passport number, education, employment, and employment history (some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories)
Identifiers such as your real name, alias, postal address, zip code, telephone number, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers
Unique and online identifiers such as device identifiers, internet protocol addresses, cookie identifiers, beacon identifiers, pixel tags or mobile ad identifiers or similar technology, or other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers that can be used to identify a particular consumer or device
Commercial information that identifies or could reasonably be linked to you, such as products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
Internet or other electronic network activity information identifies or could reasonably be linked to you, such as browsing history, search history and information regarding an individual’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement
Professional or employment-related information, such as current or past job history or performance evaluations
Location information, such as your specific, real-time physical location or precise movements while you access our sites or apps if you have enabled location services on your device
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law, which includes age if 40 years or older, race, color, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information)
Inferences drawn from personal information, such as person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, or aptitudes.
Please note that we cannot control the acts of users of the Services. All members and visitors should be aware that, when they disclose personal information in a resume or profile or other medium, the information may be collected and used by others to send that person unsolicited email from other parties outside Dice. In the event that you encounter any Dice user who is improperly collecting or using information about you or other users, please contact privacy@dice.com.
Profile Supplementation
To provide services to our customers, DHI may collect indexed content, including information about you, from a variety of publicly available websites. Indexed content may include personal information such as posts on blogs. In general, such indexed content is available through standard search engines or by visiting the public websites themselves. We combine this data with information we already have about you. This helps us to update, expand and analyze our records, identify new customers, and provide products and services that may be of interest to you. DHI may append this information to your profile or use this content to create a profile, whether or not an individual has an account with us. If you would like to remove the information we collect, contact us at support.uk@dice.com. DHI has no ownership rights to the indexed content sourced from third party sites and cannot guarantee that we will not collect information from a publicly available source at a later point in time.
Examples of the types of personal information that may be obtained from public sources or purchased from third parties and combined with information we already have about you, may include job and industry information, such as skills, title, experience, qualifications, etc. and any other publicly available information such as social profiles.
B. How we use the information we gather.
Please take some time to familiarize yourself with the different ways we use the information we gather. Dice encourages all third parties involved, including but not limited to its advertisers, to adhere to our policies regarding the privacy of our visitors and users and to otherwise handle personal information in a responsible manner. Nevertheless, in the event you encounter any third party associated with, or who claims association with, Dice who you feel is improperly collecting or using information about you, please contact privacy@dice.com.
We’ve implemented and maintain a framework consistent with applicable law and this policy for transfers of information outside the country of collection. For example, when we transfer personal data collected in the European Union to locations outside the European Economic Area, we rely on transfer mechanisms adopted by the European Commission to help establish adequate safeguards, including Standard Contractual Clauses. We may also need to transfer your information to provide services to you in accordance with our existing agreements with you, such as the Terms of Service.
Dice relies on legitimate interest to process or use your personal data as described above. If you do not agree with this approach, you may object against Dice's processing or use of your personal data as set out below.
How we use passively collected information: We use information collected passively, as identified above, in aggregate form to build higher quality, more useful Services by performing statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our visitors and users, and by measuring demographics and interests regarding specific areas of the Services. We may provide statistical information based on this data to advertisers, users, and other current and potential business partners. We may also use the aggregate data to inform these third parties as to the number of people who have seen and clicked through links to their sites.
How we use personal information: We may use the personal information a user submits for the following purposes:
To understand a user's needs and create content that is relevant to the user;
To generate statistical studies;
To conduct market research and planning by sending user surveys;
To notify user referrals of Dice services, information, or products when a user requests that Dice send such information to referrals;
To improve services, information, and products;
To help a user complete a transaction, or provide services or customer support to users and to recipients of Dice products;
To communicate with the user and with recipients of Dice products and services;
To email users about services, information, products and offers from our business partners (and as set forth in section C, How we share information we gather);
To personalize the Sites for the user;
To notify the user of any changes with the Sites which may affect the user;
To enforce terms of use on the Sites;
To allow the user to purchase products, access services, or otherwise engage in activities the user selects;
To allow us to contact you by phone, email and/or social media. In some cases, this includes text messaging or alerts and carrier charges may apply;
To provide, support, personalize, and develop our website, applications, and product or service offerings;
To create, maintain, customize, service, and secure your account with us;
To audit our interactions with you, such as counting impressions or verifying the quality and effectiveness of content including ads;
To prevent malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and participating in any prosecution or enforcement of laws or agreements meant to prevent or punish such activity;
To maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our website, applications, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and our business, including the detection of security incidents;
To debug, identify, or repair errors or effectuate similar functional enhancements;
To develop, improve, and deliver marketing and advertising;
For internal uses such as research, analytics, development, audits, account management and security;
For legal and operational compliance purposes, such as monitoring whether our operations are effectively implementing this policy;
To engage in or enable internal uses consisted with our relationship with you, or compatible with the context in which you provided the information, such as internal research for technology development; and
For any other purpose described to you when collecting your personal information before or at the time of collection.
Blogs, Forums, and Survey Results
User names, identifications ("IDs"), and email addresses (as well as any additional information that a user may choose to post) may be publicly available on the Sites when a user voluntarily and publicly discloses personal information, such as when a user uses features to send a message to another user, or as part of a message posted to a public forum or a publicly-released software application. Users may not be able to change or remove public postings once posted. Any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from these pages, contact us at privacy@dice.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
With respect to surveys, in the event that responses are publicly disclosed, users will be notified at the time they take the survey. Circumstances under which Dice would publicly disclose information collected from surveys include, but are not limited to, sharing survey results with the Sites' users, providing data to Dice advertisers on user preferences and/or demographics, and publicizing overall usage data in press communications. Where surveys allow users to submit written comments, and where Dice advises users of the possibility of such disclosure at the time they take the survey, Dice reserves the right to disclose any information provided by users, provided that no personal information identifying a specific user is disclosed. Participation in surveys is at a user's option; Dice does not conduct mandatory surveys.
C. How we share information we gather
Service Providers and Our Customers
Subject to the foregoing, Dice uses your personal information in several ways. Dice may share your personal information with service providers to help us with our business activities such as processing credit cards, email and social network marketing, offering customer service, or operating a community forum. These service providers are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us. With respect to job applications, Dice will not disclose your profile or resume on our Sites to prospective employers without your consent or to carry out your instructions.
Third Parties and Marketing Preferences
If you "opt in" to receive promotional materials from third parties, information you have made available to us may be made available to third parties who provide goods or services that we believe may be of interest to you. You may "opt out" of receiving such materials at any time in a variety of ways: by using the "opt-out" link included in each email, by changing your subscriptions preferences on the "user settings" page in your Dice account or by contacting us at privacy@dice.com. If you have provided more than one email address to our service, you may continue to be contacted, unless you request to unsubscribe each email address you have provided. If you opted in to receive information directly from third parties, then you must contact those third parties directly to opt-out.
In order to effectively tailor our services, these Sites may share your personal information to third party consultants and business partners, including, but not limited to other lead generation companies (collectively "Third Party Contractors") to collect, compile, organize, and market to you related services. When you submit any personal information on this Site, we will obtain your consent authorizing the Sites to share with Third Party Contractors any and all personal information that is necessary to enable additional service offerings. If you do not want us to share your personal information with these companies, contact us at privacy@dice.com.
Advertising Choices
We partner with a third party to display advertising on our website. Our third-party partner may use cookies or similar technologies in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you would prefer to not receive personalized ads based on your browser or device usage, you may generally express your opt-out preference to no longer receive tailored advertisements. Please note that you will continue to see advertisements, but they will no longer be tailored to your interests.
To opt-out of interest-based advertising by participating companies in the following consumer choice mechanisms, please visit:
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)'s self-regulatory opt-out page (optout.aboutads.info)
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)'s consumer opt-out page (youronlinechoices.eu)
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)'s self-regulatory opt-out page (optout.networkadvertising.org).
Other Purposes
Please note that Dice reserves the right to disclose information submitted by or concerning any visitor or user as we reasonably feel is necessary to protect our systems or business. We may also disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process, when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request; for example in response to a court order or a subpoena, or in response to a law enforcement or government agency's request. We also may disclose such information to third parties: (i) in connection with prevention of fraud, deception, or other malicious activities, (ii) where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, (iii) in situations that may involve violations of our terms of use or other rules, (iv) to protect our rights and the rights and safety of others, and (v) as otherwise required by law. We cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who may be using our servers or Services for illegal activities. We also reserve the right to report any suspected illegal activity to law enforcement for investigation or prosecution, or to suspend or terminate your use of the Services in connection with any suspected illegal or infringing activity or if you are in violation of our Terms of Use Agreement or other published guidelines.
If Dice is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on the Site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information. Dice reserves the right to assign, sell, license, or otherwise transfer to a third party your personal information in connection with an assignment, sale, joint venture, or other transfer or disposition of any portion or all of Dice's or its affiliated entities' assets or stock.
We may disclose personal information to third parties to whom you or your authorized representatives direct us to disclose your personal information.  We may disclose personal information to other parties identified by you when collecting your personal information before or at the time of collection, or to which you separately consented.
Framing and Co-Branding
The Sites may utilize framing and masking techniques to make it appear that the user is still on the Site when the user is actually on a third-party website. We also have co-branding relationships with certain partners. In these relationships, you will notice our service platform on our partner's page. In this situation, both parties are collecting your data and both privacy policies govern the data collected. We will not share your data with third parties without your consent in these and other relationships. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Sites and to read the privacy policies of each and every website that collects personal information.
Categories of Disclosure
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information, described above, to the categories of third parties listed here:
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)), such as name, address, telephone number, passport number, education, employment, and employment history (some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories)
Identifiers such as your real name, alias, postal address, zip code, telephone number, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers
Unique and online identifiers such as device identifiers, internet protocol addresses, cookie identifiers, beacon identifiers, pixel tags or mobile ad identifiers or similar technology, or other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers that can be used to identify a particular consumer or device
Commercial information that identifies or could reasonably be linked to you, such as products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
Internet or other electronic network activity information identifies or could reasonably be linked to you, such as browsing history, search history and information regarding an individual’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement
Professional or employment-related information, such as current or past job history or performance evaluations
Location information, such as your specific, real-time physical location or precise movements while you access our sites or apps if you have enabled location services on your device
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law, which includes age if 40 years or older, race, color, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information)
Inferences drawn from personal information, such as person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, or aptitudes.
You may request further information about our disclosures, as described below.
D. Tracking Technologies
Technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by Dice and our partners, analytics, and service providers. These technologies are used generally for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
Pixels
We use pixels, or transparent GIF files, to help manage online advertising. These pixels are provided by our ad management partner, DoubleClick. These files enable our ad management partner to recognize a unique cookie on your Web browser, which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to our Sites. The information that we collect and share does not contain your name, address, telephone number, or email address. For more information about DoubleClick, including information about how to opt out of these technologies, go to http://www.google.com/privacy/ads/ or you may also opt out by clicking here.
Web beacons
We use web beacons from time to time. A web beacon is a string of code that provides a method for delivering a graphic image on a web page or in an email message for the purpose of transferring data, or determining how many times a specific web page has been viewed. Web beacons enable Dice to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits a Site, and to learn which banner ads bring users to each Site. For example, when a user visits a web page, the code for the page may include instructions to go to another server to gather a single pixel graphic image. Web beacons are not placed on a user's computer. Such web beacons may be provided by Dice's third party advertising companies to help manage and optimize any online advertising.
Cookies
We use cookies on the Sites. A "browser" or "HTTP" cookie is a unique text file that may be used for data analysis, and enables a web site to tailor information presented to a user based on a user's browsing program. Dice may use browser cookies to personalize a user's pages at our Sites, to remember a user when the user registers for products or services, for fraud prevention, or to track visits to our Sites. If a user does not want Dice or its partners to deploy browser cookies in the user's browser when the user visits the Sites, the user may set the browser to reject cookies or to notify the user when a web site tries to place cookies in the browser program. Rejecting cookies may affect a user's ability to use some of the products, features, functions, or services on our Sites.
The ads appearing on the Sites may be delivered to visitors by third parties, such as Google. The third party advertising technology that Dice uses on the Sites uses information derived from a user's visits to the Sites to target advertising within the Sites. In addition, Dice's advertisers may use other third party advertising technology to target advertising on the Sites. In the course of serving advertisements to the Sites, our partners may place or recognize a unique cookie on a user's browser. Information about users' visits to the Sites, such as the number of times users have viewed an ad (but not users' names, addresses, or other personal information), are used to serve ads to visitors. The use of cookies enables our partners to serve ads to users based on such user's visit to the Sites and other sites on the Internet. As with other cookies, and consistent with Dice's policy on cookies stated above, the user may block or delete such cookies from the user's drive or memory. For more information about Google, Google's use of cookies, and how to "opt out" of Google's email/information lists, please click here: http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html.
Log files
Dice web servers may automatically log aggregate information, such as a user's IP address, domain name, browser type, date and time of access, and other log file data.
Links to third party web sites
Links to third party web sites or widgets to enable sharing of information through social networks on the Sites are provided solely as a convenience to the user. When a user uses these links, the user leaves the Sites. Dice has not reviewed all of these third-party sites, does not control, and is not responsible for, any of the third-party sites, their content or privacy practices. Dice does not endorse or make any representations about the third-party sites, or any information, services, or products found on the sites. If a user decides to access any of the linked sites, Dice encourages the user to read their privacy statements. The user accesses such sites at user's own risk.
E. Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information.
We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee that information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. It is your responsibility to protect the security of your login information. Please help keep your account safe by using a strong password.
If you have any questions about security on our Website, you can contact us at security@dice.com.
F. Surveys and Sweepstakes
Occasionally, Dice may conduct surveys in order to better deliver advertisements and content and to better understand your needs relating to the Services. We will not share your survey information with any third party, except in aggregate form.
From time-to-time we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our site. If you participate, we will request certain personal information from you. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code). The sweepstakes rules, to the extent it conflicts with this policy, will govern that particular promotion or sweepstakes - please remember to read it carefully. We may use this information to notify contest winners and award prizes, to monitor the Sites use, to personalize the Sites, to send participants an email, and to measure participants' demographics, interests and opinions. We may use a third-party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests; that company will be prohibited from using our users' personal information for any other purpose. We will not share the personal information you provide through a contest or survey with other third parties unless we give you prior notice and choice.
Referrals - If you choose to use our referral service to tell another person about a job, we will ask you for that person's email address. We will automatically send that person a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. We use this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email, and do not store these email addresses.
G. Social Media Features
The Sites include social media features, such as the Facebook like button and widgets that run on our Sites. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social Media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
H. Data Subject Rights and Correction of Personal Information
You can request from Dice at any time information about which personal data Dice processes about you and the correction or deletion of such personal data. If your information changes, or if you no longer desire our services, you may correct, update, amend, delete/remove or deactivate it by making the change on your account page or by emailing our Customer Support at support@dice.com or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below.
Depending on which laws apply to your personal information, we may only be able to do some of these actions for you. If you request an action and we refuse to do it, we will explain your legal rights, the reason for our refusal and any recourse you may have. Please note that if you request that Dice delete your personal data, you will no longer be able to use any Dice service that requires the use of your personal data. If you have provided more than one email address to our service, you may continue to be contacted, unless you request to unsubscribe each email address you have provided.
If Dice uses your personal data based on your consent or to perform a contract with you, you may further request from Dice a copy of the personal data that you have provided to Dice. In this case, please contact privacy@dice.com and specify the information or processing activities to which your request relates, the format in which you would like this information, and whether the personal data is to be sent to you or another recipient.
You can request that we restrict your personal data from any further processing in any of the following events: (i) you state that the personal data Dice has about you is incorrect, (but only for as long as Dice is required to check the accuracy of the relevant personal data), (ii) there is no legal basis for Dice to process your personal data and you demand that Dice restricts your personal data from further processing, (iii) Dice no longer requires your personal data but you claim that you require Dice to retain such data in order to claim or exercise legal rights or to defend against third party claims or (iv) if you object to the processing of your personal data by Dice (based on Dice's legitimate interest as further set out in Section A above), which may be required when determining if Dice has a prevailing interest or legal obligation in processing your personal data.
We will respond to your request without undue delay within 30 days. Dice reserves the right to take reasonable steps to verify customer identity prior to granting access or processing changes or corrections. Please direct any such request to privacy@dice.com
Data Retention: We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you Services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you Services, contact us at support@dice.com. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Blogs: The Sites may offer publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at support@dice.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Testimonials: We post testimonials on the Sites which may contain personal information. We do obtain consent by email or a release agreement prior to posting the testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at support@dice.com.
Email preferences: You may sign up to receive emails or other communications from us. If you would like to discontinue receiving this information, you may update your email preferences by using the "Unsubscribe" link found in emails we send you, by making a change on your account page, or by contacting us at support@dice.com.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information. To do so, you must first submit a verifiable request, available here.
You may be entitled to receive:
The categories of personal information we collected about you
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting personal information
The categories of personal information we sold to third parties
The categories of third parties to whom personal information was sold
The categories of personal information we disclosed to third parties
The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you
Deletion Request Rights
Subject to certain exceptions, you have the right to request that we delete the personal information that we collected about you. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at 1-888-321-3423
Visiting and completing our webform
Only you may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information.
Your request must provide information sufficient to permit us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information, or an authorized representative of that person. Your request also must include enough detail for us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
I. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Note that, by using the Services, you signify your agreement to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not use the Services. Your continued use of the Services subsequent to changes to this Policy will mean that you accept the changes; therefore, please bookmark this page and review it periodically. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, or any other privacy issues in connection with the Services, please e-mail us at privacy@dice.com.
J. Questions?
We commit to investigating and resolving complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. To make a complaint, contact us at privacy@dice.com.
To help us address the issue effectively, please provide the following:
The specific data privacy complaint (please provide as much detail as possible including country, your understanding of the data privacy infringement and issues, redress requested);
Your full name and how we can contact you; and
Any previous correspondence on this specific data privacy issue.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
If you are a resident of the EEA and have an unresolved privacy or personal information collection, use, or disclosure concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact the EU Data Protection Authorities. If you are a resident of Switzerland and have this concern, please contact the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner.
For more information on how to contact the EU Data Protection Authorities, click here.
For more information on how to contact the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, click here.
Questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to privacy@dice.com. You may also contact us at Dice Inc., 12150 Meredith Dr., Urbandale, IA 50323, or tel. 888-321-3423.
Loading...