http://www.ebatmus.com/privacy_policy.html
Request a Quote
Call Toll-Free: 800-666-6761 US Only413-736-4551 sales@ebatmus.com
0 Items | View Cart
Login or Register
Home
Contact
About Us
History
FAQ
News
Credit Application
Line Card PDF
Newsletters
Products
Manufacturers
International
Order Entry
Free Ground Shipping for On-Line Orders over $75.00
Product Catalog
Bearings
Barden
Consolidated
Cooper
FAG
General
Hub City
IKO
INA
MRC
Nachi
NTN
RBC
Rexnord
SKF
Timken
Belts & Sheaves
Fenner Drives
Gates
Maska
Lovejoy
Chain & Sprockets
U.S. Tsubaki
Clutches & Brakes
Stearns
Warner Electric
Formsprag
Couplings
Ameridrives
Kop-Flex
Lovejoy
Boston Gear
Electrical Drives
ABB
Boston Gear
Leeson
Gear Drives
ABB
Boston Gear
Hub City
Linear Products
Warner Electric
Locking Devices
Whittet Higgins
Ringfeder
Lubricants
CRC
Mobil
Timken
SKF
Motors
ABB
Leeson
Reliance
Open Gearing
Boston Gear
Pneumatics
Boston Gear Pneumatics
Seals
SKF
Harwal
Timken
Tools
OTC
E-Newsletter
Sign up for our e-mail newsletter to receive tips, news and info about specials. Your privacy is important and we will not sell your e-mail address.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Statement
E.B. Atmus Co Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy. We have designed our web site to allow you to visit most areas without identifying yourself or supplying personal information. For those areas where you are requested to provide identifiable information, we assure you that it will only be used to support your customer relationship with E.B.Atmus.
What information do we collect?
On some of E.B. Atmus' website pages, you may request information, which requires a response. We may ask for information when you register for a service or order products from our online catalog. Therefore, we may need your name, Email address, phone number, credit card number, etc. in order to fulfill your request. We may also use that information to provide you with additional services or information in which you might be interested.
Disclosure
We do not disclose your personal information unless the following conditions are met: You provide to us a specific written consent, or we are required by law.
Be assured we do not sell, rent, lease or share your personal information with any individual, group or company outside E.B. Atmus. Your personal information is only used for the purpose it was collected.
About "Cookies"
When browsing a web site, a cookie identifies only your computer browser. Under no circumstances can a cookie identify you as an individual to this or any other site. Any cookie set on your computer by E.B. Atmus is used for the sole purpose of identifying you as a return site visitor, and is not shared with any other Web site. This allows us to identify general information and respond with internal marketing strategies, based on preferences or interests you have indicated while visiting the site. If you would rather not take advantage of the benefits made possible by cookies, most browsers allow you to reject them or to choose which cookies to accept. For further information about cookies, please refer to the U.S. Department of Energy, Information Bulletin, I-034: Internet Cookies.
Email and "Send a Comment"
This site provides opportunities to "send a comment" or to send email to E.B. Atmus personnel. This email system is equivalent to your regular email system. It is not encrypted. Please be aware of how much personal information you provide in these areas.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. High-level encryption ensures protection when providing sensitive data such as credit card information and forms that request personal information. We have also put in place managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Choice/Opt-Out
Although many users appreciate receiving newsletters or other information, we recognize the importance of providing you with the option to decline. At any time, you may contact E.B. Atmus by e-mail and advise that specific communications be discontinued. Please specify which items you wish discontinued and include your e-mail address.
Postal mail may be sent to:         E.B. Atmus Co Inc.         P.O. Box 1689         Springfield, MA 01101
How you can correct your information/inaccuracies
To meet the Fair Information Practices as defined by the U. S. Government, inaccuracies in personal information may be corrected by sending e-mail or postal mail as described above. Changes will be acknowledged by the same method as the change request.
Contacting the E.B. Atmus, web site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact the Webmaster by e-mail, postal mail or phone, as previously indicated.
Privacy outside the E.B. Atmus, website
Once you click to another website, this E.B. Atmus Privacy Policy no longer applies.
E.B. Atmus is not responsible for errors in language translation.
65 Main St, P.O. Box 1689, Springfield, MA 01101-1689U.S.A. Toll-Free: 1-800-666-6761 · Phone: 1-413-736-4551 · Fax: 413-739-0139Privacy Policy