https://www.agvisionsoftware.com/privacy-policy.html
800.759.9492
Menu
Home
Software
Computers
Support
Customers
Partners
Employment
About DMI
Online Request
Contact
Privacy Policy
What information do we (Dairyland Midwest, Inc dba AgVision) collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Database to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms of Use establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
1601 N. Ankeny BlvdAnkeny, Iowa 50023dmi1@dmicomputer.comPh: 515-964-0708
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Remote
©
AgVision
DMI Computer Technologies 1601 N. Ankeny Blvd, Ankeny, IA 50023-4159
515-964-0708 or 800-759-9492