https://www.canplas.com/plumbing/terms-of-use/
EnglishFrançais (French)
Search for:
Search
Toggle navigation
Toggle navigation
Why Canplas Plumbing
About Us
Industry Links
Product Details
ABS DWV Fittings
PVC Grey DWV Fittings
PVC White DWV Fittings
Solvent Weld Sewer Fittings
Specialty Plumbing Products
Flame Spread & Smoke Development Rated PVC Products
Endura® Grease Management Products
Price Lists
Contact Us
Find Us
Rep Locator
Terms of UseA. Introduction
The web address www.canplas.com is operated by CANPLAS INDUSTRIES LTD. and its affiliates (collectively CANPLAS or we or us or our). This Legal Notice applies to all pages of this Website (collectively the Website) . The Website is subject to the following terms and conditions which set forth the legally binding terms for your use of the Website.
B. Your Consent
By using the Website, you agree to these Terms of Use (the Agreement). Please read this Agreement carefully and save it. If you do not agree to these terms, or our Privacy Policy do not use this Website. The Website is subject to the following terms and conditions which set forth the legally binding terms for your use of the Website.
We reserve the right to modify or otherwise update this Agreement at any time by posting the modified version on our Website and revising the effective date. Such changes will automatically be effective upon posting on our Website, and you agree to be bound by such modifications, updates and revisions. You should visit this page from time to time to review the current terms.
To obtain information about our privacy practices, please see our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated by reference.
C. Copyright
All content provided on the Website, such as text, graphics, images, etc., as well as collection, arrangement and assembly of all content on this Website is our exclusive property and is protected by copyright laws. Except as stated herein or authorized in writing by us, no material from the Website may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed in any way. Any unauthorized use of any material contained in this Website is strictly prohibited.
D. Trademarks
The trademarks, service marks, trade dress and logos (Trademarks) used and displayed on this Website are Trademarks used under license. Nothing on this Website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on this Website and no such right is granted by your use of this Website. The Trademarks on this Website may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not ours, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits us.
E. Use of Website
This Website, or any portion of this Website, may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose that is not expressly permitted by us. We reserve the right to refuse services, and/or cancel orders at our discretion if we believe that customer conduct violates applicable law or is harmful to our interests.
F. Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
This Website is provided “as is” and without express or implied warranties of any kind, including without limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for any particular purpose or non-infringement. We do not represent or warrant that this Website will be uninterrupted or error free. In no event, in regard to this Website or any other hyperlinked website, will CANPLAS be liable to any party of any damages or injury caused by (including but not limited to) any failure of performance, error, omission, direct, indirect, special or other consequential damages including, without limitation, any lost profits, business interruption, loss of programs or other data on your systems or networks or otherwise, even if we are expressly advised of the possibility of such damages. You acknowledge, by your use of this Website, that your use is at your sole risk.
Furthermore, please note that:
Any prices exhibited on this Website are not guaranteed to be accurate nor are they guaranteed to remain the same for any length of time. CANPLAS I reserves the right to correct prices at any time and to modify them without notice.
You should not rely solely on the description of our products or their properties on this Website or our catalog in order to determine whether it is fit or suitable for your needs. Rather, you should consult an CANPLAS representative in this regard.
Not all CANPLAS products described on our Website or in the catalogue may be in stock at the time of the order so purchasers should not rely on their constant availability.
CANPLAS makes no representations whatsoever about any other website which you may access through this one. When you access a non-CANPLAS website, please understand that it is independent from CANPLAS, and that CANPLAS has no control over the content on that website. In addition, a link to a non-CANPLAS website does not mean that CANPLAS endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content, or the use, of such website. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of such items as viruses and other items of a destructive nature.
G. Applicable Law
This Website is controlled and operated by CANPLAS from Oakville, Ontario and these terms or the use of this Website, including any matters regarding the validity or application of the terms of use, are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent Courts within the province of Ontario and Canada.
We are always here to help.
Do not hesitate to get in touch for any reason.
CONTACT US
Why PlumbingAbout Us
Industry Links
OtherWarranty
Terms of Use
Privacy
Terms and Conditions of Sale
PO Terms
AODA
Feedback How could we improve?
Tell us what you want to see.
© 2020 Canplas. All Rights Reserved. WM