https://www.directimages.com/privacy-policy
Direct Images Interactive
An Inbound Marketing Agency
Attract Customers
Create
Customize
Personas
Interactive Video
Video Players
Optimize
Optimize Content
Responsive Design
HTML 5 Video
SEO
Video SEO
Distribute
Content Marketing
Social Strategies
Live Streaming Video
Seal the Deal
Analyze & Improve
Services
Company
Contact
Community
Blog
In-Sites LIVE!
Direct Images Interactive, Inc. Privacy Policy
Please read our Privacy Policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect and otherwise handle information about you. By using Direct Images Interactive, Inc., Direct Images Interactive In-Sites Blog, Direct Images Interactive In-Sites Video Series, and/or Direct Images Interactive In-Sites Live! (“DII”, “we”, “us” or “our”) Services, you consent to the collection and usage of your data as described in this Privacy Policy. Your privacy is very important to us, and we are committed to conducting our business in accordance with privacy principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained. We are handling your personal information with great care, respect and transparency.
This Privacy Policy applies to the DII Website (www.directimages.com) and any other web-based platforms; collectively the “Websites” and access and use of the Websites, and the services provided on the Websites (collectively, the “Service”), will be subject to this Privacy Policy as set forth below.
Information We Collect
We collect information from our users at several different points on the Service. For example, we may collect personally identifiable information from you such as your name, address, phone number, and email address when you register, subscribe to one of our services, enter sweepstakes, contests or other promotions offered by or through the Service, and at other times. We also collect credit card information in connection with any purchase you make through the Service. In addition, we automatically collect non-personal information such as your browser type, operating system, IP address, and Service usage information, in order to, among other things, evaluate and improve the performance of the Service.
We will not sell, share, or rent personal information to third parties, and we will not otherwise disclose personally identifiable information to third parties, without your explicit permission, except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy.
Why We Collect Your Information
We collect and use information for internal purposes, such as:
enhancing your experience at the Service;
performing administration and technical support for the Service;
enabling you to enter sweepstakes, contests and other promotions;
creating aggregate information about demographics and usage patterns;
inviting our promotional vendors and advertisers—with your explicit permission—to call to your attention special offers, products and services that may be of interest to you;
enabling purchases of goods and services.
When We Share Your Information
We may use aggregate information to measure general Service usage patterns and characteristics of our user base, and we may include such aggregate information about our audience in reports to our commercial vendors. We may also disclose aggregated user statistics (for example, a certain percentage of our users live in a certain area) without your permission in order to describe our audience to existing and prospective advertisers or other third parties. However, this aggregate information does not reference names, phone numbers, email addresses, or other personally identifiable information, and it is not traceable to a specific recipient or user email address.
We also may share personal information with companies affiliated with DII. In the event that DII is merged, or in the event of a transfer of our assets, we may disclose or transfer your personal information in connection with such transaction. In the event of such a transfer, we will notify you of the change of control of your personal information. You should also be aware that courts of equity, such as U.S. Bankruptcy Courts, may have the authority under certain circumstances to permit your personal information to be shared or transferred to third parties without your permission.
From time to time, we might establish a business relationship with other persons or entities whom we believe trustworthy and whom we have asked to confirm that their privacy practices are consistent with ours. For example, we may contract with service providers to provide certain services including credit card processing, data management, promotional services, etc. We provide our service providers with the information needed for them to perform these services. Each service provider must agree to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of your information in order to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification or disclosure.
Although unlikely, in certain instances we may disclose your personal information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities who may be causing injury to you, to Freedom or its affiliates, or to others. We may also disclose your personal information when we believe the law requires it.
The general registration area can be found on the Service home page and at other locations throughout the Service. To use or access certain features of the Service, you may have to register or otherwise provide personal information. The decision to provide this information is optional; however, if you elect not to register or provide such information, you may not be able to access certain content or features or participate in various areas of the Service.
How We Share and Disclose Information to Third Parties
We do not rent or sell your personal information to anyone. We may share and disclose information (including personal information) about our customers in the following limited circumstances:
We may share your information with third-party vendors, consultants and other service providers ("Service Providers") that we employ to perform tasks on our behalf. These companies include (for example) our payment processing providers, website analytics companies (e.g., Google Analytics, described below), product feedback or help desk software providers, CRM service providers (e.g., HubSpot), email service providers and others.
We utilize Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google, to better understand your use of our Websites and Services. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit the Websites, what pages they visit and what other sites they used prior to visiting. Google uses the data collected to track and examine the use of the Websites, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the data collected on the Websites to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. Google's ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Websites is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. Google offers an opt-out mechanism for the web available here.
We also use HubSpot, a web-based marketing platform, to provide customer relationship management services for our sales and marketing. HubSpot collects personal information via DII's Website on DII's behalf, including your name and email address. HubSpot processes the data collected only to allow DII access to and use of that information. HubSpot does not share that information with any other entity. HubSpot's Privacy Policy is available here.
We do not share any personal information with these Service Providers without your express consent.
For your convenience, hyperlinks may be posted on the Websites that link to other third-party websites. We are not responsible for, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to, the privacy practices of any third-party linked sites or of any companies that we do not own or control.
Security
We use encryption and authentication tools when appropriate to protect the security of personal information that you share with us. However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect personal information, we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from the Service, and you do so at your own risk.
We may place a text file called a “cookie” in the browser files of your computer or use other technology to improve your navigation of the Service. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your Web browser from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Generally, we use cookies to remind us of who you are, tailor our products and services to suit your personal interests, estimate our audience size, track your status in our sweepstakes, contests and promotions and/or analyze your visiting patterns.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
Authentication and Personalization - we use cookies to identify you when you visit our Websites and as you navigate our Websites and Services, and to store information about your preferences and to personalize our Websites and Services for you.
Security - we use cookies as an element of the security measures used to protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login credentials, and to protect our Websites and Services generally.
Advertising - we use cookies to help us to display content that will be relevant to you.
Analysis - we use cookies to help us to analyze the use and performance of our Websites and Services.
The use of cookies is an industry standard; you will find them at most major Web sites. Cookies make Web-surfing easier for you by saving your preferences while you are using the Service. For this reason, we may save passwords, credit card or other personal information in cookies. You can generally set your Web browser not to accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. If you set your Web browser not to accept cookies, it may affect your ability to utilize all features on the Service.
The Service may contain links to Web sites operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control. Privacy policies on such linked Web sites may be different from our Privacy Policy. You access such linked Web sites at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a linked Web site before disclosing any personal information on such site.
Our online chat areas, bulletin boards, other public forums and user-generated content (i.e., photos, videos) can be a useful way for you to express yourself to other online users. When you post messages or otherwise use these features, the information that you provide (including personally identifiable information) may be publicly available to, collected by, and used by third parties. We are not responsible for the content of messages or images posted by users or disclosures of personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of 13, we will delete such information from our records. Because we do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13, we also do not knowingly distribute such information to third parties.
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, in whole or in part, we will inform you by posting the changed Privacy Policy here. Those changes will go into effect on the date posted in the notice. The new policy will apply to all current and past users of the Service and will replace any prior policies that are inconsistent.
Email Policy
We comply with the federal CAN-SPAM Act. You can always opt out of receipt of further email correspondence from us or our affiliates. We will not sell, rent, or trade your email address to any unaffiliated third-party without your permission (except in the sale or transfer of our business).
In-Sites LIve!, Video Series and Blog
DII contains a blog/vlog and other areas where users may publicly post information, communicate with other users, and submit content they deem relevant for discussion. All the information you post will be accessible to anyone, at any time, with Internet access. Furthermore, we strongly advise you to NOT post any personal or identifiable information about yourself or contact information, including address, email, phone numbers, or other means of communicating outside of the blog. Any information you post may be read, collected, and used by others.
Social Media Tools
DII may offer social sharing features which let you share content on our Websites with other media. The implementation of such features allows the sharing of certain information with your friends, connections or the public, depending on the settings you set with the third party that provides the social sharing feature.
Questions about our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time. If our company decides to change this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on our Website so our users and customers are always aware of what information we collect, use, and disclose. In all cases, your continued use of our Website or our services and products after any change to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policies, please contact us at info@directimages.com, and our team will respond within a reasonable time.
Direct Images Interactive, Inc., 1933 Davis Street, Suite 308, San Leandro, CA  94577
Last updated: May 25, 2018
Create
Creative Services
Banners
Explainer Videos, Demos & Tours
Testimonials & Interview Videos
Training Videos
Independent & Entertainment Videos
Customize
Personas
Interactive Video
Video Players
Optimize
Optimize Content
Responsive Design & HTML 5 Video
SEO & Video SEO
Distribute
Content Marketing
Social Strategies
Live Video Streaming
Convert
CTAs & Landing Pages
Manage & Nurture Leads
Analyze
Marketing Analytics
Video Analytics
Company
About Us
Partners
Clients
In-Sites Live! Sessions
Recent Blog Posts
Direct Images Interactive
An Inbound Marketing Agency
699 Lewelling Blvd., Suite 146-453 • San Leandro, CA 94579 • 510.613.8299
Privacy Policy
Follow Us