http://www.taylor-hobson.com/legal-notice
Join the Webinar
Taylor Hobson »
Legal Notice »
Legal Notice
Registered in England 3230332. PO Box 36, 2 New Star Road, Leicester, LE4 9JQ
1. Content
The author reserves the right not to be responsible for the topicality, correctness, completeness or quality of the information provided. Liability claims regarding damage caused by the use of any information provided, including any kind of information which is incomplete or incorrect, will therefore be rejected.
All offers are not-binding and without obligation. Parts of the pages or the complete publication including all offers and information might be extended, changed or partly or completely deleted by the author without separate announcement.
2. Referrals and links
The author is not responsible for any contents linked or referred to from his pages - unless he has full knowledge of illegal contents and would be able to prevent the visitors of his site from viewing those pages. If any damage occurs by the use of information presented there, only the author of the respective pages might be liable, not the one who has linked to these pages. Furthermore the author is not liable for any postings or messages published by users of discussion boards, guestbooks or mailing lists provided on his page.
3. Copyright
The author intended not to use any copyrighted material for the publication or, if not possible, to indicate the copyright of the respective object.
The copyright for any material created by the author is reserved. Any duplication or use of objects such as diagrams, sounds or texts in other electronic or printed publications is not permitted without the author's agreement.
4. Privacy policy
If the opportunity for the input of personal or business data (email addresses, name, addresses) is given, the input of these data takes place voluntarily. The use and payment of all offered services are permitted - if and so far technically possible and reasonable - without specification of any personal data or under specification of anonymized data or an alias.
5. Legal validity of this disclaimer
This disclaimer is to be regarded as part of the internet publication which you were referred from. If sections or individual terms of this statement are not legal or correct, the content or validity of the other parts remain uninfluenced by this fact.
Trademarks -
The following are US and UK Registered Trademarks owned by Taylor Hobson-
MICROFORM
MICROPTIC
SURTRONIC
TALYLIN
TALYMIN
TALYROND
TALYSURF
TALYVEL
TAYLOR HOBSON
TAYLOR-HOBSON
The absence of a trademark from this list does not constitute a waiver of Taylor Hobson's trademark or other intellectual property rights concerning that product name or mark.
These Trademarks may also be registered in one or more of the following countries:
Australia
Benelux
Brazil
Canada
China
Denmark
European Union
France
Germany
Hong Kong
India
Ireland
Italy
Japan
Mexico
New Zealand
Pakistan
Russia
Singapore
South Africa
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
JOIN THE CONVERSATION
Tweets by TaylorHobson
By continuing to use the site, you agree to our Privacy and Cookie Policy.
Ok
MacCMS
×