http://www.foodmanufacturing.com/page/fm-privacy-policy
TopicsCapital InvestmentConsumer TrendsFacilityLabelingLaborPackagingProductsRecalls/AlertsSafetySupply ChainResourcesVideosUser ToolsNewsletter SignupAdvertiseAbout UsContact UsPrivacy PolicyTerms & ConditionsCA Consumer Privacy ActFacebook iconTwitter iconLinkedIn iconYouTube iconHomePrivacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyFood Manufacturing Privacy PolicyFood Manufacturing recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of information provided to us by those who use our products and services. This policy describes how personally identifiable and anonymous information about our publication subscribers, online media product users and event registrants may be collected and shared.Please be sure to read this Privacy Policy before using any
Food Manufacturing Web Site or submitting information through a Site. By using any of our Web Sites, you consent to our use of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy and accept the terms and conditions herein.This Privacy Policy is current as of May 30th, 2018. If we change our privacy practices, we will also update this Privacy Policy. Users should review this policy periodically to monitor any changes. Your continued use of our sites and services constitutes your acceptance of this entire Privacy Policy, as updated from time to time.
Food Manufacturing reserves the right to access and disclose personally identifiable information to comply with applicable laws, lawful government requests and any orders of the court.How does Food Manufacturing collect your information?Food Manufacturing uses cookies and other internet technologies in the management of our Web Site and email programs in an effort to enrich your online experience. We may also use IP addresses to gather broad geographic information for aggregate use. Our cookies do not contain any information that is personally identifiable. Like many Web Sites, Food Manufacturing may use pixel tags, also known as web beacons, clear gifs, or web bugs. Pixel tags help us improve our understanding of our web traffic and visitor behavior, as well as gauge the response to our promotional efforts. If you wish, you may disable pixel tags by setting your browser to omit images and disable JavaScript.We use industry-standard, third party advertising service companies to serve advertisements when you visit our sites or open our emails. These companies may use cookies, pixel tags, and other methods to collect information about your visit to our Web Site, and others, in order to provide you with relevant advertisements about products, services, and events. These collection methods do not typically include your name, address, or telephone number. These elements also provide us with aggregate pictures of traffic patterns, which help us to improve your site experience and monitor advertising effort When is personally identifiable information collected? How is your information used?Food Manufacturing collects personally identifiable information that you choose to provide us when you subscribe to our magazines, sign up for e-newsletters, enter a contest, participate in surveys, login into our Web Sites using a third party login system (including, but not limited to, Facebook Connect, Twitter, etc.), register for a Web Site, webcast, or trade show, or otherwise communicate with us. When you provide this information to us, you are no longer anonymous.
Food Manufacturing does not take any steps to protect the privacy of information you volunteer about yourself in forums or other publicly accessible sections of our Web Sites.We may use your contact information to send notices for subscription renewal or provide you with information about products or services you have ordered with us. We may also use your contact information to send you e-newsletters or other promotional e-mails that contain targeted, relevant content that may be useful to your business. All promotional e-mails you receive from us will include an option to opt out of similar e-mail communications in the future.We may include personally identifiable information (that is, information that can be uniquely identified with you) such as your name, address, telephone and fax numbers, and e-mail address, as well as “demographic” information such as the type of business you work for, your job responsibilities and certain information about your company. We will tell you at the time we collect information whether the information requested is necessary for you to participate in a particular feature. The information we collect is used to respond to your specific requests, to send you periodic information and special offers from
Food Manufacturing and our sponsors, to provide you with updates on Food Manufacturing offerings and features, to provide you with product information from manufacturers in our database, and to provide our sponsors and business partners with data about our users.What options do you have about how Food Manufacturing uses or shares your information?If you no longer wish for us to share your mailing address or other contact information with our sponsors or other third parties, please send us an e-mail at tom@ien.com. For us to be able to locate your record, your e-mail must include your name, mailing address, e-mail address, and must identify the Food Manufacturing product, event, or service for which you are registered. We will endeavor to process your request within 72 hours, and thereafter we will no longer share your contact information with third parties. Please note that we will not be able to stop third parties from sending you information about their products or services if your information was shared with them before we received your request. Regarding e-mail specifically, you have the opportunity to elect to stop receiving advertising messages from
Food Manufacturing about our products or services each time you receive such a communication from us. To unsubscribe from such advertising e-mail messages, please follow the directions included in that e-mail message. We will endeavor to process your request within 72 hours.Please note that during that time, you may continue to receive e-mail messages from Food Manufacturing about its products or services. Additionally, regardless of whether you have unsubscribed from receiving advertising and promotional material from Food Manufacturing, you will continue to receive transactional information from us, such as information relating to your account or payment or bill information. If you receive broadcast e-mail messages that we may send about third party manufacturers in whose products or services we believe you may be interested, and no longer wish to receive such messages, you can do so by following the directions included in the e-mail message you receive. If you have further questions regarding your options with respect to your account information, please contact us at the e-mail or mailing address included at the beginning of this Privacy Policy.How does Food Manufacturing protect your information?We use reasonable precautions, including appropriate technical, administrative, and physical procedures, to try to protect collected personal information from loss, misuse, or alteration.Many of our Web Sites contain links to Web Sites owned and operated by unaffiliated third parties. These links are provided as a service to you, and do not constitute Food Manufacturing endorsement or support of those third parties or their Web Sites. Each third party Web Site has its own information collection and use practices, and we advise you to review their policies.Food Manufacturing is not responsible or liable for third party privacy practices or the content of third party sites. We are not responsible or liable for any breach of security or for the actions of these parties.Due to the design of the Internet and other factors outside our control, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and our servers will be free from unauthorized access by third parties. Any information you provide may be stored and maintained in a Food Manufacturing database, either housed at Food Manufacturing or with a third party vendor. In the case of a sale, change of ownership or merger involving Food Manufacturing or any parent, subsidiary or affiliated company, your information may be transferred to a third party.Passwords may be used by a Site to protect your personal data. We recommend that you do not share your passwords with anyone, and notify us promptly if you believe your password security has been breached. Food Manufacturing will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited e-mail. Also, if you are using a computer that others have access to, such as one in a computer lab, Internet cafe or public library, always remember to log out and close your browser window when leaving any of our Sites.In addition, any personally identifiable information or sensitive data that you disclose through any discussion boards or other public online forums hosted on the Sites may be collected and used by others. We recommend caution when giving out personal information to others in these public online forums. When you provide information on these forums, you do so at your own risk. The information you share may be viewed by any other user of the Sites.What are your options for how Food Manufacturing uses or shares your information?If you wish to opt out of receiving postal, email, fax or phone calls from
Food Manufacturing  please send an email to: tom@ien.com . You may also call 608-628-8178 and ask for the Privacy Manager, or mail your request to the attention of the Privacy Manager at 199 East Badger Road, Suite 100, Madison, WI 53713. Specifically who this privacy manager is and how contacting them will work is subject to change. We will attempt to process any such requests within 10 business days or as soon as reasonably possible thereafter.Regarding SSLOur Site uses ‘SSL’ to protect personal information. By using a browser that supports security functions, when you access to our Site and enter personal information including your name and e-mail address, and this information is transferred to our server, the information is automatically encrypted when transmitted and received by servers. Therefore if the transmitted data is intercepted by a third party, there is no need to worry about the content being stolen.If you use a browser that does not support SSL, you may not be able to access our Site or input information. Your European privacy rights For European residents only. We collect and process personal information about you only where we have a legal basis for doing so under applicable data protection law, including under the GDPR. The legal bases will depend on the purpose for which we process your personal information. This means we collect and use your personal information only where:We need it to provide the services, including to operate the Site, provide customer support and personalized features and to protect the safety and security of the Site;It satisfies a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your rights and interests), such as for research and development, to market and promote the Site and to protect our legal rights and interests;You give us consent to do so for a specific purpose; orWe need to process your personal information to comply with a legal obligation.If you have consented to our use of personal information about you for a specific purpose, you have the right to change your preferences at any time.We may use your email address to send you newsletter or marketing emails. We will ask for your consent in line with the applicable law when you first provide your personal information. You can opt out by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, or you can contact us using the Contact Us page on our Site.Request access to your personal information.You may have the right to request access to any personal information we hold about you as well as related information, including the purposes for processing the personal information, the recipients or categories of recipients with whom the personal information has been shared, where possible, the period for which the personal information will be stored, the source of the personal information, and the existence of any automated decision making.Request correction of your personal information.You may have the right to obtain without undue delay the rectification of any inaccurate personal information we hold about you.Request erasure of your personal information.You may have the right to request that personal information held about you is deleted.Request restriction of processing your personal information.You may have the right to prevent or restrict processing of your personal information.Request transfer of your personal information.You may have the right to request transfer of personal information directly to a third party where this is technically feasible.Where you believe that we have not complied with our obligation under this privacy policy or European data protection law, you have the right to make a complaint to an EU Data Protection Authority, such as the UK Information Commissioner’s Office.Document HistoryMarch 4, 2011, EnactedMay 25th, 2018, AmendedFor any questions about this policy please direct to our data privacy officer at tom@ien.com.