https://www.hardwareresources.com/privacy-policy
Hardware ResourcesBlogAbout UsMy Ideas Log InDealer Log InSign In
Keep me logged in Sign In* Required Fields Want to become a Hardware Resources Dealer?
SEARCH Decorative Organizers Wood Functional Task Lighting & Power Knobs and Pulls View All Collections
Knobs and Pulls
Knobs Pulls Retail Packs Jeffrey Alexander Product Overview Jeffrey Alexander Collections Elements Product Overview Elements Collections Display Towers Decorative Boards Jigs and TemplatesNew Products Bath Hardware View All Bath Hardware Jeffrey Alexander Elements Grab Bars Paper Holders Robe Hooks Towel Bars Towel Rings Shower RodsClearance Hooks View All Hooks Ceiling Wall Hooks Decorative Boards Vanities and Mirrors View All Vanities and Mirrors Vanities Mirrors Vanity Accessories Jeffrey Alexander ElementsClearance Sinks View All Sinks Porcelain Stainless Kitchen Islands View All Kitchen Islands Islands Accessories Tops Organizers Overview Cabinet Organizers View All Cabinet Organizers Blind Corner Solutions Lazy Susans Waste Container Solutions Trash Cans & Lids Pantry Solutions Drawer Solutions Base Solutions Wall Solutions Quick Tray Pilaster System Tray Divider Base OrganizersNew ProductsClearance 11 Minute Organizers View All 11 Minute Organizers Pullout Organizers Trash Can Pullout Trash Cans & Lids Door Mounted Tray System Single Shelf Lazy Susan Bottle & Stemware Racks Sink Front Tipout Trays Wall Solutions Dishcloth Rack Tray Divider Closet Organizers View All Closet Organizers Hooks Laundry Valets Jewelry Trays Belts, Shoes & Ties Pullout Baskets & Hampers Closet Rods Shelf Supports Panel Connectors Wardrobe Lifts & Racks Closet Hardware Round Closet Rod Decorative Wood Corbels Fireplace Corbels Capitals Corner Posts & Legs Posts Cabinet Feet & Legs Onlays & Appliques Moulding Hand Carved Crown Rope Dentil Embossed Base Accent Light Rail Beauty Creative Column Corner Rosettes Chair Rail Shelf & Stemware Fluted Column Cornice Blocks Transitions Face Frame Metal Corbels Feet Supports Onlays & Appliques Dovetail Drawer Boxes Drawer Box MaterialDovetail Drawer Boxes Mitered Doors and Drawer Fronts Mitered Doors and Drawer Fronts Functional Hardware Cabinet Hinges Institutional Hinges Decorative Hinges Shutter Hardware Hinge Boring & Mounting Drawer Slides Screws Shelf Supports Cabinet & Drawer Accessories Magnetic Catches & Latches Brackets, Braces Panel Connectors Quick Tray Pilaster System Specialty Slides Barn Door HardwareNew Products Retail Packed Hardware Drawer Slides Cabinet Hinges Catches Door Stops Hooks Sash Pulls Screws Handrail Brackets Shelf Supports Clips Barn Door Hardware Commercial Hardware Institutional Hinges Cabinet Hinges Drawer Slides Standards & Brackets Grommets Connectors Catches Bumpers & Locks Shelf Supports Hooks Hanging File Accessories Leg Levelers Magnetic Catches & Latches
Resources
Find a DealerMy IdeasFree Sample Tools for Dealers Tools for Designers Tools for Homeowners Download a Product Catalog Get Free Knob & Pull Samples Get a Free 30-minute Consultation About Hardware Resources FAQ Cabinet Hardware Selector
PRIVACY POLICY – YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTSEffective Date: [06/01/2019] Last Updated: [06/01/2019]SCOPEThis Privacy Policy describes how we treat personal information on our websites where the Policy is located (collectively referred to as our “Site”). This Site is intended for use by individuals who are located in the United States.TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECTDimora collects information from you and about you. Here are some examples of the information we may collect:Contact Information. For example, we may collect your name, mailing address, telephone number and email address. We may also collect your mobile phone number.Account Information. If you create an account on our Site, we may collect your username and password.Payment Information. For example, we may collect your billing address and payment information.Social Media Information. We may collect information you post on our social media pages. We may also collect your social media profile information and information posted on your page.Employment Information. For example, we may collect information about your profession and employer. If you apply for a job through our Site, we collect the information you include in your application. This may include information about your employment history.Information You Post. We may collect information you post to a publicly-available space on our Site. For example, we may collect information when a post a comment to one of our blogs.Information You Submit. We may collect information when you send us a message through the “Contact Us” page or similar features on our Site. We may also collect information when you enter a promotion or submit user-generated content, such as photos or videos.Demographic Information. We may collect your birthdate, age, gender and zip code. We may also collect information that could identify you and relates to your design interests and projects.Device Information. For example, we may collect the type of device you use to access our Site. We may also collect your device identifier, IP address, mobile network information or mobile operating system.Other Information. If you use our website, we may collect information about the browser you are using. We might look at what site you came from, or what site you visit when you leave us.HOW WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATIONDimora collects your information in different ways. Below are some examples of how we may collect your information.Directly From You. For example, when you:Register for an account.Order samples of our products.Purchase products or services through our Site.Apply to become a dealer or part of a design board.Post a comment to our blog.Sign up to receive promotional communications.Participate in one of our promotional sweepstakes, contests, surveys, or focus groups.Post or submit user-generated content.Submit a request or question to us.Interact with our social media pages.Apply for a job through our Site.Passively. For example, when you visit and navigate our Site on any device. We may also collect information about users over time and across different websites, apps and devices when you use the Site. Third parties also collect personal information this way on our Site.From Third Parties. We may receive information about you from other sources. For example, this may include receiving information from:Our business partners, including online advertising networks, analytics vendors, and companies that co-sponsor our promotions.Social media sites, including Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Google, Pinterest and Houzz.Companies that provide information to supplement what we already know about you, including companies that provide insights about your design interests and projects.By Combining Information. For example, we may:Combine information that we collect offline with information we collect through our Site.Combine information we collect about you from the different devices you use to access our Site.Combine information we get from third parties with information we already have about you.HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATIONExamples of how we may use your information include:To Provide Our Products and Services. This could include fulfilling your requests for products or services. It could also include processing purchases or other transactions.To Improve Our Products and Services. We may use your information to make our Site, products and services better. We may also use your information to customize your experience with us.To Understand Your Interests. For example, we may use your information to better understand what products interest you.To Respond to Your Requests or Questions. This may include responding to your feedback or notifying you if you win a promotion.To Communicate With You. We may communicate with you about your account or our relationship. We may also contact you about this Policy or our Site terms and conditions.To Determine Your Eligibility. We may use your information to verify your identity or determine your eligibility for some of our products, services and promotions. For example, this may include verifying your age, date of birth and state of residence. If you apply for a job through our Site, we may use this information to evaluate your application.For Marketing Purposes. We may provide you with information about new products and special offers. We might use your information to send you information about new products, features or updates. These might be third party offers or products we think you might find interesting. We may also use your information to send you electronic communications, including through email. We and our partners may engage in interest-based advertising using information gathered across multiple websites, devices, or other platforms. For more information about your choices related to these communications, see the Choices section below.For Security Purposes. This could include protecting our company and consumers who use our products and services. It may also include protecting our Site.As Otherwise Permitted By Law or As We May Notify You.HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATIONWe may share your information in the following ways:Internally. For example, we may share your information within the Dimora family of brands, including Du Verre, Atlas Homewares, Hardware Resources, Jeffrey Alexander by Hardware Resources, Elements by Hardware Resources, Top Knobs, Water Street Brass, Vesta, KasaWare and Task Lighting.On Our Site. For example, we may publically display information, including user-generated content, you submit to or post on our Site and social media sites. We may also display information you submit in connection with a promotion.With Our Service Providers. We may share your information with third parties who perform services on our behalf. For example, this may include merchandise vendors and payment processors. It may also include companies that send emails on our behalf or help us run our Site.With Our Business Partners. For example, this may include a third party that co-sponsors a contest or promotion. We may also share information with social media sites, advertisers, media buying agencies, advertising networks and advertising service providers. We may also share information with companies that help us learn more about our customers.With Third Parties for Marketing Purposes. This may include third parties in whose products or services we believe you may be interested. These third parties may also share your information with others. These third parties may use your information for their own marketing purposes or the marketing purposes of others. This may include the delivery of interest-based advertising.With Any Successors to All or Part of Our Business or One of Our Brands. For example, if Dimora merges with, acquires or is acquired, or sells a brand or part of its business to another business entity. This may include an asset sale, corporate reorganization or other change of control. We may sell or transfer our customer information or customer lists as standalone assets or as part of a larger transaction action.To Comply With the Law or To Protect Ourselves. For example, this could include responding to a court order or subpoena. It could also include sharing information if a government agency or investigatory body requests. We might share information when we are investigating a potential fraud. This could include fraud we think has occurred during a sweepstakes or promotion. We may also share information if you are the winner of a sweepstakes or other contest with anyone who requests a winner’s list.For Other Reasons We May Describe to You.CHILDREN UNDER 13The Site where this Policy is located are meant for adults. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable data frompersons under the age of 13, and strive to comply with the provisions of COPPA (The Children’s Online Privacy ProtectionAct). If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 13 has provided us with information, please contact usat privacy@dimorabrands.com. You can also write to us at the address listed at the end of this website Policy. Please markyour inquiries “COPPA Information Request.” Parents, you can learn more about how to protect children's privacy on-line here.CHOICES REGARDING YOUR INFORMATIONYou have certain choices about how we use your information. Certain choices you make are browser and device specific.Marketing Communications:You can opt out of receiving our marketing communications. Note that you will still receive transactional messages from us, including information about your account and responses to your inquiries. To opt out of receiving our marketing communications, you can follow the instructions contained in the communicationCookies & Other Tracking Technologies:Your browser may give you the ability to control cookies or other tracking tools. How you do so depend on the type of tool. Certain browsers can be set to reject browser cookies. You can learn more about our use of cookies, and read our “Do Not Track” policy, here.YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTSIf you reside in California, you have the right to ask us one time each year if we have shared personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make a request, please send us an email at privacy@dimorabrands.com or write to us at the address listed below. Indicate in your email or letter that you are a California resident making a "California Shine the Light" inquiry.SECURITYThe Internet is not 100% secure. We cannot promise that your use of our Site will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet. We use reasonable means to safeguard personal information under our control.  A userid and a password are needed to access certain areas of our Site. It is your responsibility to protect your username and password.STORAGE OF INFORMATIONInformation we maintain may be stored in or outside of the United States. If you live outside of the United States, you understand and agree that we may transfer your personal information to the United States. This Site is intended for use in the United States and is subject to the laws of the United States, which may not provide the same level of protections as those in your own country.LINKSOur Site may contain links to other third party sites that are not governed by this Policy. If you click on a link to a third party site, you will be taken to a site we do not control. We are not responsible for the privacy practices used by third party sites. We suggest that you read the privacy policies of those sites carefully. We are not responsible for these third party sites.HOW TO CONTACT USIf you have any questions, comments or concerns with respect to our privacy practices or this Policy, or wish to update your information, please feel free to contact us at privacy@dimorabrands.com. You may also write to us at the following address:3 Millennium Way, Branchburg, NJ 08876CHANGES IN POLICYFrom time to time, we may change our Policy. We will notify you of any material changes to our Policy as required by law.We will also post an updated copy on our Site. Please check our Site periodically for updates.© Dimora Brands, Inc. 2019.© 2020 Hardware Resources. All Rights Reserved.   Terms of Use   Privacy Policy   Customer Service: 1.800.463.0660
Follow via Facebook
Follow via Twitter
Follow via Pinterest
Follow via Instagram
Follow via Vimeo