https://www.indonesiateakfurniture.com/aa_ordering_furniture.html#termsandconditions
Teak Furniture from
Indonesia by IndonesiaTeakFurniture.com Bali Furniture Factory
Home
Shop
Root Furniture
Root Console Table Teak Root Bench Teak Root Tables Teak Root Chairs Root Furniture 1 Root Furniture 2 Root Furniture 3 Root Furniture 4 Root Furniture Set Teak Wood Bowls Palm Wood Pots
Boat Furniture
Old Boat Wood Chairs Old Boat Wood Benches Old Boat Wood Tables Old Boat Wood Cabinets Old Boat Wood Storage Boat Wood Home Decors
Kitchen Utensils
Teak Bowls Teak Bowls Teak Bowls Chopping Boards Teak Plates Teak Wood Kitchen Utensils
Outdoor Furniture
Teak Root Shelves Teak Root Coffee Table Carved Teak Furniture Teak Wood Mushrooms Boat Furniture Bali Abstract Sculptures Teak Furniture Furniture Bali Teak Furniture Sets
Furniture
Boat Wood Furniture Recycled Tire Furniture Rustic Furniture
Java Teak Doors 1
Bali Teak Doors 2
Bali Style Doors 3
Teak Wood Balls Curve Table Home Accessories
info
Ordering Info
Shipping
Sourcing Furniture
Furniture Factory
Furniture Company
Teak Plantations
Bali Crafts Sites
Email
Company Name: CV MAYA Tax id: 02.612.185.5-903.000
Ph.(62 81) 353357458 Cel/WhatsApp: +628179731022 Skype cvmaya
Indonesian teak furniture made of teak root wood and reclaimed teak. Rustic furniture for indoor and outdoor made in Java and Bali by teak furniture factory and manufacturer with years experience export furniture worldwide. Factory direct price.
Terms
and Conditions : How to Order | Production Lead Times | Payment | Bills
of Lading | Privacy
Indonesia Teak Furniture Company
Teak Furniture Made in Indonesia
Teak bench made in Indonesia Garden furniture
teak wood
To place an order is easy. Please email
us your order list. Tell us in your email what you need. When sending
us email with inquiry for our teak wood furniture. We need to know from
you the following matters:
Product Code
Quantity needed per product code
Shipping port
Once we receive your order list, we will
reply with a proforma invoice. This is NOT final invoice. You're welcome
to change your order. Please email back the invoice, we will make the
final invoice for you with shipping included.
Remember that we're furniture wholesaler. Minimum of US$ 1,000 per shipment
apply. This minimum not include shipping charge.
PRODUCTION LEAD TIMES
As our furniture are made to order so lead time of each products is
varies depend on the item, your order quantities and our production
load. However we will keep you well inform about production progress.
Payment terms:
50% of deposit is required to start the production
50% remaining is needed after your order completed and ready to deliver
Payment is made by bank transfer only. Sorry, no LC or credit card
Bills of Lading
Bills of Lading will only be dispatched after full payment is credited
to our bank account.
Shipping Insurance
Shipping insurance is available at customers request.
Bank Charges
All bank charges are the responsibility of the customer.
Freight
You may nominate your own freight forwarder or shipping company, or
we can find one that suits you best.
Container Information
Legal Entitlement
We holds legal title to the container contents until full settlement
is credited to our bank account.
To combine furniture order
with handicrafts order in one shipment is possible. This is even recommended
since furniture takes space and there're many empty space in container.
Please browse our sister site www.Balifurnish.com for
Bali
handicrafts, garden decorations and home accents.
This is a large site with many small handicrafts which good to fill
empty space in your container. Other handicrafts which good to fill
empty space in your container is the bamboo root ducks. This is very
popular in Europe.
PRIVACY
We will never ever sell your personal information. We obviously need
your name, address, phone, email, etc. to do business. But all that
information stays with us. We will never share your personal information
with anyone else. Our sole purpose is to deal with you one-on-one. We
will only use your email address, phone number, etc. for communication
to you. We will not ever sell or share your private information with
others for any purpose. Your private information is secure with us.
We promise.
Your privacy is our main concern. We use a totally secure
server that will encrypt your credit card and other private information.
We also keep your shipping and billing information private and secure.
Our only goal is to do business with you. We do not sell or use your
personal information in any manner other than to contact you for updated
information about our products, to verify your orders and to alert you
when your order has been shipped. Our business involves selling products
and mailing catalogs. Obtaining shipping addresses and credit card information
related to sales is needed in order to conduct business, but we in no
way share the information with anyone. All of your private information
stays with us. We despise spam and work to eradicate it. We are totally
against email harvesting and the practice some sites use to collect
data for marketing reasons. This is an invasion of privacy and we are
against this. In fact, we don't even have a clue how this is done. We
are only here to provide you with the best customer service products
at the best prices we can offer. We have no dealings with any data marketing
companies. We want you to feel secure when dealing with us.
Thank-you again for allowing us to sell you our products.
We know every order you send to us is very important to you. We know
you want it perfect and in a very timely manner. You have our promise
that we will do our best for you.
If you have problem ordering our products, simple
send your question to us using inquiry form
Searching for
teak root
furniture made in Indonesia ? teak root garden furniture.
Very unique, strong and natural furniture. Made of teak tree root.
Go to teak
root furniture page...
Teak
Root Table
Teak
Root Chair
Teak
Root Bench
Teak
Root Bowls
Rustic
Furniture
Bali home accents products from our sister site
www.Balifurnish.com. Many handicrafts made in Indonesia. Accessories, arts
crafts and home decors. To combine order for this site and order for Balifurnish.com
is possible. We're under the same company, CV Maya.
Indonesia Teak Furniture Home | Shop | Contact Indonesia Teak Furniture | Indonesia
Teak Furniture Site Map