https://www.cenlar.com/privacy-policy/
Loan Servicing
Why Cenlar
Branded Service Options
Cenlar Subservicing Benefits
Transition to Cenlar
About
History
Management Team
Ratings
Community Involvement & Corporate Responsibility
News
Events
Careers
Search Job Opportunities
View Job Listing
Opportunities for College Students and Graduates
Upcoming Career Events
Contact Us
Learn More About Subservicing
Business Partner Log-In
Borrower Log-In
Privacy Policy
We Respect Each Customer’s Right to Privacy
We have always recognized and been guided by the belief that protecting each person’s right to privacy is fundamental to the quality of customer relationships. Given the rapid pace of technological advancement in our society, the need to protect personal privacy has become even more important.
To let customers know the high priority we place on protecting privacy, we want you to be aware of the principles we follow when collecting, maintaining, using, and safeguarding information about your relationship with us, whether collected electronically or otherwise. Our Principles of Privacy are as follows:
We recognize and respect each customer’s expectation that privacy be protected.
We will collect and use only that information about our customers needed for legitimate business purposes.
We will strive to maintain information about our customers that is both accurate and complete.
We will aim to limit access to information about our customers to those authorized individuals who have a legitimate need to know.
We will maintain security measures that guard access to and disclosure of information about our customers.
We will not disclose information about accounts or transactions to outside parties unless there is an appropriate legal or business justification.
We will ask outside parties who process information about our customers to abide by Our Principles of Privacy.
Online Privacy Principles
You don’t want any of your personal information to fall into the wrong hands, whether electronically or otherwise. Neither do we.
There are several opportunities on our websites for you to provide us with information about yourself, including your name, mailing address, e-mail address, and other information that may be required to render the services you select online. If you choose to share any personal information with us, we may store it and use it for marketing research and other marketing purposes, which may include sharing it with other companies in our family and with our business partners. This information, including any non-public personal information that you voluntarily provide to us, will be captured and stored in our secure databases and will be used to render the online services that you select through our websites. This may include information that you may have provided to us through other methods, which we make available for you for your online review and/or update as a part of providing the online services you have selected. We do not share this non-public personal information with any third-parties except for our business partners as required for the sole purpose of rendering the services that you have requested.
When you visit one of our websites, we may also collect and store information about your visit on a semi-anonymous, aggregate basis. This information may include the time and length of your visit, the pages you look at on our sites, the IP address that is registered to you when you connect to us, and the site you visited just before coming to ours. We may also record the name of your Internet service provider. Although we utilize this passive collection approach, it is performed merely to understand the general online activities associated with your use of our websites. This information does not permit us or any third-parties to obtain physical or online contact with you. We use this information only to measure site activity and to develop ideas for improving our websites.
Some of our websites also make use of “cookie” technology to measure site activity and to customize information to your personal tastes. A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser for storage. Cookies do not themselves contain any confidential information about you. They cannot be used to capture your e-mail address, obtain data from your hard drive, or gain confidential or non-public personal information about you. A cookie deposited by us simply lets us manage your current on-line session with us and lets us recognize you on your next visit to our websites, permitting us to tailor information to suit your preferences. Our goal is to save you time and provide you with a more meaningful visit.
As related to our collection of semi-anonymous aggregate usage data, and as related to our use of cookie technology, our websites do not currently support the use of any web-browsers’ “Do Not Track” settings. Use of these settings in your browser, or any other technical means used to communicate such preferences, will not alter or affect the functionality of our websites. We will still collect the semi-anonymous aggregate data about your use of our websites and we will still utilize cookie technology to enable your website session.
In the process of providing online services to you via our websites, we may transfer or link your session to a third-party website to provide selected services or functions. These third parties are our business partners and their websites have been qualified to support the privacy and security of your information in an equivalent manner to our own websites. We do not permit these third-parties to collect personal information from you for the purpose of either selling or marketing through other organizations. Any session transfers or links provided are for the sole purpose of enabling and providing the online services that you have selected. Such third party website providers may also perform aggregate usage tracking or they may utilize cookie technology for the purpose of improving your website experience.
We will never sell confidential or non-public personal information about your accounts to any other company. From time to time, however, we may learn of reputable outside companies offering products or services that we believe could benefit you. We may share limited information, such as your name, address, and telephone number, with such companies. You can be certain that we share only with businesses which abide by our policies.
We use advanced technology to protect electronic customer information. We guard the privacy of data sent to and from our websites. In addition to the security and privacy standards we employ for traditional banking, we use specific controls to identify and authenticate all our online customers and to detect and prevent unauthorized access to our websites.
At any time, you may ask us to modify any information you have earlier provided. You may also direct us not to share your personal information among affiliates or with other external business partners and/or to cease contacting you through postal or electronic mail or by telephone. Just contact us via e-mail.
You take online privacy seriously, and so do we. It’s our way of sustaining your trust in us and our products and services.
We reserve the right to alter our online privacy principles as business needs and technological developments require. Any alterations to these principles will be posted on our website in a timely manner.
For California Consumers OnlyDo Not Sell My Personal Information
Sign in to your account
Account Login
Username
Password
Sign in
Forgot your password?