http://www.appraisers.org/About/privacy-statement
Consumers  |  News  |  Advocacy  |  About  |  Contact Us
Need Help? Call 800-ASA-VALU
Education
Educational Foundation
My ASA Courses
Events
Calendar of Events
2020 ASA International Conference
Past Event Recordings
National ASA Courses
National Course Policies
eLearning
National Class Schedule
Virtual Class FAQs
Local Chapter Courses
Resources
University Partner Program
Intangible Asset (IA) Program
Going Concern Program
Aircraft Valuation Program
CEIV Program
ARM Certificate of Completion
Podcasts
Credentials
AM & ASA
Accreditation Guides & Forms
Professional Education Equivalency
CEIV™ Certification
Apply Now!
Education Requirements
Experience Requirements
Mandatory Performance Framework
Recertification Requirements
Quality Monitoring Program
Frequently Asked Questions
Master Gemologist Appraiser
Membership
Why Choose ASA
Join ASA
Requirements
Ally Program
Affiliate Membership
Student Affiliate Program
Rising Stars Program
2020 Rising Stars Award
ASA Member Benefits
Advancements & Certifications
ASA Member Resources
Member Memorials
Marketplace
Find an Appraiser
Job Bank
History of ASA
Advocacy
ASA PAC
PAC Contribution Center
ASA Leadership
ASA Board and Committees
Regions and Chapters
College of Fellows
Educational Foundation
Creating a Legacy
NAIFA Education & Research Trust
Standards, Ethics & Conduct
Strategic Partners
Contact ASA
Home/ About/ Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement The American Society of Appraisers (“ASA,” “we,” “us” and “our”) respects individual privacy and values the confidence of our members and affiliates. This Privacy Policy sets out the privacy principles that we follow with respect to the collection, use and disclosure of information that you may provide through this ASA Web Site (http://www.appraisers.org referred as the “website”). Please read this entire Privacy Policy before using this website or submitting information to ASA through this website. By using the ASA website, you consent to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy or practices, please contact us by any of the methods described below. If you do not agree with our policies, your choice is to not use the ASA website or provide ASA with your information.
Collected Information
It is ASA’s general policy not to collect user’s personal information from the website. However, when users join ASA as members, subscribe to ASA publications, register for educational programs or events, or otherwise contact ASA by e-mail or the website’s designated contact section, in order for ASA to respond, users may be asked to provide personal information from which you can be identified, such as your name, date of birth, postal and e-mail address, phone number and credit card information. ASA only collects personally identifiable information you voluntarily submit to ASA.
When you terminate your membership or ASA website account access, ASA may continue to share information about you according to our legal and regulatory requirements. We will use the information you provide us solely for the purpose of providing you with information that ASA believes may be of interest to you, providing you with information and materials you have requested, administering our relationship with you and for internal business purposes such as ASA research and development projects.
Sharing and Disclosing Information
We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy.
Your personal information may be used within ASA or by a company acting as an agent of ASA for processing and mailing purposes. In addition, ASA may sell its mailing lists through an approved third party vendor, provided that all requests are relevant to the interests of ASA members and pre-approved by ASA. ASA may also use this information for performing marketing studies, research projects, or for other commercial purposes for which it may receive compensation. If ASA collects credit card information through this website, such information will be used to fill your order, but ASA will not share your personal payment information with third parties. ASA may disclose to carefully chosen third parties navigational and transactional information in the form of anonymous, aggregate usage statistics and demographics, but only in forms that do not reveal a website user’s identity or confidential information. Other than the information disclosed above, we do not sell your personal information to, or share such personal information with, third parties for their promotional use or for marketing purposes. Third parties refer to any entity not within the ASA organization structure.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, ASA may disclose your personal information as required by law or as needed in legal proceedings when ASA believes in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud or respond to a government request.
In addition, in the event of a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of our assets to a third party, we may also disclose your personal information to the third parties concerned or their professional advisors. In the event of such a transaction, the personal information held by ASA will be among the assets transferred to the buyer.
Security Measures
This website has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under ASA’s control. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) as part of the registration process, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
When you submit information to ASA through our website, you should be aware that your information is transmitted across the Internet and that no method of transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. Although we take reasonable security measures to protect your information when we receive it, you also need to ensure you take appropriate steps to protect your information.
Retention
We will retain your information as long as your account is active, as necessary to provide you with the services or as otherwise set forth in this Policy. We will also retain and use this information as necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy and to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements and protect ASA's legal rights. We also collect and maintain aggregated, anonymized or pseudonymized information which we may retain indefinitely to protect the safety and security of our site, improve our services or comply with legal obligations.
Communications from ASA
We will not send you promotional information without your prior consent and you can change your mind at any time by contacting us. If you no longer wish to receive ASA’s promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each communication or by e-mailing asainfo@appraisers.org, or by mailing: American Society of Appraisers
ATTN: Member Services
11107 Sunset Hills Rd Suite 310
Reston, VA 20190 International Website Access and Cross-Border Data Transfers
If you are visiting the ASA website from outside the United States, your information will be transferred to, stored and processed in the United States where our servers are located and ASA is based.
In addition, information that ASA collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which ASA operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.
Access and Correction/Notice to All Users
If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire communications or information from ASA, you may correct, update, amend or deactivate it by making the change by contacting us at asainfo@appraisers.org.
You may request a copy of the information ASA holds about you so you can correct or amend information that may be inaccurate or incomplete by e-mailing asainfo@appraisers.org. In addition, we will ask you to provide sufficient evidence of your identity for your own protection, so we can ensure that information is being released to the correct person. We will respond to your request to access within 30 days.
To request the deletion of your information, please contact us by e-mailing asainfo@appraisers.org. In some cases, our business requirements and legal obligations may prevent us from being able to delete your information. If we are unable to delete your information we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Data Deletion Requests (“Right to Erasure”, “Right to be Forgotten”)
ASA does collect personally identifiable information during the routine registration process on the ASA website. This information may be transferred to, stored and processed in the United States where our servers are located and ASA is based.
At any point, you have the right to request the ASA removes and deletes all personally identifiable information pertaining to yourself from all ASA databases. Requests to delete personally identifiable information can be sent to the contact e-mail listed in the “contact” section.
Cookies
The ASA website uses cookies and other tracking technologies for the purposes explained below. We treat information collected by cookies and other tracking technologies as non-personal information. However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal information by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal information. Similarly, to the extent that non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
When you visit our website, we assign your computer one or more “cookies.” A cookie is a small text file that contains information that can later be read by us to facilitate your access to our website and personalize your online experience. We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies.
Specifically, we use session-based cookies in order to store language and other country specific preferences such as support contact information. ASA may also utilize cookies in order to track internal metrics of site usage. At no time will this information be provided or sold to any third party affiliates or marketing companies. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser.
A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser’s “help” file.
A cookie does not give us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. However, this may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
ASA may also use web beacons, clear gif technology, action tags or other technologies to collect aggregate Site visitation data by tracking how users navigate to and through the Site. We may also use this technology to track the delivery of HTML e-mail messages. Web beacons cannot be declined when delivered using a regular web page, but they can be refused when delivered by e-mail. If you do not wish to receive web beacons by e-mail, you will need to disable HTML images or select text only for e-mails received with your e-mail software.
ASA may also track activity on our website using log files stored on our servers, and collect information, including IP addresses, browser types and versions, geographic information, pages viewed and devices used to interact with the Site. We may use this information to personalize your experience and to administer our website. ASA may use a web analytics service, such as Google Analytics, to record and analyze your activity on this Site. The Site or any such service may track your browsing across web sites that use the same service and may collect demographic data, including the type of computer or operating system, location of user (e.g., city, state, country) and gender.
Links to Other Websites
The ASA website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our website, you should note that we do not have any control over that other websites. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information that you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this Privacy Policy. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the web site in question.
Social Media Widgets
The ASA website includes social media features, such as the LinkedIn, Twitter, and YouTube buttons that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Protection of Children’s Personal Information
The ASA website is intended for adults, such as ASA members and affiliates. ASA does not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13. Please contact ASA at asainfo@appraisers.org if you suspect that ASA has collected any such information. If ASA learns that we have collected the personal information of a child under 13 without verifiable parental consent, ASA will take steps to delete the information as quickly as possible.
European Union Users
Data protection law in Europe requires a "lawful basis" for collecting and retaining personal information from citizens or residents of the European Economic Area. Our lawful bases include:
Performing the contract we have with you: In certain circumstances, we need your personal data to comply with our contractual obligation to deliver the services, enable creators to establish and display their projects, and enable backers to find and make pledges to them.
Legal compliance: Sometimes the law says we need to collect and use your data. For example, tax laws require us to retain records of pledges and payments made through our services.
Legitimate interests: This is a technical term in data protection law which essentially means we have a good and fair reason to use your data and we do so in ways which do not hurt your interests and rights.
We sometimes require your data to pursue our legitimate interests in a way that might reasonably be expected as part of running our business and that does not materially impact your rights, freedom or interests. For example, we use identity, device and location information to prevent fraud and abuse and to keep the services secure. We may also send you promotional communications about our services, subject to your right to control whether we do so. We analyze how users interact with our site so we can understand better what elements of the design are working well and which are not working so well. This allows us to improve and develop the quality of the online experience we offer all our users.
Amendments
ASA may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will update you by means of a notice on this Site prior to the changes taking effect. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices and this Privacy Policy.
Contact
If you have questions, data erasure requests, comments, and/or complaints regarding ASA’s Privacy Policy or how we collect, transmit, and process data please contact us by e-mailing asainfo@appraisers.org, or by mailing: American Society of Appraisers
ATTN: Member Services
11107 Sunset Hills Rd Suite 310
Reston, VA 20190
Effective Date: July, 2018
American Society of Appraisers 11107 Sunset Hills Rd
Ste 310
Reston, VA 20190
(800) ASA-VALU
800-272-8258
asainfo@appraisers.org
Education
National Class Schedule National Course Policies eLearning Local Chapter Courses Healthcare Valuation
Membership
Join Member Benefits Credentials Reaccreditation
Disciplines
Appraisal Review & Management Business Valuation Gems & Jewelry Machinery & Technical Specialties Personal Property Real Property
About
Regions and Chapters
Upcoming Events
2021 Energy Valuation Conference
12th International Valuation Conference - Riyadh
View All
Privacy Policy | Contact Us  Terms of Use | Sitemap Social Media Policy
Copyright © 2020 American Society of Appraisers. All Rights Reserved.