http://www.worldofgelato.com/pages/privacy-policy
Search
Home
Shop Online
Cups & Lids
Spoons & Spatulas
Pans & Liners
Ice Cream Party Packs
Takeout Containers
Gelato & Coffee Accessories
Macaron & Dessert Trays
Popsicle Accessories
Gelato Display Case
Small Quantity Orders
Custom Printed Products
EuroFreddo Freezer
Equipment
Batch Freezers
Soft Serve Freezers
Pastry Chef
Ageing & Mixing
Hot Chocolate
Turbo Mix
Blast Freezer
Granita
Shake & Slush
Whipped Topping
Display Cases
Gelato & Ice Cream
Pastry & Bakery
Chocolate
Panini
Hot & Bain Marie
Prepared Food
Grab-n-Go
Cafeteria
Meat, Fish & Cheese
Upright Glass Door Freezers & Refrigerators
Gelato Classes
Design/Build
Design & Consulting
3 Step Process
Service & Logistics
News
Contact Us
Sign in
Create an Account
Menu
Cart 0
Home
›
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy statement covers the site www.WorldofGelato.com. Because this Web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to our users’ privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices.
What personally identifiable information WorldofGelato.com collects.
What personally identifiable information third parties collect through the Web site.
What organization collects the information.
How WorldofGelato.com uses the information.
With whom WorldofGealto.com may share user information.
What choices are available to users regarding collection, use and distribution of the information.
What types of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under WorldofGelato.com control.
How users can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
If users have questions or concerns regarding this statement, they should email: support@worldofgelato.com or call: (800) 896-4484.Information Collection and UseInformation CollectionWorldofGelato.com, Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on www.worldofgelato.com. WorldofGelato.com collects information from our users at several different points on our Web site.RegistrationDuring registration, a user is required to give contact information (such as name and email address). We use this information to contact the user about services on our site for which he has expressed interest. It is optional for the user to provide demographic information (such as income level and gender), and unique identifiers (such as username and password), but encouraged so we can provide a more personalized experience on our site.OrderWe request information from the user on our order form. A user must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer’s orders. If we have trouble processing an order, the information is used to contact the user.ProfileWe store information that we collect through cookies, log files, clear gifs, and/or third parties to create a profile of our users. A profile is stored information that we keep on individual users that details their viewing preferences. Consequently, collected information is tied to the users personally identifiable information to provide offers and improve the content of the site for the user. This profile is used to tailor a user’s visit to our Web site, and to direct pertinent marketing promotions to them. We do not share your profile with other third parties.CookiesCookies are small pieces of information saved by your browser onto your computer. Cookies are used to remember various aspects of your visit. This information is used by WorldofGelato.com to guarantee a consistent and uninterrupted experience. Cookies will allow you to revisit without losing many of your settings. We do not use cookies to save personal information for outside uses.By setting a cookie on our site, users would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If users reject the cookie, they may still use our site. The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas of our site.Log FilesLike most standard Web site servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.Communications from the Site
Special Offers and UpdatesWe send all new members a welcoming email to verify password and username. Established members will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see the Choice and Opt-out sections. NewsletterIf a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information such as name and email address. Out of respect for our users privacy we provide a way to opt-out of these communications. Please see the Choice and Opt-out sections.Service AnnouncementsOn rare occasions it is necessary to send out a strictly service related announcement. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance we might send users an email. Generally, users may not opt-out of these communications, though they can deactivate their account. However, these communications are not promotional in nature. Customer ServiceWe communicate with users on a regular basis to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account we reply via email or phone, in accordance with the users wishes.
Sharing
Legal DisclaimerThough we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our website.
Aggregate Information (non-personally identifiable)We share aggregated demographic information with our partners. This is not linked to any personally identifiable information.These are the instances in which we will share users’ personal information:Third Party IntermediariesWe use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. Business TransitionsIn the event WorldofGelato.com goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, users’ personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred.Choice/Opt-outOur users are given the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for information.Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying to unsubscribe in the subject line in the email or email us at support@worldofgelato.com or the user may contact us at (800) 896-4484 to opt-out.Users of our site are always notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties. We do this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether or not they should proceed with services that require an outside party. LinksThis Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, WorldofGelato.com, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site. Tell-A-FriendIf a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend’s name and email address. WorldofGelato.com will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. WorldofGelato.com stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.SecurityThis Web site takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the Web site, their information is protected both online and off-line.When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when users are just ‘surfing’.If users have any questions about the security at our Web site, users can send an email to support@worldofgelato.com .Modifying Personal InformationIf a user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address), or if a user no longer desires our service, we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate users’ personally identifiable information. This can be done at the member information page or by emailing our Customer Support at support@worldofgelato.com .Notification of ChangesIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.If, however, we are going to use users’ personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users via email.Contact InformationIf users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:Phone:(800) 896-4484Fax: (631) 981-3509Email: support@worldofgelato.comPostal Address: WorldofGelato.com,Inc.51 Trade Zone Drive Ronkonkoma, NY 11779