https://www.comptia.org/privacy-statement
Home
Privacy Statement
Privacy PolicyThis policy describes how The Computing Technology Industry Association, Inc. (“CompTIA”) collects, uses, and shares personal information. Please note: This policy does not cover the CompTIA store. You can view the privacy policies for the store HERE.
You can jump to particular topics by going to the headings below:
Types Of Information We Collect.Use And Processing Of InformationSharing Of Information.Your Choices.How We Protect Personal InformationMiscellaneousContact Information
Types Of Information We Collect.The following provides examples of the type of information that we collect from you and how we use that information.ContextTypes of DataPrimary Purpose for Collection and Use of DataAccount Registration or Membership ApplicationWe collect your name, contact information, and professional information such as your company or industry when you create an account. We also collect information relating to the actions that you perform while logged into your account.We have a legitimate interest in providing account related functionalities to our users. Accounts can be used to save your preferences and transaction history.CertificationWe collect attendance records from events, meetings, or examinations, as well as the information you enter on exams (which may include video of you and your surroundings if you select the online testing option), customer service interactions,
and any certification verification requests that you have made.We have a legitimate interest in ensuring that our certification standards are being met, including when and how our members are verifying those certifications.Cookies and first party trackingWe use cookies. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to a computer’s hard drive while a web site is viewed.We have a legitimate interest in making our website operate efficiently.Cookies and Third Party TrackingWe participate in behavior-based advertising, this means that a third party uses technology (e.g., a cookie) to collect information about your use of our website so that they can provide advertising about products and services tailored to
your interests on our website, or on other websites.We have a legitimate interest in engaging in behavior-based advertising and capturing website analytics.Demographic InformationWe collect personal information, such as your age, gender, or location.We have a legitimate interest in understanding our users and providing tailored services.Email InterconnectivityIf you receive email from us, we use certain tools to capture data related to when you open our message, click on any links or banners it contains and make purchases.We have a legitimate interest in understanding how you interact with our communications to you.Feedback/SupportIf you provide us feedback or contact us for support we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content that you send to us, in order to reply.We have a legitimate interest in receiving, and acting upon, your feedback or issues.Mailing ListWhen you sign up for one of our mailing lists we collect your email address or postal address.We share information about our products and services with individuals that consent to receive such information. We also have a legitimate interest in sharing information about our products or services.Mobile DevicesWe collect information from your mobile device such as unique identifying information broadcast from your device and location when visiting our website or using our application.We have a legitimate interest in identifying unique visitors, and in understanding how users interact with us on their mobile devices.Partner PromotionWe collect information that you provide as part of a co-branded promotion with another company. We may also have service providers collect information on our or our partners’ behalf.We have a legitimate interest in fulfilling our promotions. SurveysWhen you participate in a survey we collect information that you provide through the survey. If the survey is provided by a third party service provider, the third party’s privacy policy applies to the collection, use, and disclosure
of your information.We have a legitimate interest in understanding your opinions, and collecting information relevant to our organization.Website interactionsWe use technology to monitor how you interact with our website. This may include which links you click on, or information that you type into our online forms. This may also include information about your device or browser.We have a legitimate interest in understanding how you interact with our website to better improve it, and to understand your preferences and interests in order to select offerings that you might find most useful. We also have a legitimate
interest in detecting and preventing fraud or other security incidents.Web logsWe collect information, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to a computer when the Internet is used), domain name, click-activity, referring website, and/or
a date/time stamp for visitors.We have a legitimate interest in monitoring our networks and the visitors to our websites. Among other things, it helps us understand which of our services is the most popular.In addition to the information that we collect from you directly, we may also receive information about you from other sources, including third parties, our affiliates, or publicly available sources. For example, we may receive information on graduates
from a university or an employer.Use And Processing Of Information.
In addition to the purposes and uses described above, we use information in the following ways:
To identify you when you visit our website.
To track your progress through our certification programs.
To verify your certifications when requested by you or a third party.
To provide training and services or to process returns.
To improve our services and product offerings.
To conduct analytics.
To respond to inquiries related to support, sales, or other requests.
To send marketing and promotional materials, including information relating to our products, services, sales, or promotions.
For internal administrative purposes, as well as to manage our relationships.
Although the sections above describe our primary purpose in collecting your information, in many situations we have more than one purpose.
For example, if you register for membership we may collect your information to perform our contract with you. But we also collect your information as we have a legitimate interest in maintaining your information after your membership concludes so that we can quickly and easily respond to any questions about your history with the organization.
As a result, our collection and processing of your information is based in different contexts upon your consent, our need to perform a contract, our obligations under law, and/or our legitimate interest in maintaining our programs.
Sharing Of Information.In addition to the specific situations discussed elsewhere in this policy, we disclose information in the following situations:Affiliates and Acquisitions. We may share information with our corporate affiliates (e.g., parent company, sister companies, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control). If another company acquires, or plans
to acquire, our company, business, or our assets, we will also share information with that company, including at the negotiation stage.Other Disclosures with Your Consent. We may ask if you would like us to share your information with other unaffiliated third parties who are not described elsewhere in this policy.Other Disclosures without Your Consent. We may disclose information in response to subpoenas, warrants, or court orders, or in connection with any legal process, or to comply with relevant laws. We may also share your information
in order to establish or exercise our rights, to defend against a legal claim, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property, or a violation of our policies, or to
comply with your request for the shipment of products to or the provision of services by a third party intermediary.Public. Some of our websites may provide the opportunity to post comments, or reviews, in a public forum. If you decide to submit information on these pages, that information may be publically available. Partner Promotion. We may offer contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions with third party partners. If you decide to enter a contest, sweepstakes, or promotion that is sponsored by a third party partner the information that you
provide will be shared with us and with them. Their use of your information is not governed by this privacy policy.Service Providers. We may share your information with service providers. Among other things service providers may help us to administer our website, conduct surveys, provide technical support, process payments, and assist in the fulfillment
of orders.
Your Choices.You can make the following choices regarding your personal information:Access To Your Personal Information. You may request access to your personal information by contacting us at the address described below. If required by law, upon request, we will grant you reasonable access to the personal information
that we have about you.Changes To Your Personal Information. We rely on you to update and correct your personal information. Most of our websites allow you to modify or delete your account profile. Note that we may keep historical information in our backup
files as permitted by law. If our website does not permit you to update or correct certain information contact us at the address described below.Deletion Of Your Personal Information. Typically we retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. You may,
however, request information about how long we keep a specific type of information, or request that we delete your personal information by contacting us at the address described below. If required by law we will grant a request to delete information,
but you should note that in many situations we must keep your personal information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, or for another one of our business purposes.Objection to Certain Processing. You may object to our use or disclosure of your personal information by contacting us at the address described below.Online Tracking. We do not currently recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include "Do Not Track" instructions.Promotional Emails. You may choose to provide us with your email address for the purpose of allowing us to send free newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials to you, as well as targeted offers from third parties.
You can stop receiving promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in e-mails that you receive. If you decide not to receive promotional emails, we may still send you service related communications.Revocation Of Consent. If you revoke your consent for the processing of personal information then we may no longer be able to provide you services. In some cases, we may limit or deny your request to revoke consent if the law permits
or requires us to do so, or if we are unable to adequately verify your identity. You may revoke consent to processing (where such processing is based upon consent) by contacting us at the address described below.
How We Protect Personal InformationNo method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is fully secure. While we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure, we cannot guarantee the security of your
personal information. In the event that we are required by law to inform you of a breach to your personal information we may notify you electronically, in writing, or by telephone, if permitted to do so by law.Some of our websites permit you to create an account. When you do you will be prompted to create a password. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, and you are responsible for any access to or use of your account by
someone else that has obtained your password, whether or not such access or use has been authorized by you. You should notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account.
MiscellaneousThe following additional information relates to our privacy practices:Transmission Of Information To Other Countries. As a multi-national non-profit we transmit information between and among our affiliates. As a result your information may be processed in a foreign country where privacy laws may be
less stringent than the laws in your country. Nonetheless, where possible we take steps to treat personal information using the same privacy principles that apply pursuant to the law of the country in which we first received your information.
By submitting your personal information to us you agree to the transfer, storage and processing of your information in a country other than your country of residence including, but not necessarily limited to, the United States. If you would like
more information concerning our attempts to apply the privacy principles applicable in one jurisdiction to data when it goes to another jurisdiction you can contact us using the contact information below.Third Party Applications/Websites. We have no control over the privacy practices of websites or applications that we do not own.Changes To This Privacy Policy. We may change our privacy policy and practices over time. To the extent that our policy changes in a material way, the policy that was in place at the time that you submitted personal information to
us will generally govern that information unless we receive your consent to the new privacy policy.Information for California Residents. California Civil Code 1798.115(c), 1798.130(a)(5)(c), 1798.130(c), and 1798.140 indicate that organizations should disclose whether certain categories of information are “sold” or
transferred for an organization’s “business purpose” as those terms are defined under California law. You can find a list of the categories of information that we share here. Please note that because this list is comprehensive
it may refer to types of information that we share about people other than yourself. If you would like more information concerning the categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for those parties to use
for direct marketing please submit a written request to us using the information in the "Contact Information" section below.
Contact Information.If you have any questions, comments, or complaints concerning our privacy practices please contact us at the appropriate address below. We will attempt to respond to your requests and to provide you with additional privacy-related information.privacyteam@comptia.org1-(866)-835-8020
If you are not satisfied with our response, and are in the European Union, you may have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority. EU data subject may also inquire about our privacy practices by contacting us as set forth below:CompTIA UK Ltd.1 Ropemaker StreetLondon, England EC2Y 9AWprivacyteam@comptia.orgLast Revised: April 21, 2020Effective Date: April 21, 2020
Copyright © CompTIA, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Sitemap
Terms of use
Privacy Statement
Trademarks
We use cookies that improve your experience with the website, keep statistics to optimize performance, and allow for interaction with other platforms.
For more information please view our Privacy Statement.
Close