https://www.judge.com/news/the-judge-group-achieves-hitrust-csf-certification-to-further-mitigate-risk-in-third-party-privacy-security-and-compliance/
Loading
x
Your search results for
Results (0)
All
Pages
Blogs
Awards
Case Studies
News
Offices
Leadership
Results (0)
All
Pages
Blogs
Awards
Case Studies
News
Offices
Leadership
News
Home » News » The Judge Group Achieves HITRUST CSF® Certification to Further Mitigate Risk in Third Party Privacy, Security and Compliance
The Judge Group Achieves HITRUST CSF® Certification to Further Mitigate Risk in Third Party Privacy, Security and Compliance
(Wayne, PA) – The Judge Group, a leading global provider of professional services, announced today that its Evercare system has earned certified status for information security by HITRUST.
HITRUST CSF Certified status demonstrates that Judge’s Evercare system has met key regulations and industry-defined requirements and is appropriately managing risk. This achievement places Judge in an elite group of organizations worldwide that have earned this certification. By including federal and state regulations, standards and frameworks, and incorporating a risk-based approach, the HITRUST CSF helps organizations address these challenges through a comprehensive and flexible framework of prescriptive and scalable security controls.
“At Judge it is our top priority to protect our clients’ and contractors’ information by providing and demonstrating best-in-class data security and privacy,” said Marty Judge, III, CEO, The Judge Group. “Today’s organizations are under great pressure to meet complex compliance requirements that include technical and process elements such as HIPAA, NIST, ISO, and COBIT. The HITRUST CSF is the gold-standard in security certifications, and Judge is proud to be able to practice its commitment by achieving HITRUST CSF Certification.”
“HITRUST has been working with the healthcare industry to ensure the appropriate information protection requirements are met when sensitive information is accessed or stored in a cloud environment. By taking the steps necessary to obtain HITRUST CSF Certified status, The Judge Group is distinguished as an organization that people can count on to keep their information safe,” said Ken Vander Wal, Chief Compliance Officer, HITRUST.
The Judge Group, headquartered in suburban Philadelphia, is located at 151 South Warner Road, Wayne, PA 19087. The office can be reached at 1-800-650-0035. To learn more visit  www.judge.com.
About The Judge GroupThe Judge Group is a leading professional services firm specializing in talent, technology, and learning solutions. Our services are successfully delivered through a network of more than 35 offices in the United States, Canada, India, and China. The Judge Group serves more than 40 of the Fortune 100 and is responsible for over 7,000 professionals on assignment annually across a wide range of industries.
Working at the crossroads of people and transformative technologies, The Judge Group delivers innovative business solutions – powered by top talent – to help organizations reach their strategic goals and realize opportunities now and in the future.
Press Contact for The Judge Group:Ryan MillerMarketing Manager                            (610) 667-7700rmiller@judge.com
RECENT POSTS
Judge Learning Solutions Receives the Brandon Hall Group Gold Award
...
The Judge Group announces Dennis McDonald as Senior Vice President,
...
Judge Learning Solutions Named to 2020 Training Industry Top 20 Trai ...
The Judge Group wins ClearlyRated’s 2020 Best of Staffing Client a ...
Judge India wins Innovation Initiatives award in Indian Startup Conv ...
Judge Consulting Group: Announcing New Centers of Excellence
The Judge Group Achieves HITRUST CSF® Certification to Further Miti ...
CATEGORIES
Center of Excellence (1)COE (1)Judge News (5)Learning (1)Offshore (1)Staffing (1)
PREV
NEXT
PREV
NEWS HOMEPAGE
NEXT
Join Our Winning Team
We are always looking to add talented professionals to our team. Advance your career with Judge.
Apply Now
Let’s Continue the
Conversation.
Tell us how we can help you and we’ll be in touch soon.
How can we help?
Tell us who you are
I represent a business
I am a current contractor / employee
I represent a supplier
Tell us your area of interest
I am interested in hiring a temporary worker or contractor
I am interested in hiring full time employees
I am interested in buying consulting or project based services
I am interested in learning solutions
I am interested in outsourcing solutions
Other
I have a time sheet / log in question
I have a payroll / tax question
Other
I would like to do business with Judge
I am currently doing business with Judge and have a question
Please enter a valid email address.
Invalid Phone Number
Please check the box to prove that you are not a robot.
(800) 360-4474
|
Email Us
|About Us
|Contact Us
|Careers
|Locations
|Blogs
|Timesheets
Privacy & Cookies Policy
|
CCPA
|
Sitemap
| Copyright © 2020 The Judge Group, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
We use cookies to collect and analyze information on site usage and performance. By clicking
ACCEPT or continuing to
use this site, you agree to allow cookies to be placed. If you are a resident of California, we have updated our
Privacy Policies to include additional rights afforded by the California Consumer Privacy Act,
click here to
read how we handle your personal information. To find out more visit our Privacy & Cookies policy.