http://www.walker.com/privacy-policy
Model S
Model C
Model T
Model D
Model R
Model B
Model H
Compare
Collection
Mulching
Discharge
Attachments
Implements
Options
CUSTOM HTML HERE
Advantage
Products
Model S
Model C
Model T
Model D
Model R
Model B
Model H
Compare Models
Collection
Mulching
Discharge
Attachments
Implements
Options
Support
News
Find A Dealer
How To Buy
Try A Walker
Search
WALKERMOWERS.COM | PRIVACY POLICY
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form. When registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, email address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in a variety of ways, including one of the following ways: To personalize your experience, to improve customer service, or to send periodic emails. The email address you provide will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your request. If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personally identifiable information to third or outside parties. We may release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of people who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. All information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed by authorized personnel.
How can I control or delete my information?
At any time, you may file a User Access Request (or, Subject Access Request) for a complete report of all of your information in our possession or for your information to be deleted from our system. Upon request, we will delete all of your information from our website within 30 days from the initial request. Once this information is deleted, it is completely wiped from our system. We will no longer be able to access any of your information or re-enable your account. By default, there is no expiration date on user information submitted through Walker.com. To file a User Access Request, contact us at webmaster@walkermowers.com.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Do we use cookies?
Yes, [Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information]. We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to this Privacy Policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below. This policy was last modified on May 25, 2018.
Contacting Us:
For questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact us: 5925 E Harmony Rd Fort Collins, CO 80528 United States - Email
Walker Websites:
Walker Mowers
Walker Talk Magazine
Walker Ware Gear
Walker Dealer
Site Search
Advantage
Productivity
Beautiful Cut
Property Studies
Calculator
Media
Videos
Newsletter
Subscribe
Graphics
Media Kit
Tractors
S14i | S18
C19 | C19i
T23 | T27i
D21d
R21
B18 | B19 | B23i | B27i
H24d | H27i | H37i
Decks
Collection
Side Discharge
Rear Discharge
Mulching
Add-ons
Attachments
Implements
Options
Support
Contact Us
Download Manuals
Find a Service Center
Dealer Login
Buy
Retail Financing
Request A Demo
Find a Dealer
See the Walker
About Us
Our Story
Factory Tour
What We Believe
Leadership
Employment
Become A Walker Dealer
Walker Hymn Sing
Contact
800-279-8537
5925 E. Harmony Rd
Fort Collins, CO 80528
(map)
Message Us
COPYRIGHT ©2020 WALKER MANUFACTURING
LEGAL | PRIVACY