http://www.alltiresupply.com/policies/privacy-policy
Sign In
Category
Tire Changer
Wheel Balancer
Tire Repair Supplies
Tire Repair Tools
Mount / Demount Tools
Tire Changing Tools
Wheel Weights
Tire Valves
More...
Brands
Quick Order
Deals
Info & Support
Order Status
Contact Us
COVID-19 Prevention
FAQ
Government
1 (713) - 956 - 6665
0
Search
Privacy policy
PRIVACY STATEMENT
This is the website operated by All Tire Supply Our postal address is
All Tire Supply7820 Pinemont Dr. Houston, TX 77040
We can be reached via support@alltiresupply.com.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's IP address. The E-mail address is only accepted if you register and log in. We collect information of visitors to our Web page, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, and geo-location of the user. The information we collect is used for internal review to improve the website. We use cookies to record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart as well as the last login email address. If you supply us with your postal address online, you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with the information regarding orders they have placed on-line. Upon request, we offer visitors no ability to have factual inaccuracies corrected in information that we maintain about them. We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site as described above in the "Security Section." If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number, state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau.
CUSTOMER INFORMATION
All Tire Supply Values the trust you place in us and recognizes the need for appropriate protection and management of the personal information you share with us. This privacy policy is designed to explain what information we may collect, how we use this information, and the choices you have regarding the use and retention of this information.
COLLECTING INFORMATION
All Tire Supply gathers customer information as needed to provide service, communicate offers on merchandise and services which we believe will be of interest to you and to administer our business. When you purchase or order a product, subscribe to our newsletter, or a service we provide, we may request information such as your name, address, telephone number, email address, and credit card information. Also, our web server will automatically gather information about your visit to our site, such as your browser type, what pages have been viewed, the time of visit, etc. You may access, update, or delete any personal information you submit to the website by contacting us using any of the contact points listed at the bottom of this privacy statement.
COOKIES
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by the browser on your hard drive. The cookies used by All Tire Supply do not contain personally-identifying information such as your name, or sensitive information such as your credit card number. We use cookies to store your preferences and record session information such as shopping cart items and past activity on our site to allow us to recognize you when you return to our website and to provide you with the experience we feel will be of value to you.
All Tire Supply Reserves the right to contract with third parties who may use cookies and collect information on our behalf. We prohibit the sharing of this information by third parties with anyone other than All Tire Supply.
THIRD-PARTY COOKIES
The use of cookies by our partners, affiliates, tracking utility company, service providers is covered by our privacy statement. We do not have access or control over these cookies. Our partners, affiliates, tracking utility company, service providers use session ID cookies in order to compile aggregated statistics and help determine the effectiveness of joint promotional or advertising efforts.
WEB BEACONS
Our Web pages contain electronic images known as Web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel gifs) and are used along with cookies to compile aggregated statistics to analyze how our site is used and may be used on some of our pages to let us know which links have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of our customer communications and marketing campaigns. WHAT DOES All Tire Supply DO WITH THIS INFORMATION?
The information you provide is used by us to process your order or provide you with a requested service, such as our online newsletter. It may also be used to confirm and track your order, notify you of new products, events, and limited-time offers. We will never share your information with third parties unless as disclosed in this privacy statement.
You may receive periodic mailings from us on new products, services, and limited-time offers if you have provided us with your mailing address. However, you may opt-out of these mailings by merely contacting All Tire Supply by phone or email or writing to us at our mailing address.
All Tire Supply may contact you by phone regarding an order placed by you, information, or services you've requested. We may also contact you regarding upcoming events, sales, or new product introduction that may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive phone contact from us, please let us know by contacting us by phone, email, or in writing to our mailing address. Please note that All Tire Supply will not share, rent, or sell your telephone number to any other company or organization.
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web sites.
SERVICE PROVIDERS
We use other third parties to provide credit card processing, shipping orders, and the Live Chat function on our site. When you purchase a product or log in to the Live Chat, we will share personal information as necessary for the third party to provide that service. These third parties are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any other purpose.
EMAIL
At alltiresupply.com, we do not share your email address with other companies or organizations. However, your email address may be used internally to conduct business, including confirming orders, answering questions, provide our newsletter as requested, and other customer-related services. You may choose to opt-out of receiving news and information by email only by contacting us by email, phone, or in writing. In such instances, you will continue to receive email contact about any current or outstanding order you have with us. LINKS
alltiresupply.com may contain links to other websites not affiliated with All Tire Supply, including websites of vendors and/or service providers. All Tire Supply is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site to read the privacy statements before providing information, as they may differ from ours.
DATA RETENTION
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at Contact Us Form. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
OUR SECURITY PRACTICES
Security and satisfaction is our primary goal. All information provided by you is confidential and will not be released to any third parties. To ensure confidentiality, we use the SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) protocol for transferring data. SSL is a cryptosystem that creates a secure environment for the information being transferred between your browser and our Server. Our physical location is protected against loss, theft, or misuse of information via appropriate security measures. Also, when a secure transmission needs to be made when sensitive information is being transmitted, alltiresupply.com uses SSL Encryption to ensure your credit card information is secure.
HTTP - HyperText Transfer Protocol. The standard protocol for transmitting Web pages on the Internet.
HTTPS - HTTP Over SSL (Secure Socket Layer). Protocol enabling the secured transmission of Web pages.
If you are filling out personal information on a website like your address or credit card information, make sure the address bar where the website starts with HTTPS. HTTPS ensures that the website has an SSL service, which avoids hackers from stealing any data transmitted. SSL makes a clear hacker-free channel for your data to go directly to the credit card company without being interfered with by anyone.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or utilizing a notice on our home page.
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube