http://www.rusbiz.com/privacy.html
Rusbiz | Global E-commerce Network | Web Store & Buy/Sell Solutions.
RUS |
ENG
Register |
Log in
|
Bookmark |
FAQ |
Business Contacts
Companies
Trade Leads
E-Catalog
Marketplace
My Business
Home
To Buy
Find products on eMarketplace
Find products in eCatalog
Search SELL trade leads
Post a BUY trade lead Find suppliers
To Sell
Add products to eCatalog
Post a SELL trade lead
Post an offer on eMarketplace
Search BUY trade leads
Find buyers
Advertise with Rusbiz
Contacts
Find a partner
Find a contact
Invite to contacts
Premium membership
Ezine
Resources
News
Trade leads
eMarketplace
Company directory
eCatalog
B2B portal development
Advanced search
Rusbiz partnership
You are not logged in
Products
Companies
All
At Rusbiz.com,
we place the highest priority on protecting the integrity of all of
your data, whether about you, your company, your transactions or your
products. Rusbiz.com has created this privacy statement in order to
demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses
the information gathering and dissemination practices for the Web
site: http://www.rusbiz.com
Registration
Process
1. Rusbiz.com is a business-to-business transactional marketplace
or exchange with many different features. Although, some features
of Rusbiz.com are available to anonymous users, users who wish to
take full advantage of Rusbiz.com must register, and then be authorized
by Rusbiz.com, prior to making transactions. By registering, users
take advantage of various personalized features such as the ability
to invoke unique functions, work in the marketplace and enjoy content
based on one's unique individual profile.
2. During registration, users must supply information required to
enable transactions, including, but not limited to username, password,
shipping address, email address etc. Contact information from the
registration form is used to facilitate the user's ability to transact
business on the site, and to contact the user when necessary. We
do not resell personally identifiable information to other companies.
You may also choose not to receive non-transaction-related mailings
from us by sending mail to info@rusbiz.com
3. Whenever you send us personal correspondence, such as email or
letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence
about your activities or postings on the site, we may collect and
store such information.
4. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. Rusbiz.com
uses this information to tailor our service to suit the needs of
our users. This is essential to making our service the best it can
be. We do not share information about individual users with any
third party except as described in this Privacy Policy and the Terms
and Conditions.
Supplementation of Information
This site supplements the information that you provide with information
that is received from third parties. For instance, verification
of information provided during the registration process might be
required before your account is activated.
Information Logged
In the course of your use of our site, we automatically track certain
information about you. This information may include the URL that
you just came from (whether this URL is on our site or not), which
URL you next go to (whether this URL is on our site or not), what
browser you are using, and your IP address. Many sites automatically
collect this information. This information is used in aggregate
form to help us improve our site and our users' experiences with
our site. When users request a page from our site, our servers log
the user's current IP address. We use your IP address to help diagnose
problems with our servers and to administer our Web site. We do
not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable.
Use of Personally Identifiable Information;
Aggregated Information
We will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information
to anyone. We may, however, sell or exchange aggregated information
without obtaining your consent. Aggregated information is that which
describes the collective habits and other common traits of all our
members as a group, and which never identifies a particular individual
and/or company or anything personal about him or her.
We may send personally identifiable information about you to other
companies or people when:
We have your consent to share the information;
We need to share your information to provide
the product or service you have requested or to consummate the
transaction for the sale or purchase of products by you through
the Exchange once an offer has been accepted, forming the basis
for an agreement between a Buyer and a Seller (as such terms
are defined in the Terms and Conditions of Use);
We respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal
process or otherwise need to comply with applicable law;
We are attempting to enforce the terms of the
Terms and Conditions of Use or other applicable provisions to
which you have agreed to be bound; or
We find that your actions on our web sites violate
the Terms and Conditions of Use or any other terms of use posted
at Rusbiz.com, or any of our usage guidelines for specific products
or services.
Specifically, you grant Rusbiz.com, Inc. the right
to post your equipment listing or any other product related data
on co-branded web sites and Rusbiz.com's strategic partners' Web
sites; provided that, any such disclosures will exclude your user
name, password and account number, except as specifically authorized
by you or as required by any applicable law or legal process served
on Rusbiz.
External Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that
we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and
to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects
personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies
solely to information collected by this Web site and service.
Security
At Rusbiz.com, we appreciate your concerns about the security of
your confidential online business transactions. Rusbiz.com takes
security measures to protect sensitive information passed between
our site and your computer during transactional sessions.
We use Secure Socket Layers to encrypt the information you send
us during a session related to login, your money account and credit
card transactions. From the moment you enter the member’s
only area “My Account” of Rusbiz.com or the transaction
part when you order a service to the moment you leave, all data
transferred between your browser and our servers is encrypted. This
insures that everything from your user name and password to your
internal document numbers and order details are never passed across
the Internet "in the clear".
We also take advantage of a state-of-the-art, secure computing infrastructure
at our ISP combined with our own security measures that provides
the highest levels of physical, machine, application, and operating
system security for data that resides in Rusbiz.com databases.
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse,
and alteration of the information under our control, including the
use of firewalls and encryption where appropriate.
Children
The Rusbiz.com service is not available to children under the age
of 18. If we become aware that a user under the age of 18 has registered
or is attempting to register with Rusbiz.com, we will notify the
user that he is not eligible to become a member. We will also expunge
any personally identifiable information from our records, barring
that which is used to block the child from our service.
Editing and/or Deleting Account Information
You may edit your account information at any time by visiting the
following web page:
Update Personal
Information
Updates to This Policy
This privacy policy will be updated periodically to reflect changes
in our technology or business processes. Changes to the privacy
policy will be posted here when they occur. It is our policy to
comply with all applicable laws and regulations, as they may be
modified from time to time. If any portion of this privacy statement
conflicts with any applicable law or regulation, the applicable
law or regulation will supersede the conflicting part of this privacy
statement.
The parties confirm that these terms and all related documentation
are and will be drafted in English.
about us
terms and conditions
privacy policy
b2b sites
reciprocal links
contact us
site map
Copyright © 2002-2009. ZAO Sozvezdie Nakosy. All Rights Reserved.