https://www.eiki.com/cookie-policy/
Login
USA website Germany & Austria Eastern Europe China Southeast Asia Japan Worldwide
You are here: Home | Cookie Policy
Search
Cookie PolicyCookie Policy
Last updated: May 18, 2018
The Eiki.com website uses cookies, in combination with local storage objects, and similar devices (collectively, “cookies” unless otherwise noted) to distinguish you from other users of the Eiki.com website. This helps us provide you with a good experience, improve our service, and to personalize ads and content to you while you use the Eiki.com website.
This cookie policy (“Cookie Policy”) describes the types of cookies we use on the Eiki.com website and our purposes for using them.
If you have questions about this Cookie Policy, or if you would like a detailed list of the cookies that we currently use on the Eiki.com website, please contact us at privacy@quora.com. For more information about our privacy practices, please review our privacy policy: www.quora.com/about/privacy/.
Your Consent
You consent to placement of cookies on your browser by us and our third party service providers. Please read this Cookie Policy carefully for details about why we use cookies and the information they collect from and about you.
Withdraw Your Consent at Any Time
If you do not wish to accept cookies in connection with your use of the Eiki.com website, you will need to delete, and block or disable cookies via your browser settings; see below for more information on how to do this. Please note that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of the Eiki.com website, and may prevent you from being able to access certain features on the Eiki.com website.
What Is a Cookie?
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your device. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies as soon as you visit the Eiki.com website.
Key Concepts
First and third-party cookies: whether a cookie is 'first' or 'third' party refers to the domain placing the cookie.
First-party cookies are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by http://www.quora.com).
Third-party cookies are cookies that are set by a domain other than that of the website being visited by the user. If a user visits a website and another entity sets a cookie through that website, this would be a third-party cookie.
Persistent cookies: these cookies remain on a user’s device for the period of time specified in the cookie. They are activated each time that the user visits the website that created that particular cookie.
Session cookies: these cookies allow website operators to link the actions of a user during a browser session. A browser session starts when a user opens the browser window and finishes when they close the browser window. Session cookies are created temporarily. Once you close the browser, all session cookies are deleted.
How to Delete and Block our Cookies
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies), you may not be able to access all or parts of the Eiki.com website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies as soon as you visit the Eiki.com website.
Changing your Cookie Settings. The browser settings for changing your cookies settings are usually found in the 'options' or 'preferences' menu of your internet browser. In order to understand these settings, the following links may be helpful. Otherwise you should use the 'Help' option in your internet browser for more details.
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari
More information. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
What Cookies Do We Use and Why?
Generally the Eiki.com website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of the Eiki.com website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse the Eiki.com website and also allows us to improve it.
The cookies we may use on the Eiki.com website may be categorized as follows:
Strictly necessary
Performance
Functionality
Targeting
Some cookies may fulfill more than one of these purposes.
'Strictly Necessary' cookies let you move around the Eiki.com website and use essential features like secure areas. Without these cookies, we cannot provide the requested services.
We use these Strictly Necessary cookies to:
Identify you as being logged in to the Eiki.com website and to authenticate you
Make sure you connect to the right service on the Eiki.com website when we make any changes to the way it works
For security purposes
Accepting these cookies is a condition of using the Eiki.com website, so if you prevent these cookies we can't guarantee how the Eiki.com website or the security on the Eiki.com website will perform during your visit.
'Performance' cookies collect information about how you use the Eiki.com website e.g. which pages you visit, and if you experience any errors. These cookies do not collect any information that could identify you and are only used to help us improve how the Eiki.com website works, understand the interests of our users, and measure the effectiveness of our advertising.
We use performance cookies to:
Carry out web analytics: Provide statistics on how the Eiki.com website is used
Perform affiliate tracking: Provide feedback to affiliated entities that one of our visitors also visited their site
Obtain data on the number of users of the Eiki.com website that have viewed a product or service
Help us improve the Eiki.com website by measuring any errors that occur
Test different designs for the Eiki.com website
Some of our performance cookies are managed for us by third parties.
'Functionality' cookies are used to provide services or to remember settings to improve your visit.
We use 'Functionality' cookies for such purposes as:
Remember settings you've applied such as layout, text size, preferences and colors
Remember if we've already asked you if you want to fill in a survey
Remember if you have engaged with a particular component or list on the Eiki.com website so that it won’t repeat
Show you when you're logged in to the Eiki.com website
To provide and show embedded video content
Some of these cookies are managed for us by third parties.
‘Targeting’ cookies are used to track your visit to the Eiki.com website, as well other websites, apps and online services, including the pages you have visited and the links you have followed, which allows Eiki.com website to display targeted ads to you on the Eiki.com website.
We may use targeting cookies to:
Display targeted ads within the Eiki.com website.
To improve how we deliver personalized ads and content, and to measure the success of ad campaigns on the Eiki.com website.
Additional Information About Advertising and Analytics
Eiki.com website Opt-Out Options
Third Party Analytics and Advertising
Facebook
Facebook Connect. For more information about what Facebook collects when you use Facebook buttons on the Eiki.com website, please see: Data Policy.
Facebook Ads. For more information about what Facebook collects and your choices around Facebook Ads, please see: AdChoices.
Twitter. For more information about what Twitter collects when you use Twitter buttons on the Eiki.com website or visit pages on the Eiki.com website that include these buttons, please see: https://twitter.com/en/privacy.
LinkedIn. For more information about what LinkedIn collects when you use LinkedIn buttons on the Eiki.com website or visit pages on the Eiki.com website that include these buttons, please see Privacy Policy | LinkedIn.
Google Analytics: For more information about Google Analytics cookies, please see Google's help pages and privacy policy:
Google's Privacy Policy
Google Analytics Help pages
Google has developed the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on; if you want to opt out of Google Analytics, you can download and install the add-on for your web browser here.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google uses cookies to help us analyze how users use the Eiki.com website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Eiki.com website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA. On behalf of the Eiki.com website, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Eiki.com website, compiling reports on your activity for us and third parties who help operate and provide services related to the Eiki.com website. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of these cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser as discussed in this notice. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Eiki.com website. Furthermore, you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
Further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at http://www.google.com/analytics/... or at https://www.google.de/intl/en_uk....
Please note that on the Eiki.com website, Google Analytics code is supplemented by “gat._anonymizeIp();” to ensure an anonymized collection of IP addresses (so called IP-masking).
More Information About Targeted Advertising By Third Parties
A guide to behavioral advertising and online privacy that has been produced by the internet advertising industry can be found at: http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
For more information about and to opt out of interest based ads from many ad networks, go to:
U.S.: www.aboutads.infoInternetAdvertisingBureau
Canada: www.youradchoices.ca
European Union: www.youronlinechoices.eu/
More Information About Cookies
International Chamber of Commerce United Kingdom
Information on the ICC (UK) UK cookie guide can be found on the ICC website:
International Chamber of Commerce UK - Digital Economy.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more