https://www.uschartco.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
This statement discloses the privacy, security, and information management guidelines that serve as the basis for our user relationships with respect to users of websites published by www.futureseducation.com and The Greatest Business on Earth or GBE (www.gbemembers.com or www.gbebinary.com) (collectively, “GBE”). GBE is owned by Barchart.com, Inc. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy. Our Privacy Policy is subject to change.
What information does GBE collect?
By registering with GBE or signing up to receive a newsletter or special offer from GBE, we will automatically opt your email address into our email lists, where we will look to send you relevant content, including special offers, webinars, educational booklets, and promotions. We may also physically mail special offers, educational booklets and promotions to the mailing address you provide to us. You can opt-out at anytime (opt-out details are below).
We collect information others give to us to make sure that the data you provide is accurate and up-to-date, such as information provided by the postal service.
GBE maintains logs which contain information on anonymous users such as IP address, browser type, operating system, and referring web page. We use this information to track usage and diagnose bugs. We also gather regular statistical information regarding site usage, browser information, OS, device and network information, and user interaction on our various websites and services from all users without any personally identifiable information.
GBE requires personal data, and, without such, gaining access may not be possible. When you create an account, we collect personal data such as your name, address, company, telephone number, email address, username, password and financial information corresponding to your applicable method of payment (e.g., payment card information).
We may also collect:
Device Information. We collect data from the devices and applications you use to access our Services, such as operating system version, device type, system and performance information and browser type. We may also infer your geographic location based on your IP address or using your device’s native features.
Survey Data. We will occasionally post surveys on our sites. Participation in GBE surveys is voluntary, and information collected from surveys will be used to improve GBE user experience and our services.
Other Data. We may collect your personal information or data if you submit it to us in other contexts (e.g., sales inquiries, customer support requests, feedback forms, etc.).
Other Email Information. We may track interaction within any email sent such as opens or click-throughs as well as the email client used (e.g., Gmail, Yahoo, Outlook, etc.) and/or device and OS.
Does GBE use cookies?
To optimize the user experience GBE may make use of cookies technology. We may use cookies and other storage methods to target ads via third party providers, keep temporary user preferences per the user’s device, or for some mapping services we offer. GBE also uses functional cookies to enhance the performance of our websites and services which are unrelated to collecting or storing personal information.
How do I opt-out of commercial email communications from GBE?
Commercial email communications from GBE come with an unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email where you can opt-out of future such marketing communications. You can also email GBE at removeme@gbemembers.com at any time and request to be removed from one or all of our email lists.
How do I opt-out of promotional physical mailings from GBE?
You can opt-out of promotional physical mailings from GBE at any time. Please email your name and address to removeme@gbemembers.com and request to be removed from our physical mailing list. Or mail your request to GBE using the contact information below.
Can you opt-out of providing personally identifying information or receiving marketing messages?
You may opt-out altogether from providing personally identifying information to us by not registering with GBE and thereby not providing personal information, or by not visiting the GBE sites. You can delete your GBE account by emailing us at removeme@gbemembers.com. Such a request must include your user name. If you choose not to register or provide mandatory information in the registration form, GBE will not be fully accessible to you. You can edit your account information at any time. Commercial email communications from GBE come with an unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email for you to opt-out of future such marketing communications.
How does GBE protect its content and user information?
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to protect the information we collect online, including security for credit card submissions. Such commercially reasonable precautions, however, do not absolutely guarantee the absolute protection of your personally identifying information. You must understand that there will always be some risk that any personally identifying information that you provide to us may be released without our permission or knowledge.
What does GBE do with the information it gathers and/or tracks?
GBE uses information for the following general purposes: to fulfill your requests for products and services, to process and collect your payments, to fulfill orders and contractual obligations, to fulfill customer support requests, to customize the advertising and content you see, to improve our services, to contact you, to conduct research, and to provide trend reporting for internal and external clients.
GBE may also display targeted advertisements based on personal information. Advertisers (including ad serving companies) may assume that people who interact with, view, or click targeted ads meet the targeting criteria—for example, people trading agricultural products from a particular geographic area.
We may send you certain communications relating to the GBE service, such as service announcements, administrative messages and the GBE Newsletter, that are considered part of your GBE account.
With whom does GBE share the information it gathers and/or tracks?
We share all information we collect about our current and former customers with our affiliates (members of our corporate family). We share information to process transactions, respond to your inquiries, or provide information about the products or services that we offer.
We share certain nonpublic personal information provided by current customers (name, address, telephone, and email address) with select non-affiliated third parties (companies outside our corporate family) such as financial services providers (securities brokerages, etc.) that would like to offer you their products or services that might be of interest to you.
We share certain nonpublic personal information of former customers (name and address) with non-affiliated third parties (companies outside our corporate family) such as direct marketers that would like to offer you their products or services that might be of interest to you.
We may also share information about you, current and former customers, including personally identifying information, if sought by legal process or requested by law enforcement, or in order to protect the rights and property of GBE or the safety of our users or the public, or to protect against unauthorized use of our site.
GBE sometimes utilizes email service providers for its commercial email communications which requires providing personal information, such as email address, to the email service providers for the purpose of using their service to send commercial emails. GBE utilizes third-party processors for sending physical mailings which requires providing personal information, such as name and address to third-party processors for the purpose of using their service to print and mail physical mailings.
If GBE is acquired by another company or otherwise merged into another company, we will transfer collected registrant and user information subject to this policy to a successor. In the event that information will be subject to a materially different privacy policy, GBE or its successor will provide notice.
How long does GBE store the data it collects?
GBE can store usage data for the life of the service starting from its release date. Personal data can be stored indefinitely or until a request has been made to delete the data.
Security Breach Notification
In the event of a security breach that exposes your personal information, GBE shall notify you that there has been a breach of the system containing your Personal Information and related details. The notification will be done as quickly as possible and will be reported to any required authorities.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our customers who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information about the personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to:
The Greatest Business on Earth877 NE 7th StreetGrants Pass, OR 97526ATTN: California Privacy Rights
To contact GBE or if you have any additional questions, please visit the contact page or use the information below.
Phone: (541) 955-2700
The Greatest Business on Earth877 NE 7th StreetGrants Pass, OR
97526