https://www.wedb.com/privacy-policy/
From Concept to Construction ™
Menu
Northern Virginia703-288-3090
Washington D.C.202-333-3422
Menu
HomeOur Services
Residential Remodeling
Kitchen Remodeling Bathroom Remodeling Basement Refinishing
Home Additions Condo Remodeling Commercial Remodeling Outdoor Living Architectural & Design
Our ProcessGallery
2nd St. NE 49th St. NW Ellicott St. Finkel Rd. Herbert Rd. Kentucky Ave. Nebraska Ave. Outdoor Spaces Condo Projects Commercial Projects
Contact UsBlog
Privacy Policy
We Design Build > Privacy Policy
This privacy policy (the “Policy”) is intended to inform you of the types of information We Design Build (“we” or “us”) collects, as well as our policies and practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of that information through the web pages at www.wedb.com (the “Site”).
Please read this Policy carefully, because by using the Site, you are acknowledging that you understand and agree to the terms of this Policy, and consent to the manner in which we may collect, use and disclose the foregoing information. If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy, please do not use the Site.
We reserve the right to change the provisions of this Policy at any time. We will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the Policy the date it was updated. We encourage you to review this Policy from time to time to make sure that you understand how any Personal Information you provide will be used. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
This Policy applies solely to information collected by the Site. It will notify you of the following:
What Information Do We Collect?
How Do We Use Your Information?
Do We Share Your Information?
Your Privacy Rights — Access to and Control Over Information
Does This Policy Apply to Other Websites Linked To Or From the Site?
Do We Collect Information From Children Under the Age of 13?
What Steps Do We Take To Protect Your Information?
What Information Do We Collect?
Personal Information You Provide to Us – We only have access to and collect personal information (such as your name, date of birth, social security number, credit card number, mailing or billing address, telephone number, or email address, and email preferences (collectively, “Personal Information”)) that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent your Personal Information to anyone. We are the sole owners of the Personal Information collected on this Site.
Information Collected by Automated Means – Whenever you use the Site, we, as well as any of our third-party advertisers and/or service providers, may use a variety of technologies that automatically collect information about how the Site is accessed and used (“Usage Information”). Usage Information may include, in part, browser type, operating system, the page served, the time, how many users visited the Site, and the website you visited immediately before the Site. This statistical data provides us with information about the use of the Site, such as how many visitors visit a specific page on the Site, how long they stay on that page, and which hyperlinks, if any, they “click” on. Usage Information helps us to keep the Site fresh and interesting to our visitors and to tailor content to a visitor’s interests. Usage Information is generally non-identifying, but if we associate it with you as a specific and identifiable person, we treat it as Personal Information.
Device Identifiers – In the course of collecting Usage Information we may also collect your IP address, MAC Address or other unique identifier (each a “Device Identifier”) for the computer, mobile device, Wi-Fi card, or other technology (collectively, “Device”) you use to access the Site. A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device when you access a web site or its servers. Our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier. When you visit the Sites, we may view your Device Identifier. We use this information to identify repeat visitors to our Site. We also may use this information to send you targeted advertisements and to enhance the Site. We may associate your Device Identifier with your Personal Information.
How Do We Use Your Information?
We will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us. We will also use your information as follows:
Registration – A user may need to first complete a registration form in order to use the Site. During registration, a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our Site in which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about yourself, but it is not required.
Orders – We may request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this contact information to contact you.
Surveys and contests – From time-to-time, our Site may request information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this Site.
Customer Service – Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this Policy.
Chat – Our Site may use chat functionality to enable direct communication with you through our Site. We will primarily use such information to assess your needs and to gain your contact information so that we may contact you to further discuss our products and/or services.
Do We Share Your Information?
We will not trade, rent, share or sell your Personal Information to third parties, unless you ask or authorize us to do so.
Unless you ask or provide your consent to do so, we will not share your Personal Information with any third party outside of our organization, other than with our service providers, including as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order. Only employees who need the Personal Information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to Personal Information. The computers/servers in which we store Personal Information are kept in a secure environment.
We may share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any Personal Information that can identify any individual person.
We will disclose Personal Information when we believe in good faith that such disclosures (a) are required by law, including, for example, to comply with a court order or subpoena, or (b) will help to: enforce our policies; enforce contest, sweepstakes, promotions, and/or game rules; protect your safety or security, including the safety and security of property that belongs to you; and/or, protect the safety and security of our Site or third parties. In addition, if We Design Build or all of its assets are acquired, all of the data collected by us through the Site and through other means and services provided by us would be among the transferred assets.
Your Privacy Rights — Access to and Control Over Information
We offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Information. If you receive promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further promotional communications from us and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the promotional email you receive or by contacting us directly at the email address or phone number given on our Site. We do not charge for this service, and your opt-out request will be processed within 30 days of the date on which we receive it.
You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our Site:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Notify us if you do not want us to share your Personal Information for marketing and promotional purposes.
Does This Policy Apply to Other Websites Linked To Or From the Site?
The Site may contain links to other websites. Any Personal Information you provide on linked pages or sites is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party’s privacy policy. This Policy does not apply to such linked sites, and we are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of these websites or any other sites that are linked to or from the Site. We encourage you to learn about their privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with Personal Information.
Do We Collect Information From Children Under the Age of 13?
The Site is not intended for use by children under the age of 13, and We Design Build does not knowingly collect or use any Personal Information from such children. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected Personal Information from a child under the age of 13, we will make commercially reasonable efforts to delete such Personal Information from our database.
What Steps Do We Take To Protect Your Information?
We take measures designed to protect your Personal Information in an effort to prevent loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect Personal Information we process and maintain. Please be aware, however, that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. To protect the confidentiality of Personal Information maintained in your account, you must keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person. You are responsible for all uses of the Site by any person using your password. Please advise us immediately if you believe your password has been misused.
Miscellaneous
This Policy and the privacy practices of We Design Build will be subject exclusively to the laws of the State of Washington, DC in the United States. We Design Build makes no representation that this Policy and our practices comply with the laws of any other country or jurisdiction. Users of the Site who reside outside the United States do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. If you reside outside of the United States, by using the Site, you consent to the transfer, processing and use of your information outside your country.
Questions?
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at 2920 M Street NW, Suite 200, Washington, DC 20007, (202) 333-3422
Share
FREE ESTIMATE
Service NeededHome RemodelingAdditionsCondo RemodelingCommercial RemodelingOutdoor LivingArchitectural & DesignOther
Note: Your details are kept strictly confidential as per our Privacy Policy.
Our Values
Superior Design
Superior Craftsmanship
Licensed Architects
We are the architect and builder
We manage our own construction
Committed to environmental sustainability
Work with clients from concept to construction start to finish
Project Photo Gallery
Main NavigationHome
Our Process
Gallery
Contact Us
Blog
Privacy Policy
Our ServicesHome Additions
Kitchen Remodeling
Bathroom Remodeling
Basement Refinishing
Outdoor Living
Commercial Remodeling
Condo Remodeling
Architectural and Design
Contact Info
Washington D.C.
1050 30th St NW #217,
Washington, DC 20007 View Map
Phone: (202) 333-3422
Northern Virginia
8360 Greensboro Dr., Suite 323
McLean, VA 22102. View Map
Phone: (703) 288-3090
Home
Our Process
Privacy Policy
Copyright ©2017 We Design Build Architects - Builders, All Rights Reserved.
|
Website Design and Marketing by: D Graphic Studio