https://www.catelli.ca/en/privacy-policy/
×Please choose your retailer:
or
Find us in the real world Skip to content
Pastas Pasta By Brands Catelli® Classic Catelli Smart® Catelli Bistro® Catelli Express® Catelli® Gluten Free Catelli® Healthy Harvest® Catelli® Ancient Grains Catelli SuperGreens®View All Pasta by Shape Long Short Baking Soup/Mini ShapesView AllRecipesProject HungerAbout UsWhere to Find UsBuy Now Language:enfr
Close
Search
Search
Generic selectors
Exact matches only Exact matches only
Search in title Search in title
Search in content Search in content
Search in excerpt
Search in posts Search in posts
Search in pages Search in pages
Hidden
Hidden
Hidden
enfr BUY NOW orFind us in the real worldPrivacy policyEFFECTIVE DATE: June 22, 2018HighlightsHere at Catelli Foods Corporation (“we”, “us” and “our”) we know how much you value privacy, and we realize that you care about what happens to the information you provide us, so we have explained below how we collect, use, share, and store your information.By using any website which we link to this Privacy Policy (each a “Website”), or by choosing to submit personal information to us, you signify your consent to all of the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use this Website or submit any personal information to us.What information does this Privacy Statement apply to?This Privacy Statement applies to information that we collect through our Websites as well as information you provide to us directly as well as information we collect from third parties.  For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “Websites” includes social media platforms.What information do we collect?We collect the following types of information:Contact information (such as name, address, city, province/territory, postal code, email address and telephone number)Information that you choose to provide when signing up for promotions, clubs, and taste tests (such as your birth date, household information, income, marital status, and education)Information about your product preferencesContent you provide (such as photographs, videos, reviews, articles, comments, or any information you provide to us about your use of our products and services or regarding your workplace)Employment and employment application informationNon-personal information about your interactions with our Website(s), such as your browser information. If you access our Website from a mobile device, we may collect data about your device or your general geographic location as well. This information is collected from a variety of sources including information that you give us directly (for example during surveys, telephone calls, and Website registrations), information that we receive from our affiliated brands and other third party sources, and information automatically collected when you visit our Websites (such as via cookies or web beacons).Read more about the information we collect.How do we use your information?We use your information to provide you with products and services and to support our core business functions, such as responding to customer questions, service requests, customer service, product safety and improvement, marketing, authentication, loss and fraud prevention, public safety, and legal functions. We may combine all of the information that we collect and we may enhance data that we collect with data obtained from third parties.  Read more about how we use your information.How do we share your information?We may share your information with affiliated companies and subsidiaries as well as with business partners to assist us with carrying out the purposes identified in the Privacy Policy.  For example, we may use a third party service provider to assist us with our marketing. We may also disclose your information to third party service providers or business partners who help us with our business functions.  We may share your personal information if necessary to protect the safety, property, or other rights of us, our customers, or employees, or when permitted or required by law.  We may also share your personal information with your consent.  Your information may be stored in databases maintained by us or third parties that are located within and outside Canada, including in the United States, and countries where privacy rules differ and may be less stringent than those of the country in which you reside.  If you visit our Website, you consent to such cross-border transfers of personal data to the United States.  Read more about how we share your information.What choices do you have?We want to communicate with you about our brand and our products, but only in the ways that you agree to hear from us.  We will use a standard opt-in process for our marketing communications, meaning that you will receive marketing communications from us when you tell us you want to (for example, emails newsletters, special offers or discounts, or new product announcements).  We participate in interest-based or behavioral advertising.  This means that you may receive advertising on our Website or other websites that are tailored to how you browse or shop. Read more about how we use your information for targeted advertising, and how to opt-out.How do we use information from social media?We also collect information through social media. Read more about social media privacy.How can you contact us with questions or concerns?Please call us toll free at 1-888-293-1333.Full StatementCatelli Foods Corporation, (“we”, “us” and “our”), respects your concerns about privacy and values the relationship we have with you. This Privacy Statement describes the types of information we collect, how we use the information, with whom we share it, and the choices available to you regarding our use of your information. We also describe the measures we take to help protect the security of the information and how you can contact us about our privacy practices.1.  What information does this Privacy Statement apply to?This Privacy Statement applies to the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information by us on this website, through social media platforms, and through telephone, email communications, and other sources.  This Privacy Statement does not apply to third party websites that may be accessible through hyperlinks on this Website, which may have their own privacy policies that we encourage you to review.  Linking to a third party site does not mean that we endorse the site, any products or services described on the site, or any other material contained in a third party site.  To the extent any linked websites you visit are not owned or controlled by us, we are not responsible for such sites’ content, any use of the sites, or the privacy practices of the sites.  Please review the privacy policy on those other websites to see how they handle your personal and non-personal information.If you choose to use our Website in any way, such as browsing or interacting with it, you agree with the terms of our current Privacy Statement as posted here. If you do not agree with this Privacy Statement, you should not use our Website or otherwise provide us with personal information.  By using any Website which we link to this Privacy Statement, or by choosing to submit personal information to us, you signify your consent to all of the terms of this Privacy Statement.We may update or modify this Privacy Statement from time to time at our sole discretion, and will note the date of last update on the top of this page.  We encourage you to visit this area frequently to stay informed, as your continued use of our Website following the posting of changes to these terms means that you consent to such changes.2a. What information do we collect?We may obtain personal information about you from various sources. We may collect this information when you provide it on our Website, our social media platforms, in telephone or email communication, in connection with our social networking, or at one of our events. When you visit the Website, we may also collect certain information about your device or usage by automated means or by using technologies such as cookies, web server logs, and web beacons.2b. What types of personal information?You may choose to provide personal information to us in a number of ways, such as when you participate in an offer or promotion, or when you register for a particular feature on a Website.  The types of personal information you may provide to us include:Contact information (such as name, address, city, province/territory, postal code, email address and telephone number)Information that you choose to provide when signing up for promotions, clubs, and taste tests (such as your birth date, household information, income, marital status, and education)Product preferencesContent you provide (such as photographs, videos, reviews, articles, comments, or any information you provide to us about your use of our products and services or regarding your workplace)Employment and employment application informationIf you choose to interact on the Website – such as by registering; completing product reviews, taste tests, questionnaires, surveys, service contacts, or requests for information; entering sweepstakes or contests; or using social media platforms – we will collect the personal information that you provide as well as information about your use of our products and services.  If you provide us with personal information regarding another individual, you must have that person’s consent to give us his or her personal information.We may collect personal information about you that you provide through telephone or email communications.  In addition, we may collect information that is provided to us by social networks when you visit our social media platforms or use one of our social networking partner applications (such as your name, profile picture, likes, location and other information described in the social networking application sign-up page, or your general geo-location when accessing our website from a mobile device).2c. What other types of information?When you visit this Website or our online advertisements, utilize our services, open an email that we send you, or interact with social networking applications, we may collect information about your usage or device by automated means or by using technologies such as cookies, web server logs and web beacons. As set forth in more detail below, we may also collect information about your usage and browsing habits using various web-based technologies.Cookies: Cookies are small text files that websites send to your computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings in your browser. Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies and how to restrict or disable certain cookies. Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of our Website, or they may work less well. We use “cookies” to remember user preferences, to help maximize the performance of our website and services, and to enhance your user experience. We may use cookies that are managed by us or by third parties for the purposes provided below, including session management, authentication, Website analytics, advertising (including affiliate marketing), content management, search, and social media integration.Web server logs: In conjunction with obtaining information through cookies, our web servers may log details such as your operating system type, browser type, domain, and other system settings, as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone in which your device is located. The web server logs also may record information such as the address of the web page that linked you to our Website and the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet.Web beacons & pixels: To control which web servers collect information described above, we may place tags on our Website or in emails called “web beacons” or “pixels.” These are computer instructions that link web pages to particular web servers and their cookies. Web beacons and pixels can be used to track the pages you view on our site, links that you click, or other online behavior. These tools may also be used to measure the effectiveness of our email campaigns by identifying the individuals who open or act upon an email message, when an email message is opened, how many times an email message is forwarded, the type of software, device, operating system and browser used to deliver the email, and any URL accessed through our email message. Such tools are also used in connection with online advertisements on our Website and on third party websites to collect the same types of information with respect to individuals who click on advertisements.Other: We may use other technology to collect information for the purposes listed below, including advertising, analytics, content management, social media integration, search, tag management, testing, and understanding our customers better.Such technologies may permit collection of data elements such as demographic data (for example, information regarding the age range, interests or affinities of our visitors at the aggregate population level), browser type, MAC address and other device information such as your operating system and screen resolution, IP address, the page from which you navigated to our page, pages visited and actions you take on one of our websites (links clicked, videos viewed etc.), whether you have visited us before or are new to the Website, activities conducted on the page (such as search queries), general geo-location information (if you access our Website using a mobile device), and the day and time of your visit (“Site Usage Information”).At this time, we do not honor “do not track” signals from website browsers.  However, you may refuse or delete cookies.  If you refuse or delete cookies, some of the functionality of our Websites may be impaired.  If you turn off cookies, Web beacon and other technologies will still detect visits to our Websites, but the information they generate cannot be associated with other cookie information and are disregarded. Please refer to your browser Help instructions to learn more about how to manage cookies and the use of similar technologies.3. How do we use your information?We collect, maintain, and use your personal or non-personal information for the following purposes:helping to establish and verify the identity and eligibility of users;opening, maintaining, administering, managing, and servicing users profiles, accounts or memberships;providing products, services, and support, such as customer service;conducting special events, sweepstakes, surveys, programs, taste tests, contests, and other offers (and communicating with you about such events);analyzing and improving our products, services, or Website (including developing new products and services; improving safety; managing our communications; analyzing our products; performing market research; performing data analytics; and performing accounting, auditing and other internal functions);providing users with product, service, or company updates;marketing and advertising our products or services;responding to your inquiries or comments, or contacting you as necessary;operating and communicating with you about our social networking applicationsmaintaining the security and integrity of our systems;conforming to legal requirements or industry standards, complying with legal process, defending our legal rights, or protecting others;as part of a merger, acquisition, transfer, sale, corporate change, or any other transaction involving all or a portion of our assets, or should any such transaction be proposed; andfor other purposes which are disclosed to you and to which you consent.All information we collect may be aggregated together and merged or enhanced with data from other sources, such as third parties or our mobile application.  We may also collect and store information locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches.4. How do we share your information?With your consent, we may share your information with affiliated companies and subsidiaries as well as with business partners to assist us with carrying out the purposes identified in the Privacy Policy.  For example, we may use a third party service provider to assist us with our  marketing.We may also disclose your information to third parties who help us with our business functions, such as service providers or suppliers, and with business partners.  Such third parties are not authorized to use or disclose your information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements. Examples of these service providers include entities that provide web hosting and marketing services.In addition, we may share your information if necessary to protect the safety, property, or other rights of us, our customers, or employees, or when otherwise permitted or required by law.We may also share your personal information with your consent in certain circumstances.We reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event we sell, transfer, or engage in another transaction involving all or a portion of our business or assets, or undertake another form of corporate change, or should any such transaction be proposed. Following such a sale, transfer, or transaction, or corporate change, you may contact the entity to which we transferred your personal information with any inquiries concerning the processing of that information.Your information will be stored in our databases (including local storage), affiliated company databases, or databases managed by third party service providers, which are located within and outside of Canada, including in the United States.  Such data will be automatically transferred to these databases, which may be located in countries where privacy rules differ and may be less stringent than those of the country in which you reside. As a result, this information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in those jurisdictions according to laws in those jurisdictions. You consent to such cross-border transfers of personal data to the United States and such other jurisdictions.5.  How do we use Interest-Based Online Advertising and Analytics? We may use third party web analytics services such as Google Analytics on this Website or on social medial platforms. The service providers that administer these services use technologies such as cookies, web server logs and web beacons to help us analyze how visitors use the Website. The information collected through these means (including IP address) is disclosed to these service providers, who use the information to evaluate use of the Website. You can learn about Google’s practices, and your options to opt-out of them by going to google.com/policies/privacy/partners and http://youradchoices.ca/.We may use and disclose Site Usage Information to better understand the interests and behaviour of visitors and to help improve our Websites. We also use such information for purposes such as (i) customizing our users’ visits to our Website and mobile applications; (ii) delivering content (including advertising) better tailored to our users’ interests and the manner in which our users browse our Website and mobile applications; (iii) measuring and managing the advertising effectiveness of our online and offline advertisements and events; and (iv) managing our business. We also use this information to help diagnose technical and service problems, administer our Website and mobile applications, identify users of our Website and mobile applications, gather demographic information about our users and determine how much time users spend on web pages of our websites, how users navigate through our websites, and how we may tailor our websites to better meet the needs of our users.We also may contract with third-party advertising networks that collect IP addresses and other information through the use of cookies, web server logs and web beacons on our Websites and emails; on third-party websites and emails; and on our advertising placed on third-party websites. They use this information to provide advertisements about products and services tailored to your interests (including for companies not affiliated with us). You may see these advertisements on other websites for example, through the use of retargeting visitors to our websites on other sites, or displaying advertisements we think may suit your interests and preferences. This process also helps us manage and track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. For information on your ability to opt-out of this practice, please see “What choices do I Have?” below.6. What about social media platforms? Our Websites’ web pages may embed plugs-ins, widgets or other apps of various social media platforms, such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Pinterest, Instagram, and YouTube.  An example of such a plug-in is Facebook’s “Like” button.  When you encounter those embedded objects, your internet browser may make a direct connection to the social media platform’s service and may share with the social media platforms information such as which of our Websites you have visited.  Our Websites may also be made available through third party social media platforms.If you choose to interact with us using your social media account, we may collect certain information from your social media account including your public profile, user name, email address, birthday, stated location city and other interactions on that social media platform (such as interests and likes). The information we may have access to will vary by social media platform and is controlled by privacy settings on that platform and your choices on that platform.  Your use of services on third party social media platforms are governed by the privacy statement and other terms of use for that third party social media platform, until such information is shared with us, and then such information is also subject to this Privacy Statement.7. Is my information secure?We will take reasonable precautions to help protect your information from loss, misuse or alteration, including physical, technological, and organizational security measures. Personal Information may be accessed by persons within our organization, or our third party service providers, who require such access to carry out the purposes indicated above, or such other purposes as may be permitted or required by the applicable law. Personal Information we collect is managed from our offices located in Toronto or Montreal, Canada or in Houston, U.S.A.Please be aware, however, that any email or other transmission or information you send through the Internet cannot be completely protected against unauthorized interception. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us.8. Do we collect information from children?We do not intentionally collect personal information from children under 13 years of age, and children under age 13 should not submit any personal information to us.  If we become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, or a parent or guardian of a child contacts us through the contact information provided below, we will use reasonable efforts to delete the child’s information from our databases.9.  What choices do I Have? We want to communicate with you about our brand and our products, but only in the ways that you agree to hear from us.  You may “opt-out,” or unsubscribe from our newsletters, special offers or discounts, or other marketing communications by following the unsubscribe instructions in any e-mail or other communication you receive from us.  After doing so, you will not receive future promotional emails unless you sign up to receive newsletters or emails.  You may also continue to receive non-marketing communications about your account or purchases that you have made.  Please allow up to 10 business days to process your request.We also participate in interest-based or behavioral advertising.  This means that you may receive advertising on our website or other websites that are tailored to how you browse or use our Websites.  To opt-out of our behavioural advertising practices, visit google.com/policies/privacy/partners and http://youradchoices.ca/.10. How can I Access and Correct my Personal Information? If you have submitted information to us and you would like to have access to it, or would like to have it deleted from our databases or corrected, or if you have any other questions or comments regarding our privacy practices, please contact us via email from the applicable brand or website, or using the contact information below.We will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request; however, in some cases we may not be able to allow you to access certain Personal Information in certain circumstances, for example if it contains Personal Information of other persons, or for legal reasons. In such cases, we will provide you with a reasonable explanation of why it is not possible to grant access to your Personal Information. We may require you to verify your identity before allowing you to access your Personal Information.11.  How Can I contact You? We are committed to working with consumers to obtain a fair and rapid resolution of any queries, complaints, or disputes about privacy.  Is you have any queries, complaints, or disputes, you may contact our Privacy Officer by writing to:CATELLI FOODS CORPORATION PO BOX 61083 ROP Grant Park 6000-1120 Grant Ave Winnipeg MB, R3M 3X8 ATTN: General CounselYou may also call us at 1-888-293-1333.Keep In TouchSign up now for inspiring recipes and great offers, delivered straight to your inbox.
Your Email Address
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms. Connect with us on social
PastasRecipesProject HungerContact UsWhere to Find UsPrivacy PolicyClose Contact UsWhere to Find UsPrivacy PolicyClose
Recipes Buy Now