https://www.romanovsky.com/privacy-policy
About Our Firm
Services
Staff
Executive Profiles
Staff Directory
Staff News
In Memoriam
Join Our Team
Client Centre
Contact
Client Portal
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Romanovsky & Associates LLP is committed to safeguarding the personal information entrusted to us by our clients. We manage your personal information in accordance with Alberta’s Personal Information Protection Act and other applicable laws. This policy outlines the principles and practices we follow in protecting your personal information.
This policy applies to Romanovsky & Associates LLP and its subsidiaries/related companies.
This policy also applies to any person or contractor providing services on our behalf.
A copy of this policy is available on our website or can be provided on request.
The rules of professional conduct and related Council Interpretations of the various Provincial Institutes of Chartered Accountants require that partners, managers, associates and staff maintain the confidentiality of client and former client information, as well as the confidentiality of Firm information, except in rare and very specific circumstances.
The rules of Professional Conduct of the various Provincial Institutes of Chartered Accountants also require that partners, managers, associates and staff not use confidential information for personal advantage, for the advantage of a third party or to the disadvantage of a client, former client or the firm, unless consent has been obtained from the client, former client or the firm.
What is Personal Information?
Personal information includes any information about an identifiable individual.
This includes information, such as:
– Name, home and address, phone number, age sex, marital or family status,
personal records, etc.
– Financial records and history, employee files, Social Insurance Number, etc.
What Personal Information do we collect?
We collect personal information (examples listed above) that we need for the purposes of providing accounting and related service(s) to our clients. For example, we would require personal information to:
– To complete personal and/or corporate tax returns
– To understand your business and/or personal goals, needs, history and
recommend/advise accordingly
– To assist in personal or corporate tax planning
– To meet legal and regulatory requirements
Consent
We ask for consent to collect, use or disclose personal information, except in specific circumstances where collection, use or disclosure without consent is authorized or required by law. We may assume your consent in cases where you volunteer information for obvious purposes, such as mentioned above.
We ask for your express consent for some purposes and may not be able to provide certain services if you are unwilling to provide consent to the collection, use or disclosure of certain personal information. Where express consent is needed, we will normally ask clients to provide their consent orally (in person, by telephone), in writing (by signing a consent form) or electronically (by e-mail).
A client may withdraw consent to the use and disclosure of personal information at any time, unless the personal information is necessary for us to fulfill our legal obligations. We will respect your decision; but we may not be able to provide you with certain products and services if we do not have the necessary personal information.
How do we use personal information?
We use and disclose client personal information only for the purposes for which the information was collected, except as authorized by law. The law also allows us to use information for the purposes of collecting a debt owed to our organization, should that be necessary.
If we wish to use or disclose your personal information for any new business purposes, we will ask for your consent.
How do we safeguard personal information?
We make every reasonable effort to ensure that client information is accurate and complete. We rely on our clients to notify us if there is a change to their personal information that may affect their relationship with our organization or the ability to carry out services we have been hired to provide. If you are aware of an error in our information about you, please let us know and we will correct it as required wherever possible.
We protect client personal information in a manner appropriate for the sensitivity of the information. We make every reasonable effort to prevent any loss, misuse, disclosure or modification of personal information, as well as any unauthorized access to personal information.
We use appropriate security measure when destroying client personal information, including shredding paper records and permanently deleting electronic records.
We retain client personal information only as long as is reasonable to fulfill the purposes for which the information was collected or for business and legal requirements (ex. financial records must be kept for 7 years).
Our employees are informed of our policies and practices for managing personal information.
Access to records containing personal information
Clients of Romanovsky & Associates LLP have a right of access to their own personal information in a file that is in our custody or under our control, subject to some exceptions. For example, organizations are required under the Personal Information Protection Act to refuse to provide access to information that would reveal personal information about another individual. Organizations are authorized under the Act to refuse access to personal information if disclosure would reveal confidential business information. Access may also be refused if the information is privileged or contained in mediation records.
If we refuse a request in whole or in part, we will provide the reasons for the refusal. In some cases where exceptions to access apply, we may withhold that information and provide you with the remainder of the record.
Revisions and Interpretation
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our legal or regulatory obligations or in the manner in which we deal with your personal information. We will post any revised version of this Policy on our website and we encourage you to refer back to it on a regular basis.
More Information
If you have a question or concern about any collection, use or disclosure of personal information by Romanovsky & Associates LLP, or about a request for access to your own personal information, please contact:
Romanovsky & Associates LLP c/o Privacy Officer
10260 – 112 Street
Edmonton, AB
T5K 1M4
Fax: (780) 451-6291
E-Mail: alan.jacobson@romanovsky.com
About Romanovsky & Associates LLP
At Romanovsky and Associates we are committed to providing high quality services that are needed in today’s competitive market place.
We are in the business of building long lasting relationships based on trust and understanding.
Contact Us
Edmonton
10260 - 112 Street
Edmonton, Alberta T5K 1M4
Phone: 780-447-5830
Toll-Free: 1-800-861-5830
Fax: 780-451-6291
Toronto
307 Sheppard Avenue East
Toronto, Ontario M2N 3B3
Phone: 416-225-8998
Toll-Free: 1-855-330-8998
Fax: 416-225-6387
Privacy Policy
|
Site Terms
© 2020 Romanovsky & Associates LLP
Back to top
Romanovsky & Associates LLP
Romanovsky & Associates LLP
About Our FirmServicesStaff
Executive ProfilesStaff DirectoryStaff NewsIn Memoriam Back
Join Our TeamClient CentreContactClient Portal
× Close Panel