https://www.provision.ie/privacy-policy/
Home
Daily Pictures
All Images / Archive
Media and PR
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Order Info
My Account
Log In
Privacy Policy
Provision respects your ability to make informed choices about the collection and uses of your personal information. This privacy policy tells you about our online collection and uses of information that identifies you personally so that you can make an informed choice about using this site. The terms of this policy apply to the site www.provision.ie and other sites which Provision host or operate, unless different terms are specified in a form or contract provided to you online or off-line.
This site is operated by Provision Photographs Limited in Ireland. By using this website, you understand and agree that (1) the information collected from this site may be retained indefinitely, and may be stored, accessed, and used in jurisdictions whose privacy laws may be different and less protective than those of your home jurisdiction; (2) Provision may use this information for a variety of purposes including direct marketing (unless you opt out of receiving direct marketing from Provision); (3) Provision may disclose this information to affiliates, subsidiaries, agents, third party content providers, and necessary payment processors, whose privacy policies and practices may be different from those of Provision, and for which Provision assumes no responsibility; (4) information about our customers, including personal information, may be disclosed as part of any merger, sale of the company assets or acquisition as well as in the unlikely event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which personal information would be transferred as one of the business assets of the company; and (5) we reserve the right to disclose your personal information if required to do so by law, or in the good faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, respond to claims, or protect the rights, property or safety of our company, employees, customers, or the public.
Information Collected From This Website
When you visit this website, some information, such as the site that referred you to us, your IP and email address, and navigational information, may be collected automatically as part of the site’s operation. This information is used to generate user profiles and to personalise the website to your particular interests. On some occasions we may ask you to provide information on online forms. For example, we may ask for your username, password, place of birth, full name, telephone number, email address and postal address, or other information to register online, or for your credit card number or other personally identifying information to fulfill licensing transactions or to receive products or services. Providing information on online forms is always voluntary, and you are free not to complete any online forms. If you choose not to, however, some products and services may not be available to you.
How We Use Your Information
The information collected online is stored indefinitely and is used for various purposes, including processing your transactions, customer service, product and service development, direct marketing and marketing analysis, facilitating your use of this website, and customizing your image selection to your particular interests. The information we collect may be shared with our subsidiaries, agents, third party content providers, affiliates, and selected other entities for similar purposes.
In addition, unless you opt out of receiving promotional materials from Provision, we may notify you of special promotions, new products or services, or other information that may be of interest. (See Opting Out section, below.)
Opting Out
If you do not want to receive promotional information from Provision, you can opt out by un-checking the appropriate box on your online registration form, or in the event an online registration form is not available, by notifying your account executive. If you did not opt out when you registered, and later decide that you are not interested in receiving this information, you can opt out at any time by sending an email to or speaking with your account executive. Please note that if you opt out of receiving promotional material from Provision, you still may receive such material from our worldwide subsidiaries, third party content providers, affiliates and other parties to whom we provide your information in the course of doing business, as explained above.
Links to Other Websites
Any sites to which we link, including but not limited to the sites of subsidiaries and third party content providers, may have different privacy policies and practices from those disclosed here. We assume no responsibility for the policies or practices of linked sites and encourage you to become acquainted with them.
Children
We do not intend to either solicit or collect personal information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are under 13, you should not use or enter information on this website.
Questions or Concerns
If at any time you believe that Provision has not followed the above policy, please let us know by sending an email to info@provision.ie . We will make reasonable efforts to identify and correct any problem.
Changes to This Online Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change the terms of this privacy policy at any time, but will not do so without posting the revised policy on this website. We encourage you to review this privacy policy whenever you visit our website to make sure you understand how we use the information we collect.