https://www.effortlesshr.com/blog/category/legal-issues/
Easy to use, comprehensive Online HR Software
Try it Free
All-in-one web-based employee management
A complete HR management system in the cloud. Employee portal, PTO, time clock, applicant tracking, benefits, file storage, and more.
Home>Archives for Legal Issues
Legal IssuesIn short, employee drug testing should continue during the COVID-19 outbreak. You may be wondering how best to approach it now though. Many employees are working from home and businesses that are still operating on-site put strict social distancing … [Read more...] about Should you Keep Drug Testing during the PandemicNo one wants to imagine being involved in an accident at work but this is possible. It is a scary situation to find yourself in. For one, you do not know if you are going to be okay, and you do not know how you’re going to pay for everything. The … [Read more...] about 4 Steps to Filing the Proper Paperwork If You’ve Been Injured at WorkNo matter how careful you are in conducting your business, you could always find yourself being sued by an employee looking for an easy way to get some money. This is why you need to take any possible precautions, including training your HR … [Read more...] about How to protect yourself from the employee lawsuitYour employer may have wide latitude when it comes to terminating your employment. However, you are generally protected from retaliation when reporting sexual harassment or other potential employment law violations. There may also be laws that … [Read more...] about Know Your Rights: How to Determine If You Have Been Mistreated at WorkMost companies understand that a data breach is one of the most potentially damaging events that could occur in the business world. Yet, in 2017, it seems that many still underestimate just how crippling data breach fines in the United States can … [Read more...] about HOW U.S. CORPORATIONS CAN AVOID CRIPPLING DATA BREACH FINES IN 2018 AND BEYOND
The explosion of the Internet has brought many benefits to society, as well as businesses. Companies are now able to connect with people and broadcast their products and services in ways that were unimaginable 50 and even 20 years ago. With … [Read more...] about Cyber Security: the 5 Best Practices to Protect Your Company’s Proprietary InformationThere is no room for error when contracts are being translated. Seemingly trivial or minor deviations in the meaning of words used can cause unexpected disadvantages that will last for the life of the contract, or even costly mediation and legal … [Read more...] about How to Reduce Costs When Translating Legal ContractsOn May 18, 2016, the Department of Labor (DOL) announced that the salary basis test for exemption is being changed in the Fair Labor Standard Act (FLSA). This is a brief overview of those changes and what you can do to remain complaint by Lola Kakes, … [Read more...] about 2016 FLSA & The New Overtime Rules – Free WebinarSome businesses are unsure how to handle privacy compliance in regards to HIPAA regulations.
The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 has created more work for businesses in that they have to spend endless hours researching … [Read more...] about Privacy Compliance – Disclosing Health Information Has its ConsequencesEmployers who call their workers "independent contractors" merely to avoid unemployment, workers compensation insurance, and federal and state tax withholding etc. are headed for serious trouble with the Department of Labor (DOL) and/or the Internal … [Read more...] about Is your worker really an independent contractorPrimary SidebarSubscribe
Enjoy our blog? Enter your email address to be the first to receive updates as we post:
Categories
Blogging
Business Planning
Compensation
Customer Service
Emergency Planning
Employee Hiring
Employee Issues
Employee Policies
HR
Jobs
Labor Laws
Lead Articles
Legal Issues
Management
Marketing
Press
Scheduling
Technology
Training & Development
Uncategorized
Webinars
Friends
Bompus
FooterPages
Home
Pricing
Customers
Try It FREE
Partners
Solutions
White Label HR Software
Security Info
Employee Handbook Builder
Webinars
Blog
News & Updates
Contact Us
Email: Contact UsCall: +1.520.546.3947
Stay Connected
© 2020 EffortlessHR. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy