https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TNo9AAG&status=Active
Skip to content
Adobe Inc.
Active Participant
Other Covered Entities
Adobe Inc.
Industries
Information and Communications Technology
Software
Participation
Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework: Active
Original Certification Date:
6/6/2017
Next Certification Due Date: 10/13/2021
Data Collected:
NON-HR
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework: Active
Original Certification Date:
11/4/2016
Next Certification Due Date: 10/13/2021
Data Collected:
NON-HR
Purpose of Data Collection
Adobe processes personal information that it receives from its subsidiaries, customers, website visitors, and business partners in the European Economic Area (EEA).  The personal information is processed in order to (1) provide the products and online services requested; (2) perform customer support activities, such as fulfilling product orders, providing technical support, and improving product offerings; (3) perform sales and marketing activities as permissible under applicable law; and (4) conduct internal business processes such as financial processing and management, fraud detection and prevention, and compliance with law. When Adobe is providing online services to its business customers, Adobe may receive and process personal information as a data processor. As a data processor, Adobe acts on the instructions from its business customers or its affiliate, Adobe Systems Software Ireland Limited, and does not control the personal information it processes. As a data processor, Adobe will only disclose personal information as instructed by our business customer or as required by applicable law. In some cases and as permitted by our customer agreements, we may disclose personal information with a subcontractor who is contracted to provide services on our behalf, in order to provide the online services to our business customers.
Privacy Policy
Non-HR Data
Document:
Adobe Privacy Policy
Description:
The Adobe Privacy Policy explains what personal data we collect from you and how we use it.
Effective Date: 9/28/2016
Verification Method
Self-Assessment
Dispute Resolution
Questions or Complaints?
If you have a question or complaint regarding the covered data, please contact Adobe Inc. at:
Alisa Bergman Chief Privacy Officer
Adobe Inc.
San Francisco
345 Park Avenue
San Jose, California
95110
dpo@adobe.com
Phone: (408) 536-6000
Fax:
Privacy Shield organizations must respond within 45 days of receiving a complaint.
If you have not received a timely or satisfactory response from Adobe Inc. to your question or complaint, please contact the independent recourse mechanism listed below
NON-HR RECOURSE MECHANISM
ANA Privacy Shield Program
Appropriate statutory body with jurisdiction to investigate any claims against Adobe Inc. regarding possible unfair or deceptive practices and violations of laws or regulations covering privacy
Federal Trade Commission