http://www.zickgraf.com/why-shaw/privacy-policy
Inspiration to installation
Floors designed with you in mind. All of you.
Find the products you want & get back to the life you love.
It's as easy as that.
Carpet
Hardwood
Laminate
Vinyl
Tile & Stone
Loves High Traffic
Feels Comfy
Wire Walnut
This style features accentuated grain pines, walnut, dark oak and acacia visuals.
Details
Floorvana +
Take your inspiration to the next level.Match it + See it + Love it
Sometimes, seeing really is believing.
Upload images of rooms, see your selection in different installation options, and share your design vision with others through this award-winning, real-time Augmented Reality experience.
Learn More
Sun-up to sundown
Shaw Floors helps you resist stains, stands up to traffic, and looks great all day.
8:00 AM
Morning rush hour can be rough. Orange you glad the spills can wait?
Introducing Palatino Plus
12:00 PM
Time to paws for a short break.
Introducing Exquisite
2:00 PM
Quiet moments or rowdy moments - these moments will become memories.
Introducing Find Your Comfort
6:00 PM
Get out. No really. Get. Out. (A little fresh air is nice)
Introducing Fusion Herringbone
It's About the Journey.It's About the Return Home.
Introducing Cultural Explorers, the Shaw Floors 2020 Color & Trend Forecast.
Which trend speaks to you?
Find your style.
Be Inspired.
Be Inspired
Take the next step
Good design can help us feel comfortable and content. Good design is attainable for any lifestyle, any budget, any room. The goal is to create a space that is right for you.
Financing
As you consider the flooring that fits your lifestyle, take advantage of Shaw’s special financing offers. *With approved credit. Ask for details.
Apply Now
Let's Chat!
We're here to help you find the answers you seek! Whether you are shopping for new flooring, or have questions about our products.
Start a conversation
Floorvana+
Seeing is believing with our award-winning, real-time Augmented Reality experience that lets you Match it + See it + Love it.
Start snapping
Floor Care Center
Once you've installed your new flooring, proper maintenance is key. Read more for detailed instructions, how-tos and tips to keep it looking its best.
What's Your Spill
St. Jude
Shaw Floors is a passionate supporter of St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital and its mission to improve the overall childhood survival rate.
Learn More
Financing
As you consider the flooring that fits your lifestyle, take advantage of Shaw’s special financing offers. *With approved credit. Ask for details.
Apply Now
Let's Chat!
We're here to help you find the answers you seek! Whether you are shopping for new flooring, or have questions about our products.
Start a conversation
Floorvana+
Seeing is believing with our award-winning, real-time Augmented Reality experience that lets you Match it + See it + Love it.
Start snapping
Floor Care Center
Once you've installed your new flooring, proper maintenance is key. Read more for detailed instructions, how-tos and tips to keep it looking its best.
What's Your Spill
St. Jude
Shaw Floors is a passionate supporter of St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital and its mission to improve the overall childhood survival rate.
Learn More
Responding to COVID: We remain committed to our customers & associates. View Details
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
Stay up-to-date on the latest design trends, new products and special deals on the best flooring around. Don't worry; we won't fill your inbox (and we'll never send you spam).
I accept Shaw's Terms and Conditions
I accept Shaw's Privacy Policy
Thank You!
You're now signed up to receive updates from Shaw. And whether you're looking to gather information, select a new style or care for the floors in your home, we look forward to helping you along the way.
In the meantime, stay organized by creating a My Shaw account, where you can compare your flooring options, save your favorites and keep track of your orders all in one place.
Sure, Sign Me Up!