http://www.mystery-shoppers.co.uk/products-services/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions MysteryShoppers.co.uk
Client Login
Shopper Login
Offices
Toggle Dropdown
UK Main Office
Myanmar
Botswana
Kenya
Toggle navigation
Home
About
About Mystery Shoppers Ltd
About Mystery Shopping
How Mystery Shopping Can Help Your Business
A Guide To Mystery Shopping
Solutions
Contact Us
Products & Services
Products & Services
Terms & Conditions
Client Privacy Statement
REQUEST A QUOTE
SHOPPER AREA
Toggle Dropdown
Become a Shopper
Frequently Asked Questions
Shopper Scams
Shopper News
Shopper Terms and Conditions
Shopper Privacy Statement
Terms & Conditions
1. APPOINTMENT
These Terms and Conditions apply when a Buyer has appointed Mystery Shoppers Ltd to carry out Mystery Shopping Services and are governed by English law.
2. DUTIES OF MYSTERY SHOPPERS LTD
2.1 Mystery Shoppers Ltd shall use all reasonable endeavours to provide the Services with reasonable care, skill and diligence and in accordance with current good practice.
2.2 The maximum liability of Mystery Shoppers Ltd in connection with this Agreement shall be limited to the refunding to the Buyer of any sums paid to it hereunder.
3. TIME FOR PERFORMANCE
Any specific performance criteria shall be agreed before commencement of fieldwork and shall be included in the Project Brief.  Time for performance of the Services shall be as agreed from time to time.  If Mystery Shoppers Ltd fails to perform any agreed service within any time limits agreed with the Buyer, or otherwise fail to comply with agreed requirements set out in the Project Brief, the Buyer shall have the right to require Mystery Shoppers Ltd to remedy such failure within a reasonable time by formally communicating the nature of the failure to a Director.  If Mystery Shoppers Ltd fails to comply with such a requirement the Buyer shall have the right to terminate the Agreement.
4. PRICE AND PAYMENT
4.1 Where the price is dependent upon time taken, the Buyer shall have the right to inspect all work records and other documentation to satisfy itself that all billed time has been spent in the provision of the Services.
4.2 Unless otherwise agreed payment for a single project, or Wave of a multi-Wave project, will be made on the basis of set-up fee plus 50% of the fieldwork on contract or confirmation, 40% on completion of fieldwork (or monthly in arrears for fieldwork extending over several months) and 10% on delivery of all reports.
4.3 Unless otherwise agreed Mystery Shoppers Ltd will render invoices monthly and the Buyer undertakes to pay invoices within 30 days of the invoice date.  The Buyer agrees to inform Mystery Shoppers Ltd of any disagreement with an invoice within 7 days of receipt and that any invoice not paid within 45 days of the invoice date will incur a charge of 5% of the invoice total.
4.4 Where information provided by the Client is not accurate and leads to extra work or expenses such work and expenses shall be invoiced as if completed.
4.5 Where Mystery Shoppers Ltd recommends a pilot programme and a Client declines, MSL reserves the right to renegotiate terms to reflect any unforeseen extra cost.
5. EXPENSES
5.1 Except where otherwise agreed the Buyer shall reimburse Mystery Shoppers Ltd for any expenses necessarily incurred by Mystery Shoppers Ltd in the performance of the Services.
5.2 Mystery Shoppers Ltd shall if requested submit receipts to support each claim for expenses.
6. MRS AND MSPA CODES OF CONDUCT
Both parties agree to be bound by the provisions of the MRS Code of Conduct and the MSPA Code of Ethics and Standards.
7. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
The methodology (including Assessment Forms and Summary Reports) is the intellectual property of (and copyright to) Mystery Shoppers Ltd except where agreement is specifically made to the contrary.
8. CONFIDENTIALITY
8.1 Mystery Shoppers Ltd will not except in the proper course of its duties or as required by law, divulge to any person any trade or business secrets, data covered by the Data Protection Act or any confidential information concerning the Buyer which it obtains during the performance of the Services.
8.2 Mystery Shoppers Ltd shall not publish any matter concerning this Agreement or the internal affairs of the Buyer without the prior written approval of the Buyer.
8.3 Notwithstanding the above Mystery Shoppers Ltd may list the Buyer among clients for whom services have been performed and use the relevant logo(s) in Client lists.
9. TERMINATION
9.1 This Agreement may be terminated by either party in accordance with Clauses 3, 9 or 11 or by giving one calendar month's notice to the other.
9.2 In the event of cancellation by the Buyer Mystery Shoppers Ltd shall be entitled to invoice the Buyer for all work carried out, for any expenses arising from cancellation such as cancellation payments to a third party and for 50% of the value of the fees which would have been earned during the remainder of the contract.
9.3 Unless otherwise agreed, and in addition to para 9.2 above, all work postponed or cancelled within 7 days of the first day of the month during which fieldwork was planned to start shall be invoiced at 75% of the fee; work postponed or cancelled within 4 weeks of the first day of the month during which fieldwork was planned to start shall be invoiced at 50% of the fee.
10. COMMUNICATION
Any notice required to be given by one party to the other shall be in writing and shall be served by first class post or facsimile or by hand to the registered address of the party or such address as a party may from time to time notify to the other party.
11. FORCE MAJEURE
Neither party shall have any liability or be deemed to be in default for any failure in performance of the Services resulting from force majeure. However, if either party is unable to perform its obligations under the agreement for a period exceeding 30 days then the other party shall be entitled to terminate this agreement by giving notice to that effect to the other.
Request a quote
Careers
Vacancies
Internships
Offices
Myanmar
Botswana
Kenya
Become a Franchise
Site
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
About
About Mystery Shoppers Ltd
About Mystery Shopping
How Mystery Shopping can help you
A guide to Mystery Shopping
Company Brochure
Shoppers
Become a shopper
Frequently Asked Questions
Shopper Scams
Shopper News
Shopper Terms and Conditions
Shopper Privacy Statement
Products & Services
Case Studies
Terms and Conditions
Client Privacy Statement
Copyright 2020 Mystery Shoppers Ltd
01409 255025
enquiries@mystery-shoppers.co.uk
Follow us on
Company registered in England No. 2654347
×
Modal Header
×
Modal Header