https://www.maber.eu/eng/privacy.php?type=8
WEB SITE PRIVACY POLICY
THE AIMS OF THIS STATEMENT
This page is aimed at describing the website's administrative procedures concerning the processing of its users' personal data, that will be processed lawfully, fairly, relevantly and not excessively.
This statement is produced users who interact with the web services of Maber Hoist Srl, accessible by internet starting from the page maber.eu, corresponding to the homepage of the official website of Maber Hoist Srl.
This statement only concerns the website of Maber Hoist Srl and not other websites that the user may consult through the use of link.
DATA CONTROLLER AND RESPONSIBLE OFFICER
The Controller for the described processing activities is Maber Hoist Srl, with headquarters in Via dell'Industria e dell'Artigianato, 16 - 35010 Carmignano di Brenta PD - Italy.
Processing operations will be carried out by Assignees appointed by the Data Controller and/or the Officer responsible for data processing, who operate under their direct authority in compliance with the instructions received.
PERSONS/BODIES TO WHOM/WHICH PERSONAL DATA MAY BE COMMUNICATED, OR WHO MAY ACCESS THEM IN THEIR CAPACITY AS RESPONSIBLE OFFICERS OR DATA PROCESSING OFFICERS
your data may be disclosed to external companies with which Maber Hoist Srl may consider collaborating, which, in any case, guarantee the adoption of security and confidentiality criteria equivalent to those adopted by Maber Hoist Srl, and which operate as external data processing bodies.
your personal data may be disclosed to third parties to comply with legal obligations, or to comply with orders from public authorities, or to exercise a right in court. furthermore, subject to your consent, your data may be disclosed to third parties as indicated in point d) of these guidelines.
THE TYPES OF DATA PROCESSED
Navigation data
The computer systems and software procedures in charge of the website's operation acquire, during their normal operation, some personal data (so-called log files) the transmission of which is implicit in the use of internet communication protocols.
This information is not collected in order to be associated to identified data subjects, but due to its same nature can, by means of processing and integration with data held by third parties, allow users to be identified.
This category includes the IP addresses or domain names of the computers used by the users to connect to the website, URI (Uniform Resource Identifier) form addresses of the resources requested, the time of the request, the method used to submit the request to the server, the size of the file obtained in reply, the numerical code indicating the status of the reply given by the server (done, error, etc.) and other parameters concerning the user's operating system and computer environment.
These data are used with the sole purpose of obtaining anonymous statistical information concerning the use of the site and to check its correct operation. These data can be used to ascertain responsibility in the case of hypothetical computer crimes to the detriment of the website and can be communicated to the Judicial Authority, in the event that the latter explicitly requests such data.
Data supplied voluntarily by the user
The optional, explicit and voluntary dispatching of electronic mail to the addresses indicated in this website entails the subsequent acquisition of the sender's address, necessary in order to reply to the requests, and also any other personal data contained in the message.
Specific concise information concerning personal data shall be cited or visualised in the web pages dedicated to particular services on request.
INFORMATION ABOUT COOKIES
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small text file that is stored by the computer when a website is visited by a user. The text stores information that the site is able to read in the moment in which it is seen at a later time. Some of these cookies are necessary to the site to work properly, while others are useful to the visitor because they can safely store such as user name or language settings. The advantage of having the cookies installed in your pc is that you no longer need to fill out the same information every time you want to access a site you visited before.
Why does Maber Hoist Srl use cookies?
Maber Hoist Srl uses cookies to provide its customers with a customized web experience and allow them to visit again a website without having to enter each time the same information. Cookies are also used to optimize the website performance: in fact they make easier the process of product searching within the site. In order to protect personal data against loss and any form of unlawful processing Maber Hoist Srl has taken appropriate technical and organizational measures.
First-party cookies
First-party cookies are generated by the manager of the site the user is browsing. This category include technical and performance cookies. Technical cookies are used for the transmission of session identifiers (consisting of random numbers generated by the server), which allow a safe and efficient navigation of the website; Performance cookies are used for statistical purposes, for the detection of unique users, viewed or downloaded content etc. Google Analytics, for example, works using this type of cookies. Data are stored anonymously and used as an aggregate. To disable Google Analytics cookies, you can use a special tool made available by Google itself. To install, click here.
Third-party cookies
Third-party cookies, such as that are generated by the "Like" button in Facebook, are generated and used by a different party from the manager of the site on which the user is browsing, based on agreements between the website owner and a third party. Some advertisers use these cookies to track your visits on sites where they offer their services.
How can I disable cookies?
You can easily modify browser settings to turn off cookies. Warning: when you disable cookies your username and password will be no longer stored on the login box of the site.
Firefox:
Open Firefox
Press the "Alt" key.
In the toolbar at the top of the browser, select "Tools" and then "Options."
Then select the "Privacy" tab.
Go to "Cronology Settings" and then click "Custom Settings". Uncheck "Accept cookies from sites" and save your preferences.
Internet Explorer:
Open Internet Explorer.
Click on "Tools" then "Internet Options."
Select the "Privacy" tab and choose the privacy level you want (move the slider up to block all cookies, or down to allow them all).
Then click OK.
Google Chrome:
Open Google Chrome.
Click on "Tools."
Select "Settings" and then "Advanced Settings".
Select "Content settings" under "Privacy".
In "Cookies and Site Data" you can search and delete specific cookies.
or
Type chrome://settings/cookies in the address bar and press Enter key.
You will access to "Cookie and Site Data" where you can search and delete specific cookies.
Safari:
Open Safari.
Select "Preferences" in the toolbar, and then select the panel "Security" in the following dialog box.
In the "Accept Cookies" section you can specify if and when Safari should save cookies from websites. For more information click on the Help button (marked with a question mark).
For more information on cookies that are stored on your computer, click on "Show Cookies."
COMPULSORY/VOLUNTARY PROVISION OF DATA
Personal data is provided voluntarily.
However, the refusal of the interested party to provide personal data will make it impossible for the data controller to send commercial offers and information on the company's activity.
DATA PROCESSING PROCEDURES
Personal data are processed by computerised means for the time necessary to realise the purposes for which they were collected.
Specific security measures are observed in order to prevent the loss of data, unlawful or incorrect use and unauthorised access.
RIGHTS OF THE INTERESTED PARTY
The interested party has the right to obtain confirmation of the existence of his/her personal data, and of their communication, in an intelligible manner.
The interested party has the right to know the content and the origin of the personal data.
The interested party furthermore has the right to demand:
a) the updating, amendment, or, where he/she has an interest in it, the integration of the data;
b) the deletion, anonymization or blocking of unlawfully processed data, including data that does not need to be retained for the purposes for which it was collected or subsequently processed;
c) confirmation that those to whom the data is communicated or disclosed are notified of the actions referred to under points (a) and (b), including their content, unless the fulfilment thereof proves impossible or involves the use of means that are clearly disproportionate to the right being protected.
The interested party has the right to oppose, in whole or in part:
a) on legitimate grounds, the processing of his/her personal data, even if the data is relevant for the purpose of their collection;
b) the processing of their personal data for the purpose of sending advertising material or for direct sales, or for conducting market research or commercial communications.
In any case, the interested party remains free, at any time, to revoke consent by sending an informal notice to that effect to Maber Hoist Srl, at info@maber.eu.