https://www.kvaerner.com/kvaerner-privacy-statement/
Kvaerner Privacy Statement - Kvaerner
Suppliers
Remote access login
Menu
What we offer
Solutions
Offshore Wind Solutions
Kvaerner provides fixed and floating substructures as well as converter platforms for offshore wind developments.
Onshore Facilities
Kvaerner is a leading provider of onshore receiving and processing facilities.
UWP/Subsea on a Stick®
The Unmanned Wellhead Platform (UWP) Subsea on a Stick® (SoS) is strongly competitive with subsea tieback solutions and highly cost effective for development of marginal fields.
Steel Substructures
Kvaerner is a highly experienced provider of large oil and gas steel jacket substructures, jackets.
Topsides
Kvaerner is a leading contractor for EPC delivery of topsides for offshore oil and gas platforms.
Concrete Solutions
Kvaerner is the world leader in marine concrete structures for oil and gas field developments, providing the full scope of EPCI services.
Floating Structures
Kvaerner is one of the world’s most experienced contractors for delivery of floating oil and gas installations.
Piping Technology
Kvaerner has long experience in cold forming, prefabrication and welding of pipes.
Services
Front-end Development
Kvaerner’s front-end development services enable customers to develop and realise the most attractive field development solution.
Marine Operations
Our highly experienced and competent marine operations team manages stand-alone client projects as well as providing support to Kvaerner’s in-house EPCI projects.
Platform modification and upgrades
Kvaerner offers market leading experience from major modification and upgrades of offshore platforms.
Hook-Up and Completion
Kvaerner has 40 years’ experience from inshore and offshore hook-up, completion and commissioning of oil and gas installations.
Decommissioning Services
Kvaerner has extensive experience from decommissioning of offshore oil and gas installations.
Investors
Investors
The share
Detailed information about the Kvaerner share.
Shareholder Services
Information about dividends, listing prospectus and registrar.
Key Financials
Key financials gives an instant snapshot of the most important financial figures.
Financial Calendar
Upcoming dates for financial reporting & CMD
Financial Reporting
Quarterly and annual reports; and quarterly presentations and webcasts.
Corporate Governance
Information about dividends, listing prospectus and registrar.
News and stock exchange announcements
Including a link to subscribe to releases.
Other events and presentations
Upcoming dates for financial reporting & CMD
Stock exchange releases
The latest stock exchange announcements.
Contact IR
Please contact Investor Relations if you have any requests or questions about Kvaerner.
Work with us
About Us
About Us
Who we are and what we do
Kvaerner is a project execution specialist and a trusted advisor for our clients.
History
Kvaerner was established in the first half of the 19th century.
Management System
Kvaerner management system is a prerequisite for our success.
Executive management team
Information about Kvaerner’s executive management team.
Board of Directors
Kvaerner’s Board of Directors consists of eight directors.
Health, safety, security and environment (HSSE)
In Kvaerner, concern for health, safety, security and the environment is a core value.
Corporate Responsibility
Our aim is to ensure that we run our operations in line with our values, relevant laws and regulations and society’s expectations – with integrity.
Locations & contact information
Kvaerner has a worldwide presence.
Brochures and Presentations
Publications, presentations and brochures.
News
List with the latest news.
Media
Media contacts in Kvaerner.
Raising concerns – Whistleblowing
Report breaches or suspected breaches of internal policies and procedures, laws and regulations and/or internationally recognised standards for ethical business conduct.
Search
Home
Kvaerner Privacy Statement
Data Protection - Binding corporate rules
This Privacy Statement represents the online privacy policy applicable to www.kvaerner.com and the activities of Kværner ASA and subsidiaries (“Kvaerner”). The statement explains how we collect, use and disclose information when you utilise our webpage. Further, the statement explains which personal data we use and collect, for which purposes we use the personal data and your rights in relation to personal data concerning you.
Kværner ASA operates this website and is the data controller for processing of personal data taking place when you utilise this website. To the extent that your personal data is processed by other Kvaerner group companies located in other countries, that company is the data controller for processing of personal data where that company determines the purposes and means for the processing.
Kvaerner has implemented binding corporate rules for processing and transfer of personal data in Kvaerner (“BCR”). Kvaerner’s BCR provides Kvaerner with a legal basis for transferring personal data from group companies established within the European Economic Area (“EEA”) to group companies established outside the EEA. The BCR has been approved by the Norwegian and other relevant data protection authorities and is an important mean to demonstrate compliance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”). For more information about the BCR and group companies bound by the BCR, please see the public version of the BCR.
1  How and why we process personal data
1.1  When you visit the website
When visiting our websites, we collect data through cookies. The data we collect, relates to your device, IP address, and how you use the website. We use the data collected through cookies for providing you with the best user experience and for improving the website’s content bytrack of usage patterns and record of preferences. The legal basis for such processing of personal data is our legitimate interests in improving and developing our website and providing you with a good user experience. For more information about cookies and how to accept and reject cookies through settings in your browser see section 4.
1.2  When you apply for a position
When you apply for a position through the website, we use a recruitment portal operated by an external service provider on our behalf for processing and handling of your application. To use the recruitment portal, you must register an account and provide us with your name, a password, your email address, your postal address and your telephone number. When you use the recruitment portal to apply for a position, the service provider collect and use the personal data you provide, which typically includes general contact information, CV, information regarding your education, competences and skills, work experience, your references and other information. The purpose of such processing of personal data is to determine your eligibility and select the right candidate for the position. The legal basis for the processing is your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of the processing based on the consent prior to your withdrawal.
1.3  When you subscribe to press releases
You can subscribe to our press releases via our website. To subscribe, you must provide us with your name and email address. The legal basis for the processing is your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time by unsubscribing here. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of the processing based on the consent prior to your withdrawal.
1.4  When submit a report through our whistleblowing channel
Kvaerner encourages you to report any breaches of law, in-house rules or internationally recognised standards for ethical business. Therefore, we operate a whistleblowing channel through our website. Reports will be investigated with strict confidentiality and, if you prefer, you can make the report completely anonymous. You only have to identify yourself or provide your e-mail address if you wish to get direct feedback from any investigation. The legal basis for the processing is our compliance with our legal obligations under applicable law and our legitimate interests in handling serious concerns or offenses in a confidential manner.
1.5  When you otherwise contact us If you have any inquiries
regarding products or services, or in relation to projects, supplier relations, media- or investor contacts, sponsorship or webmaster or any feedbacks about our services, we collect your name and contact details to enable us to process your inquiry. The legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interests in following up inquiries, that the processing is necessary for fulfilling a contract with you or for taking steps prior to entering into contract, or that it is in our legitimate interest to meet your inquiry and to improve our business and services. We also collect your name, e-mail address, and telephone number, name of employer and name of the person you are visiting through our visit registration system in the reception when you visit our headquarters and offices. We use this data for notifying the person you are visiting about your arrival. In some locations we conduct camera surveillance for security reasons, which involves processing of CCTV recordings and vehicle registration plates. We routinely delete these data in accordance with applicable law and internal policies. The legal basis for these processing activities is compliance with our legal obligations under applicable laws, including International Ship and Port Facility Security Code and our legitimate interests in maintaining secure premises and facilities.
2  How we share personal data
Access to personal data is strictly limited to personnel of Kvaerner and its controlled subsidiaries and affiliates who have appropriate authorisation and a clear business need for that data. Kvaerner do not share personal data with third parties, except in circumstances where such sharing is necessary in order to provide our services. Occasionally we sign up with other companies that work on our behalf, such as to handle the processing and delivery of systems, hosting websites or performing statistical analysis of our services. We will not disclose your personal data to third parties for the purposes of allowing them to market you.
3  Transfers of personal data
When sharing personal data to other parties as described above, we sometimes need to transfer personal data to a country outside the EEA in order to be able to fulfil one of the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement. As an example, we may need to transfer personal data to Kvaerner’s subsidiaries outside the EEA in order to be able to offer you a job if you have applied for a position outside of the EEA. Kvaerner’s BCR provides a legal basis for transfer of personal data from group companies within the EEA to group companies outside the EEA. For more information about the BCR and group companies bound by the BCR, please see the public version of the BCR. Kvaerner will not transfer personal data to a third country outside of the EEA that does not provide adequate protection of personal data unless appropriate safeguards are adduced or the transfer otherwise takes place in accordance with applicable data protection legislation. Examples of such safeguards are Binding Corporate Rules, EU Standard Contractual Clauses or if the receiving party is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield.
4  Cookies
The Kvaerner website uses cookies to ensure you get the best user experience. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your device to track usage patterns and record preferences. If you continue browsing, we assume you accept the use of cookies. You can block and delete cookies by adjusting your browser settings. Please note that this may impact website functionality and user experience. For more details, go to http://aboutcookies.org
5  Security of processing
We will process your personal data securely and will apply and maintain appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, in particular where the processing involves the transmission of data over a network, and against all other unlawful forms of processing. Access to personal data is strictly limited to personnel of Kvaerner and its controlled business units and affiliates who have appropriate authorization and a clear business need for that data.
6  Retention and deletion of data
Your personal data will be retained as long as necessary to fulfil the legitimate purpose(s) for the processing and as long as required by law. If you or your employer have a contractual relationship with us, any personal data will be retained as long as necessary to enable us to fulfil our obligations relating to that contractual relationship. If you apply for a job through our website, we will retain your personal data for one year from the position is filled, and delete it thereafter, unless you request us to retain it for a longer period of time in order to notify you of similar job offerings. If you consent to certain processing, we store your personal data until you withdraw your consent or once the personal data is no longer necessary for achieving the purpose of the processing.
7  Your rights as a data subject
You have certain rights in respect of the personal data concerning you. Which rights you have, depend on the circumstances and applicable law:
• You are entitled to be informed upon request of what personal data, if any, Kvaerner processes about you, and to receive a copy of that data• You may also a right to have your personal data rectified or deleted.• You can request that some or all of the processing of your personal data is restricted• Under certain conditions, you can also object to the processing• You may also have a right to receive a copy of personal data that you have provided to us to have it transferred to another data controllerTo exercise your rights as a data subject, or if you wish to make a complaint regarding our compliance with this Privacy Statement or our BCR, please contact the SVP HR & Org. dep. or use the other contact details as set out in section 10 below. You also have the right to complain to the Data Protection Authority, but we encourage you to make a complaint directly to Kvaerner before filing such complaint.
8  Privacy statement of third parties
This Privacy Statement addresses the collection, use and disclosure of personal data by Kvaerner and does not address or govern the privacy practices adopted by third parties on third party websites or in relation to third party services that may be accessible through use of the website. Although we try only to link to websites that share our high standards for privacy, we are not in any way responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by third party websites or third party services. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with the privacy policies applicable to such websites or services prior to providing them with your personal data. 9  Governing law and jurisdiction The kvaerner.com website is governed by Norwegian law, and the District Court of Oslo shall be the legal venue with exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute arising from your use of this website. 10  How to contact usIf you have any questions regarding this Privacy Statement or you want to exercise your rights related to personal data concerning you please contact us at privacy@kvaerner.com Effective date: 11 July, 2018 / Last updated 11 July, 2018
About Us
Kvaerner is a project execution specialist and a trusted advisor for our customers. We provide engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) services and deliver advanced offshore platforms, onshore plants, floating production units (i.e. FPSOs) and renewable energy solutions. Our passion, experience and expertise realise values for costumers and societies. Kværner ASA, through its subsidiaries and affiliates ("Kvaerner"), is an international contractor and preferred partner for operators and contractors within oil and gas, renewable energy and in the field of engineering and fabrication.
Read more
Solutions
Steel Substructures
Topsides
Concrete Solutions
UWP/Subsea on a Stick®
Services
Decommissioning Services
Marine Operations
Platform modification and upgrades
Onshore Facilities
Investors
The share
Shareholder Services
Key Financials
Financial Calendar
Corporate Governance
News and stock exchange announcements
Other events and presentations
Work with us
See all jobs
Headquarters
Snarøyveien 20, NO-1360 Fornebu
Postal address
PO Box 74
NO-1325 Lysaker
+ 47 21 08 90 00
© 2020 Kvaerner
|
Feedback
|
Kvaerner Privacy Statement