http://www.twinvalleyfarms.com/privacy/
Privacy:
TVF Homes Inc. ("TVF Homes Inc.")
operates http://www.twinvalleyfarms.com and may operate other websites. It
is TVF Homes Inc.'s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, TVF Homes Inc. collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. TVF Homes Inc.'s purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how TVF Homes Inc.'s visitors use its website. From time to
time, TVF Homes Inc. may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
TVF Homes Inc. also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://www.twinvalleyfarms.com
blogs/sites. TVF Homes Inc. only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to TVF Homes Inc.'s websites choose to interact
with TVF Homes Inc. in ways that require TVF Homes Inc. to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that TVF Homes Inc. gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at http://www.twinvalleyfarms.com to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with TVF Homes Inc. are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, TVF Homes Inc. collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
TVF Homes Inc.. TVF Homes Inc. does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
TVF Homes Inc. may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. TVF Homes Inc. may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, TVF Homes Inc. does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
TVF Homes Inc. discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on TVF Homes Inc.'s behalf or to provide services available
at TVF Homes Inc.'s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using TVF Homes Inc.'s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. TVF Homes Inc. will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, TVF Homes Inc. discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when TVF Homes Inc. believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of TVF Homes Inc., third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an TVF Homes Inc. website and have supplied your email address, TVF Homes Inc.
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with TVF Homes Inc. and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. TVF Homes Inc. takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. TVF Homes Inc. uses cookies to
help TVF Homes Inc. identify and track visitors, their usage of TVF Homes Inc.
website, and their website access preferences. TVF Homes Inc. visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using TVF Homes Inc.'s websites, with the drawback that certain features
of TVF Homes Inc.'s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If TVF Homes Inc., or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that TVF Homes Inc. goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of TVF Homes Inc. may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by TVF Homes Inc. and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, TVF Homes Inc. may change
its Privacy from time to time, and in TVF Homes Inc.'s sole
discretion. TVF Homes Inc. encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy. If you have a http://www.twinvalleyfarms.com account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Partners
Recent Posts
Benefits of Hiring Professional Home Builders
What You Need to Consider When Buying a Summerhouse
Learn About the Roofing Venture
Factors to Consider Before Hiring a Mosquito Control Company
What You Need to Know About Summer-Ready Residence
What You Should Know Before Renting an Apartment
Business Tips – How to Start Marketing Your Construction Compaby
Things To Look At When Shopping For Cordless Vacuum Cleaner
How to Pick a Wildlife Control Company
Four Pointers For Choosing Palm Bay Animal Removal
Benefits Of Buying A Memory Foam Mattress
Outdoor speakers and their role in outdoor entertainment
Tips for choosing a sauna
Tips to Hiring A Professional Painter
The Benefits Of Hiring The Best Garden Maintenance And Landscaping Services
Tips For Fighting Pests At Home
Reasons to choose Big Canoe Homes
Benefits of Professional Pool Cleaning
Benefits Of Investing In Home Cleaning Appliances
Top Reasons to Use Property Listings over Realtors
Professional home cleaners – How to choose the best
Benefits of Pest Control in your Home
4 Common HVAC Problems
How To Get Boxelder Bugs Out Of Your Home
Reasons to hire professional painters for your home
Top five types of floors to choose from
Pages
About Us
Ask A Question
Electricity
Privacy
Terms
Check out
Social Media IconsCalculate Mortgage PaymentsTotal AmountDown PaymentInterest RateAmortization PeriodPayment PeriodMonthlyBi-WeeklyWeeklyGet informed