https://www.digitaris.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: September 10, 2018
Digitaris Technologies ("Digitaris", "us", "we", or "our") operates the https://www.digitaris.com website (the "Service" or "Services"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://www.digitaris.com  If you do not agree with this policy, please do not use our Services.
Definitions
Service - Service is the corporate website (https://www.digitaris.com) operated by Digitaris Technologies, and its related member portal website (https://members.digitaris.com) and client portal website (https://clients.digitaris.com).
Personal Data - Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data - Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies - Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Data Controller - Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
Data Processor or Service Provider - Data Processor or Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject or User - Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
First name and Last name
Email address
Phone number
Address, City, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code
Cookies and Usage Data
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us. Please be aware that if you opt-out of receiving commercial e-mail from us, it may take up to ten business days for us to process your opt-out request, and you may receive commercial e-mail from us during that period. Additionally, even after you opt-out from receiving commercial messages from us, you will continue to receive administrative messages from us regarding our Service.
And of course, if you email us, call us, or otherwise reach out to us, we’ll gather the information you provide so that we may best answer your questions and provide you the support you deserve!
Personal Information does not include “aggregate” or other non-personally identifiable information. Aggregate information is information that we collect about a group or category of products, Service, or users that is not personally identifiable or from which individual identities are removed.
Usage Data
We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (IP address), browser type, browser version, operating system name and version, screen resolution, language, plug-ins, add-ons, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, the pages that led or referred you to our Service, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We also may collect information regarding your interaction with e-mail messages, such as whether you opened, clicked on, or forwarded a message. When you operate an UAV via the Service, we automatically collect, among other information, information identifying the vehicle, flight path, flight logs and sensor data, where applicable.
Location Data
We may use and store information about your location if you give us permission to do so (“Location Data”). We use this data to provide enhanced features of our Service, to improve and customize our Service. You can enable or disable location services when you use our Service at any time, as supported through your device settings.
Tracking Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information. Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent, however, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service. Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Digitaris uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or inquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Digitaris' legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it. Digitaris may process your Personal Data because:
We need to perform a contract with you
You have given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it's not overridden by your rights
For payment processing purposes
To comply with the law
Retention of Data
Digitaris will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We retain Personal Data after we cease providing Services to you, even if you close your Digitaris account, to the extent necessary to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations, and for the purpose of fraud monitoring, detection and prevention. We also retain Personal Data to comply with our tax, accounting, and financial reporting obligations, where we are required to retain the data by our contractual commitments to our partners and service providers, and where data retention is mandated by the payment methods that we support. Where we retain data, we do so in accordance with any limitation periods and records retention obligations that are imposed by applicable law.
Digitaris will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to improve the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction. If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there. Also, we may transfer your data from the U.S. to other countries or regions in connection with storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests, and operating the Service. Your use of the Service represents your consent to this Privacy Policy and your agreement to that transfer. Digitaris will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
How We Disclose Personal Data
Digitaris does not sell or rent Personal Data to marketers or unaffiliated third-parties. We share your Personal Data with trusted entities, as outlined below.
a.  Digitaris. We share Personal Data with other Digitaris entities in order to provide our Services and for internal administration purposes.
b.  Service Providers. We share Personal Data with a limited number of our service providers. We have service providers that provide services on our behalf, such as banks and payment method providers (such as credit card networks) when we provide payment processing services, identity verification services, website hosting, data analysis, information technology and related infrastructure, customer service, email delivery, and auditing services. These service providers may need to access Personal Data to perform their services. We authorize such service providers to use or disclose the Personal Data only as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements. We require such service providers to contractually commit to protect the security and confidentiality of Personal Data they process on our behalf. Our service providers are predominantly located in the European Union and the United States of America.
c.  Business Partners. We share Personal Data with third-party business partners when this is necessary to provide our Services to our Users. Examples of third-parties to whom we may disclose Personal Data for this purpose are professional services firms that we partner with to deliver Digitaris services.
d.  Our Users and Third-Parties Authorized by Our Users. We share Personal Data with Users as necessary to maintain a User account and provide the Services. We share data with parties directly authorized by a User to receive Personal Data, such as when a User authorizes a third-party application provider to access the User’s Digitaris account. The use of Personal Data by an authorized third-party is subject to the third-party’s privacy policy.
e.  Corporate Transactions. In the event that we enter into, or intend to enter into, a transaction that alters the structure of our business, such as a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, change of control, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock, we may share Personal Data with third-parties for the purpose of facilitating and completing the transaction.
f.  Compliance and Harm Prevention. We share Personal Data as we believe necessary: (i) to comply with applicable law, or payment method rules; (ii) to enforce our contractual rights; (iii) to protect the rights, privacy, safety and property of Digitaris, you or others; and (iv) to respond to requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, which may include authorities outside your country of residence.
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
"Do Not Track" Signals
We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
California Privacy Rights
Digitaris does not monitor, recognize, or honor any opt-out or do not track mechanisms, including general web browser “Do Not Track” settings and/or signals. If an End User is a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83(c)(2) permits such individual to request information regarding the disclosure of his/her information by Digitaris to third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send us an email to privacy@digitaris.com.
Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Digitaris aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data. If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us. In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Digitaris relied on your consent to process your personal information. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data.For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. These third-parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics - Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data may be shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Behavioral Remarketing
Digitaris uses remarketing services to advertise on third-party websites to you after you visited our Service.We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.
Google AdWords Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc. You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: http://www.google.com/settings/ads  Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on - https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout - for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Facebook Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc. You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page: https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950 To opt-out from Facebook's interest-based ads follow these instructions from Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217  Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA http://www.aboutads.info/choices/, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada http://youradchoices.ca/ or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/, or opt-out using your mobile device settings. For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook's Data Policy: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g.payment processors). We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover.PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information. The payment processors we work with are:
Stripe Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://stripe.com/us/privacy
PayPal or Braintree Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third-party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Children’s safety is important to us, and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active interest in the online activities of their children. Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 18, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 without obtaining parental consent. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13 on our Service, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we may have collected any such personal information on our Service, please notify us at support@digitaris.com.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We occasionally update this Policy. When we do, we will also revise the “last updated” date at the beginning of the Policy. Your continued use of our Service after such changes will be subject to the then-current policy. We encourage you to periodically review this Policy to stay informed about how we collect, use, and disclose your information.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: support@digitaris.com
Digitaris Technologies
HEADQUARTERS
U.S. - 214.728.9780
info@digitaris.com
1811 Meadowcove Dr. Richardson, TX 75081
Copyright © 1997-2020 Digitaris Technologies
HomePortfolioAboutContact Us
Privacy Policy