http://www.propertyandcasualty.com/doc/mercury-insurance-offers-contactless-home-inspections-to-policyholders-in-new-york-and-new-jersey-through-flyreel-0001
Mercury Insurance Offers Contactless Home Inspections To Policyholders In New York And New Jersey Through Flyreel
Sign in
or
Sign-up
Product Showcase
News
News
| August 25, 2020
Mercury Insurance Offers Contactless Home Inspections To Policyholders In New York And New Jersey Through Flyreel
LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)--
Today, Mercury Insurance announced that the company is offering New York and New Jersey homeowners policyholders DIY inspection services using an advanced Artificial Intelligence (AI) assistant. Created by Flyreel, the app guides homeowners through a self-inspection of their property and gives them the option for a contactless experience, helping policyholders maintain their physical distance from those outside of the household during the COVID-19 pandemic. The AI assistant is available to download as a mobile app from the Apple App Store and Google Play.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20200825005329/en/
Mercury Insurance now offers a DIY inspection services app for homeowners in New York and New Jersey to minimize in-person home visits when assessing a property. (Photo: Business Wire)
“We do so much with smartphones now that giving our insureds the ability to use photos and video to capture and verify the characteristics of their property made so much sense,” said Holly Sacks, Mercury Insurance portfolio underwriter. “The AI in our app is top-class, making it super simple to complete a self-inspection. The step-by-step instructions are easy to follow and fun to use!”
New Mercury homeowner policyholders will be emailed a link to download the app and activate it. Then, they can complete the self-inspection at their leisure with no appointment needed. The virtual inspection is conducted with state-of-the-art AI, high fidelity video and a conversation feature to streamline the experience while capturing everything Mercury needs to accurately underwrite a policy. It also helps catalog belongings and building materials in the event the customer needs to file a claim. On average, the self-inspection process takes less than 30 minutes.
Flyreel, Mercury’s home inspection app technology partner, is the pioneer in developing advanced AI to help insurance providers protect policyholders and their property using AI-assisted, self-service inspections.
“We’re grateful for the opportunity to support Mercury Insurance as they push the envelope of innovation, deploying the best of today’s technology to better serve their customers,” said Cole Winans, CEO of Flyreel. “Their relentless commitment to protecting homeowners while delivering an industry-leading customer experience makes us proud to be their partner.”
Visit https://www.mercuryinsurance.com/insurance/homeowners/ to learn more about Mercury’s products and services.
About Mercury Insurance
Mercury Insurance (MCY) is a multiple-line insurance organization predominantly offering personal automobile, homeowners and business insurance through a network of independent agents in Arizona, California, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, Oklahoma, Texas and Virginia. Since 1962, Mercury has specialized in offering quality insurance at affordable prices. For more information, visit www.mercuryinsurance.com or Facebook and follow the company on Twitter.
About Flyreel
Flyreel provides Total Property UnderstandingTM for underwriting, loss control and claims. Flyreel’s advanced AI assistant guides users through fully configurable workflows. As users scan their property with their smartphone camera, Flyreel’s proprietary computer vision technology automatically documents critical property data like hazards, risks, features, materials and more. Flyreel’s AI Assistant can “react and respond” to data collected by the policyholder, adapting and customizing conversational workflows based on the unique attributes that it “sees” in near real-time. To learn more about Flyreel, visit https://www.flyreel.co/.
View source version on businesswire.com:
https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20200825005329/en/
Copyright Business Wire 2020
Like what you are reading?
Sign up for our free newsletter
SIGN ME UP
I agree to the Terms and
Privacy Statement
Newsletter Signup
Get the latest industry news, insights, and analysis delivered to your inbox.
Join your peers
I agree to the Terms and Privacy Statement.
SIGN ME UP
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more
Got it!
About Us
Contact Property and Casualty.com
Editorial Submission Guidelines
Copyright
© 1996-2020 VertMarkets, Inc.
All Rights Reserved.
Terms of Use.
Privacy Statement.
Subscriber Request Form.
Don't sell my information