http://www.lancashirechemicals.com/privacy
About Plater
Plater Chemicals
Plater Production
Daltrade Chemicals
Plater High Purity
Plater Bio
Plater Nitrates
Our Team
Brand Values
History
Community
Standards and Accreditations
Plater Group
Products
Services
Industry Sectors
Media
Media
News
Blog
Case Studies
Contact
Enquiry Form
Chemical Listing
Contact us: on +44 (0)1283 792600 or enquiries@platergroup.co.uk
Privacy Policy
Chemical Listing
Privacy StatementPlater Group appreciates your interest in our products and our company. Data privacy is important to us and we want to inform you about the information Plater Group collects and how that data is handled. This statement applies to Plater Group and the www.platergroup.co.uk website (“Website”). This statement also applies to all affiliated websites which may be operated by our group companies, unless otherwise indicated on those sites.We collect information you choose to submit to fulfill the objective you have requested and for general business management purposes. That information may include your name, company name, postal address, email address, telephone number, and other identifiers that permit physical or online contact. If you provide your information to Plater Group, including name and email address, we may send you communications via email containing information about special features featured on the Website or any other service or products we think may be of interest to you. Plater Group may collect information which is based upon your behavior and navigation on the Websites. This information allows us to carry out internal research on users’ interests, demographics and behavior so that we can better understand, and in turn provide better information, products and services to you and other customers. Please note the information collected only maps IP address and does not contain individual name or identifying information."Cookies" are small text files that record internet users’ online activity. Cookies in use on the Website do not collect information that personally identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and anonymous. This information is only used to improve the performance and design of the website. Certain features on now and in future versions of this Website are only available if you enable ‘cookies’ in your web browser. You are free to disable the use of cookies although that may impair certain features on the Website.  We may also track certain information through the use of JavaScript code and third party website analytics providers. Please note that this does not provide us with personal details.Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers. When a user turns on DNT, the browser sends a message to websites requesting that they don’t track the user. The ability to use DNT depends on the browser used to access our website. Some latest versions of browsers are able to implement DNT that will be respected by Plater Group. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Statement, Plater Group takes steps to protect all Personal Data from being disclosed to any third parties except when required or permitted by law. Plater Group may use your information to assist in the prevention of unlawful activities, in connection with actual or proposed litigation, or to protect our property, security, people and other rights or interests. We may also share your Personal Data with companies in our group and/or our affiliates.If we or any part of our group is sold, or some of its assets transferred to a third party, your Personal Data may also be transferred to the acquirer, even if they are not in the same line of business as us. Potential purchasers and their advisors may have limited access to Personal Data as part of the sale process. However, use of your Personal Data will remain subject to this Privacy Statement. We may occasionally post updates to this Privacy Statement. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Enquiry Form