http://www.connetics.co.nz/privacy/
PRIVACYPrivacy Policy - GeneralAt Connetics we respect your privacy and the confidentiality of your personal data. The following document outlines how we manage and use your data.Where do we collect your personal data?Connetics collects your data through our website https://www.connectics.co.nz/.Why do we collect your personal data?Your personal data is collected when filling out a form to contact us through our website. This is entirely voluntary and with explicit authorisation, allowing Connetics to contact you. Data is also tracked for marketing purposes and to inform site performance and user experience. We may hold and process personal data that you provide us for 3 years, in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).What personal data do we collect?Connetics collects the following personal data: First name and surname, email address and phone number, with the message you supply us. Additionally, data is collected indirectly through cookies, geo referencing data, widgets, etc. when you interact with our website. Cookies are used to measure the number of visitors to our website, record how users interact with our website, and identify user devices. Cookies will also be used for digital marketing purposes to help us serve relevant ads to you.How do we treat personal data?All personal data is collected directly by Connetics with the purpose of sending information to users by email, as outlined in the terms and conditions above. All data is treated confidentially and is stored in a database with limited access to authorised Connetics staff, who will strictly use it for the purposes outlined above.What security measures are in place to protect personal data?Connetics use technological and administrative security measures to protect your information. All data collected through our website is communicated on the internet via Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS). Additionally, all data is stored in encrypted databases managed by Connetics and periodical backs ups are done to minimise the probability of losing information if the storage system fails.What happens if there is a violation of our security systems?If a violation in our security system occurs which results in non-permitted access to your data by third parties we will contact you by email within 7 business days.How can I request to update or remove my personal data?If you want to update or remove your personal data just send us a message via our form on the contact page. Or you can contact us directly on 03-353 7200.Will your data be shared with a third party(s)?Your user behaviour data can be shared with third parties, namely infrastructure suppliers (server, web hosting service and email) or other suppliers that may use the data to perform operational tasks such as email marketing software. We do not share email addresses or personal information, unless you have requested us to.What happens with personal data transmitted for the purposes of requesting contact?This personal data will be used exclusively for its intended purpose - to contact.Can this privacy policy change?Yes, depending on legislation and technology updates it is possible that our privacy policy will change. All the changes will be added to this document and will be available online though our website.Do you have any questions about our privacy policy?If you have any questions about our privacy policy please send us a message via our form. Or you can contact us directly on 03-353 7200.