https://www.pernod-ricard.com/en/terms-and-conditions/
Pour visionner le site veuillez s'il vous plaît utiliser le mode "paysage"
Pour visionner le site veuillez s'il vous plaît utiliser le mode "portrait"
Skip to main content
Please enjoy our brands responsibly.
HomeTerms and conditions
You are on the official website of Pernod Ricard.
GENERAL INFORMATION
ACCESS TO THIS SITE IS RESTRICTED TO PERSONS OVER THE LEGAL DRINKING AGE IN THEIR COUNTRY
The use or access of the site is conditional upon your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions.
We reserve the right to amend these Terms and Conditions at our discretion, at any time and without notice. The modification shall come into effect when posted online. The users are invited to check from time to time these Terms and Conditions in order to be informed of any amendments.
LEGAL INFORMATION
Editor of the site
Pernod Ricard SA, a "société anonyme" governed by French law, with a share capital of 411,403,467.60 €, registered at the Trade and Company Registry of Paris under number 582 041 943 with its registred office 12 Place des Etats-Unis, 75116 Paris, France (« Pernod Ricard »).
Chief Editor: Olivier Cavil
Hosting
Pantheon Systems, Inc., 717 California Street, 3rd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94108
Contact
For all information related to the site’s operation or its use, contact the Digital Communication Department: digital.communications@pernod-ricard.com
ACCESSING OUR SITE
The access to the site and its use are for private and personal use only.
You hereby agree to refrain from using this site and the information or data it contains for commercial, political or promotional purposes or for any form of sales prospecting, particularly spamming.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
The site, the domain name of the Website, the marks as well as all the content and all other elements (including but not limited to: architecture, tree, logos, Visual, texts, comments, illustrations, images animated or not, files, sequences, video, sounds, etc.) reproduced on the Website are protected under applicable laws relating to intellectual property and/or databases. They are the full property of Pernod Ricard or its partners. Any reproduction, representation, adaptation or translation, in any form whatsoever, in whole or in part of the site or elements of the site without the prior written approval of Pernod Ricard is strictly forbidden and involves the responsibility of its author.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
The site may link up users to other websites of third parties and/or affiliates or subsidiaries of Pernod Ricard SA, through hyperlinks; this is a service available to the user. Pernod Ricard has no control over these linked sites and cannot be held responsible for their content. It is therefore your responsibility to read carefully their terms and conditions or privacy policies.
The implementation of all hyperlinks by a third party to all or part of the site is strictly prohibited, except prior written approval of Pernod Ricard. In any case, such link must be removed immediately upon simple request of Pernod Ricard.
LIABILITIES
To ensure proper management of the site, Pernod Ricard may, at any time, suspend, interrupt or limit without prior notice, the access to all or part of the site, delete any information liable to disrupt the functioning of the site or in breach of any laws or regulations, or temporarily take down the site for maintenance or updating.
Pernod Ricard shall not be liable for interruption of connection, server failures, electrical or other problems related to the Internet network, especially in the case of failure, breakdown, difficulty or interruption of functioning, preventing access to the site or any of its features.
The user of the site acknowledges that his material connection to the site is under its full responsibility and that he has to take all appropriate measures to protect its own data against virus attacks.
The user is also solely responsible for the sites and data that it consults.
Pernod Ricard shall be held liable for any legal proceedings against the user due to the use of the site or any service available through the Internet.
Finally, the user of the site acknowledges that it remains liable for any damage caused to himself, to third parties and/or its equipment due to its connection or use of the site.
PRIVACY POLICY
All your personal information you will have communicated to Pernod Ricard when using the site, including such personal data information that have been collected during any registration process or order, are subject to the Privacy Policy of the site, which forms an integral part of the Terms and Conditions and which is accessible here or from a link provided at the bottom of every page of the site.
We recommend you to review this Privacy Policy on a regular basis, to ensure that you are aware of the latest modification.
COOKIES
See our cookies policy
APPLICABLE LAW
These Terms and Conditions are governed by French law
Pernod Ricard Headquarters contact:
5, Cours Paul Ricard
75380 Paris CEDEX 08
+33 (0)170931600
Journalists :
+33 (0)1 41 00 44 04
Email
Institutional investors :
Email
Individual Shareholders :
+33 (0) 800 880 953 (Freephone within France)
Email