https://www.prime-meridian.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Home
Services
Architectural Services
Structural Engineering
Sustainability Consultancy
Projects
About
Blog
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
At Prime Meridian Limited, we take protecting your privacy extremely seriously. It is really important to us that you trust us with your personal information, so we want to make sure that you understand what information we hold about you and how we collect, store and process it in order to provide our services to you.
Please read this privacy policy carefully and if you have any questions about this policy or what we do with your personal information, please fill out the form in the ‘Accessing your personal information’ section below.
What personal information do we collect?
The personal information we collect from you will depend on the service you have requested from us. This information may include your full name, email address, telephone number, business name, business address and website address.
What do we use your personal information for?
We will process the information that you provide to us in the following ways for the purpose of (and on the basis of) providing the services we have been engaged to deliver to you:
to provide you with estimates and invoices for the requested services
to provide you with regular updates on topics relevant to the services we are providing
where you have consented to us doing so, to provide you with further information about Prime Meridian Limited and our other services.
How do we protect your personal information?
We aim to protect your personal information in the following ways:
keeping information up to date, primarily through regular contact with you
storing information in secure locations, including information stored electronically
destroying information which is no longer relevant, unless we have a legitimate reason or statutory obligation to retain it
minimising, wherever practicable, the number of staff or third parties who have access to your information.
How long do we keep your personal information?
Wherever practicable, we will retain your personal information for no longer than is necessary; however, there are circumstances in which we will keep your information for longer, including;
where we have a statutory or regulatory obligation to retain the information (we are required to keep certain information for specified minimum periods, and in some cases indefinitely, depending on the services we provide)
to ensure our business is properly run in an efficient and compliant manner.
Who else has access to your personal information?
In order to provide you with the services that you have requested from us, there are a number of third parties who may also need to process your personal information:
1&1
Our domain names provider. Their privacy policy can be found at https://www.1and1.co.uk/terms-gtc/terms-privacy/
Krystal Hosting
Our website hosting provider. Their privacy policy can be found at https://krystal.uk/terms
As the requirements of Prime Meridian Limited change, we may need to change the third parties who process your information to meet those requirements.
In some cases, third parties may be based outside of the European Economic Area (EEA); however, Prime Meridian Limited will always ensure these third parties operate as if they were based inside the EEA in terms of data protection as part of our due diligence.
Please note that where you enter into a contract with a third party following a recommendation by Prime Meridian Limited (for example, Google AdWords), the third party will become the “data controller” of any information provided to them, either by you or by us with your consent. If your engagement were to end with Prime Meridian Limited, this would not end your engagement with the third party (for example, your Google AdWords would still be active).
Accessing your personal information
You have the following rights regarding your personal information:
to make a request to see the personal information we hold about you
to change/update the personal information we hold about you
to ask us to erase the personal information we hold about you, unless there is a statutory, regulatory or otherwise legitimate reason for us not to comply (we will always provide you with more details about your rights in our response to your request)
to ask us to provide you or a third party with the personal information we hold about you.
If you wish to exercise any of your rights regarding your personal information we hold about you, please contact us. Once you have submitted the form, we will be in touch as soon as possible to assist with your request.
IP addresses and server logs
This site records IP addresses and produces server logs. This information is used solely for monitoring the volume of traffic the site receives and measuring the number of visitors. We do not use the information for tracking the activities of individual visitors to this site.
Use of cookies by this website
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. Any cookies that may be used by this website are used either solely on a per session basis or to maintain user preferences. Cookies are not shared with any third parties.
Necessary Cookies
PHPSESSID
This is an essential temporary cookie used to store data about your visit and any choices you make or data you enter. This cookie is deleted when you close your browser.
DYNSRV
This cookie is added by our load balancer to track which web server to send the visitor to. Its purpose is to improve the performance of the website.
cookie_notice_accepted
This cookie is added when you close our cookie notice bar.
Functionality Cookies
Google Analytics cookies ( _gat, _ga, _gid)
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visit. Click here for further information
Applicable law
This website and the use of it is governed by English law and English courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any related disputes.
Queries or concerns
If you are concerned about how we have treated your information, please fill in the form above and we will assist you to make things right. Alternatively, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office, who can be contacted via their website https://ico.org.uk.
This policy may be updated from time to time
Prime Meridian Limited reserves the right to change this Policy at any time, and any amended policy is effective upon posting to this Website. Prime Meridian Limited will make every effort to communicate any significant changes to you via email. Your continued use of our services will be deemed acceptance of any amended policy.