http://www.naturesone.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for Nature’s One, LLC
This Privacy Policy applies to information collected online by Nature’s One, Inc., its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively referred to as “Nature’s One”) in connection with its U.S.-based websites, microsites, mobile sites or mobile apps that expressly adopt, display or link to this Privacy Policy (collectively referred to as our “Sites”). It also applies to information Nature’s One collects in connection with its pages on social media sites, such as Facebook®, Twitter®, Instagram® or others (collectively referred to as our “Social Media Pages”).
Our Sites are not directed or intended to attract individuals under the age of 18, and we do not knowingly collect personal information online from visitors under the age of 18. No one under the age of 18 should provide information to Nature’s One using our Sites. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has violated this Privacy Policy and provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we may take steps to remove that information from our servers. If we become aware that we have collected information from children without verification of parental consent, we will take steps to remove that information from our servers.
By providing Nature’s One with any information, you accept, without limitation or qualification, this Privacy Policy and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, do not provide us with any information. Acceptance of this Privacy Policy constitutes a binding legal agreement between you and Nature’s One.
This Privacy Policy answers the following questions:
What information does Nature’s One collect about you on our Sites and Social Media Pages?
How do we use the information we collect about you?
How is technology used to serve our advertisements on other sites that you visit and what choices do you have?
Does Nature’s One share your information with third parties?
What choices do you have over how Nature’s One uses your information?
What are your California privacy rights?
How does Nature’s One secure your information on its Sites?
Will this Privacy Policy change?
How can I contact Nature’s One?
What information does Nature’s One collect about you on our Sites and Social Media Pages?
We and our third party service providers may collect information about you from a variety of sources, including when:
you provide us information
we observe or collect information through technology
we receive information about you from third parties
we collect information on our Social Media Pages
Information You Provide
We may ask you to provide information about yourself directly to our Sites, such as the following:
name
mailing and billing address
email address
work, home, or mobile telephone number
username and password
birthday
demographic information
information through customer satisfaction surveys
personal preferences, e.g., flavor, size, and delivery frequency, product survey-related responses
location information
payment card information
information that you provide to us through our Social Media Pages, via email, via the chat feature on our Sites, during customer service calls with us
We may allow you to use your personal social media account, on social media sites (“Personal Social Media Account”), to provide information to us when you participate in certain features on our Sites. This information may include any information you have shared on your Personal Social Media Accounts, such as the following:
your name
profile picture
gender
networks
user ID
list of friends
language
birthday
education
work history
address
interests
likes
country
It is also possible that we will be able to continue collecting this information from your Personal Social Media Accounts should the information be revised by you later. You may choose not to provide us with certain requested information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of some of the features on our Sites.
Information Observed or Collected Through Technology
A. Navigational Information. Navigational information, such as the following, is collected by us and our third party service providers when you use our Sites:
browser type and version
operating system
the Internet service provider used to access our Sites
IP Address
use of links to arrive at our Sites
web pages requested and viewed
time spent on our Sites
for our mobile websites and apps, technical information about the device used, such as screen size, cookie support by the device and how images may appear
B. Location Information. Our Sites and emails include features that may require collecting different types of location information that we then use for the specific feature you have selected, such as:
Find a store feature. Our Sites may allow you to search for retail locations carrying Nature’s One products near you. If you access one of our Sites through a mobile device and you have enabled location-based services, specific location information may be collected for these features. If you access these features through a desktop device, you may be able to choose to have your browser provide us your location information to respond to your request. The specificity of the desktop device location information can vary depending on the browser you are using and how you are connected to the internet.
Email. Our emails may use your IP Address to determine the postal code where you are located when you open the email. This allows us to tailor content to you, such as a map of nearby retail locations carrying Nature’s One products. The specificity of the location can vary depending on the device used to open our emails.
C. Cookies and Other Similar Technology. We and our third party service providers use “cookies.” Cookies assign a unique identification to your device and are typically stored on your device by your web browser. We may also use pixel tags (also known as web beacons, web bugs, and clear GIFs) on the Sites and in emails. A pixel tag is a nearly invisible pixel-sized graphic image on a webpage or in an email message.
The information we and our third party service providers collect through cookies, pixel tags and similar technology includes the following:
your interactions with our Sites and with our advertisements
the time of your visit to our Sites
confirmation when you open email from us, including the time you open the email and whether you click on any links in the email
sites you visit after visiting one of our Sites
You can control and delete certain cookies through your web browser settings. However, if you choose to do so, then you will not be able to use the full functionality of the Sites. Certain cookies expire and are automatically erased whenever you close your browser window. We do not control the use of third-party cookies or the resulting information, and we are not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties. If you do not wish for Nature’s One to use analytics cookies, please contact us at privacy@naturesone.zendesk.com.
For additional information on the use of cookies for advertising, see “3. How is technology used to serve our advertisements on other Sites that you visit and what choices do you have?”.
Information Obtained from Third parties
We may collect aggregate data from third parties that do not reasonably identify, relate to, describe, associate with, or link, directly or indirectly, to you. Such de-identified data ordinarily includes aggregate, summary, or other usage data, and may include, by way of example, statistics regarding total users of our Sites, information regarding types of Internet browsers used by users, click stream information, and widget usage patterns (collectively, the “Aggregate Information”). Nature’s One does not collect from these third parties information that would enable it to re-identify this information with a particular consumer and Nature’s One has policies and procedures in place to, among other things, safeguard against such a practice if it were possible.
Information Collected on Nature’s One Social Media Pages
Personal information may be collected directly by us through our Social Media Pages. The type of information we would collect is similar to what is described above under “Information You Provide.” Personal information may also be collected by the social media site hosting our Social Media Pages. Our Privacy Policy does not cover the privacy and security practices of the social media sites on which Nature’s One has its Social Media Pages.
2. How do we use the information we collect about you?
The information we learn from you helps us personalize your experience with us and our communications to you, and helps us continually improve your experience on our Sites.
We use the information you provide, information collected through your Personal Social Media Accounts, and information collected on our Social Media Pages for things like:
opening an online account
improving and developing our products
servicing our customers
advertising and marketing, including emails, social media postings, and postal mail
personalizing your experience when visiting our Sites
responding to your inquiries
conducting market research and surveys
conducting events, promotions, contests and sweepstakes
conducting analytics
processing your transaction
alerting you to changes to our Privacy Policy, Terms of Use, Terms and Conditions
We use navigational information gathered through technology for determining things like:
which parts of our Sites are most visited or used
what features/products are browsed
how to improve and better transact business
the effectiveness of our Sites
lead generation
difficulties visitors may experience in accessing our Sites
monitoring the number of visitors to our Sites
average time spent on our Sites
any programming errors or failures on any of our Sites
We use information collected through cookies and similar technology to determine many of the same things listed for navigational information above. In addition cookies and similar technology are used for things like:
personalizing your experience on our Sites
serving tailored ads on other sites, as described below
tailoring email marketing to you based on your preferences on or use of our Sites
determining return visitors
measuring the effectiveness of our advertising
We may also use information collected from you to verify and maintain the quality or safety of the Website, and its services and other related equipment, controlled by Nature’s One, detect security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecute those responsible for that activity, and comply with other legal obligations, for example, responding to legally binding requests from regulators, law enforcement authorities or other government authorities, exercise our legal rights where necessary, for example, to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, violations of law, or intellectual property infringement, and any other purposes disclosed to you at the time Nature’s One collects your information or pursuant to your consent.
We use third-party analytics providers, such as Google Analytics, to measure traffic and usage trends, and to help us better understand your use of and interaction with our Sites and Social Media Pages. You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on. For more information on how Google uses data when you use our Sites, click here.
Similar to the navigational information described above, the social media sites where we have our Social Media Pages may provide aggregate information and analysis to us about visitors to our Social Media Pages. This allows us to better understand and analyze our user growth, general demographic information about the users of, and interaction with content on, our Social Media Pages.
3. How is technology used to serve our advertisements on other sites that you visit and what choices do you have?
We may contract with third party advertising companies to tailor online advertising to be directed to you on other websites. These third party advertising companies place, use, or rely on technology, such as cookies and pixel tags, to obtain information about your interactions with our Sites as well as with other websites. This information helps us select advertising to serve to you and where to serve it based on your experience on our Sites and other sites that you visit.
For information about opt out programs that these third party advertising companies participate in, and the effect of opting out, click the following: DAA Opt Out click here or NAI Opt Out click here. By clicking this website, you will then leave our Site for another online site where you may specify your preferences under that opt-out program. You can also click the preference icon that may appear on some of our advertising served through these technologies.
Nature’s One does not use technology that recognizes a “do-not-track” (DNT) signal from your web browser, because we do not track users other than for aggregate analytics purposes. DNT is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable DNT by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
We may track your online activities over time and across third-party website or online services using exclusively aggregate information.
Third parties may collect data that relates to you. We cannot control third parties’ responses to do-not-track signals or other such mechanisms. Third parties’ use of data relating to you and responsiveness to do-not-track signals is governed by their respective privacy policies.
4. Does Nature’s One share your information with third parties?
We do not sell, rent, or trade your personal information to third parties except as set forth below. Nature’s One does not sell, rent, trade, or disclose information collected from its customers to third parties for their own direct marketing use, and expressly prohibits any third parties with which it shares such information from retaining, using, or disclosing this information for any purpose other than providing Nature’s One with the contracted for services, including prohibiting them from selling this information and retaining, using, or disclosing this information for any other purposes.
We may share your personal information with third parties for the following purposes:
facilitating your purchase
assisting in servicing our products
providing and improving our communications with you
responding to requests
analytics
cloud based and hosting services
when it is necessary for completing or servicing any transactions that you have authorized and, in some instances, to verify the existence or condition of your account with a financial institution, credit bureau or other third party
as required to cooperate with a subpoena, search warrant or other legally valid inquiry, court order or other legal process, or as required or permitted by law
to protect the rights, property or safety of our Sites, our users or others, including where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims
as necessary and appropriate to protect Nature’s One or others from harm due to fraud or other illegal activities.
If Nature’s One were ever merged with or acquired by another company, or if we acquire another business entity or are involved in a corporate reorganization or other change of control, or if we sell substantially all the assets of a division, affiliate or subsidiary, some or all of the personal information collected about you could be shared with the acquiring or acquired company.
We may disclose your personal information if we reasonably believe we are required to do so by law, regulation or other government authority or to protect our rights and property or the rights and property of the public. We may use third parties to assist it to investigate, protect against and help prosecute individuals responsible for malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity involving or affecting Nature’s One, our Sites, our products or our customers. This may include disclosures to law enforcement, prosecutors, and other entities to investigation potential criminal activity and other civil violations. We may also use third parties to assist it to comply with applicable laws, in response to a lawful and enforceable request by a law enforcement, judicial, or other public authority, or in connection with an applicable legal obligation or to protect our rights and property or the rights and property of the public.
We may also share aggregate data about our sales, customers, traffic patterns, and other related Site information with third parties, but none of this data is connected to an individual’s personal information.
5. What choices do you have over how Nature’s One uses your information?
We give you choices about the information we collect and how we communicate with you.
A. Email: You may opt-out of our marketing emails by following the instructions listed in the email that you received. However, even if you opt-out you may still receive non-marketing emails, such as customer service communications.
B. Location Information:
Mobile Device Location Information. Your mobile device settings may allow you to disable location-based services, which will prevent our Sites from accessing your precise mobile device location information. We recommend you review the help or user manual provided with your device for instructions.
Desktop Device Location Information. Your desktop web browser may allow you to remove permission you granted through your desktop device for our Sites to access your location information and/or completely block requests for location information. We recommend you review the help or user manual provided with your browser for instructions.
Email Location Information. Your email program may allow you to prevent the pixel tags or images in the emails you receive from us from downloading, which will also prevent our service provider from accessing your location information. You can also unsubscribe from receiving our emails, as described in the “Email” section above.
Postal Marketing: If you no longer want to receive marketing materials from us via regular postal mail, please call our customer service department at (888) 227-7122 or email us at privacy@naturesone.zendesk.com and tell us that you want to be removed from the Nature’s One postal mailing list, including the postal address you wish to have removed.
6. Your California Privacy Rights?
Under California law, including, but not limited to the California Consumer Privacy Act, California residents have rights to access, delete, or otherwise control covered businesses’ use, collection, and/or disclosure of their personal identification information. These rights include:
A. Right to Access/Disclosure. California residents have the right to have access to their personal identification information by submitting a verifiable request, free of charge, to a covered business.
B.Disclosure of Direct Marketers. California residents have the right to have access to their personal information shared with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes by submitting a verifiable request, free of charge, to a covered.
C. Collecting, Selling, Sharing, or Disclosing Personal Information. California residents have the right, after the covered business’s receipt of a verifiable request, to obtain a list of: (i) the specific pieces of the California resident’s personal information held by the covered business; (ii) the categories of the California resident’s personal information collected by the covered business, sold to third parties, or disclosed to third parties for business purposes; (iii) the categories of the California resident’s personal information sold within the last 12 months; (iv) the categories of the sources from which the California resident’s personal information is collected by the covered business; (v) the covered business’s business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the California resident’s personal information; and (vi) the categories of third parties with whom the California resident’s personal information is shared, sold, or disclosed for a business or commercial purpose by the covered business.
D. Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information. Under California Law, California residents have the right to opt-out of the sale of their personal identification information by a covered business under certain circumstances. As confirmed above, Nature’s One does not sell its customers Personal Identification Information
E. Right to Deletion / “Right to be Forgotten.” Under California Law, California residents have the right to have their personal identification information deleted under certain circumstances after providing the covered business with a verifiable request.
F. Right to Data Portability. Under California Law, California residents have the right to have their personal identification information directly transferred by the covered business to a third-party processor of the California resident’s choice (where technically feasible; may be limited to situations when processing is based on consent).
G. Right to Non-Discrimination. As defined under relevant California law, California residents have a right to non-discrimination in the services or quality of Services received from a covered business eve if they exercise their rights under California law.
Please refer to Submitting a Verifiable Request to Nature’s One, below, for information about exercising any rights that you have under California law. We may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
H. Submitting a Verifiable Request to Nature’s One. California residents have certain rights to access, delete, or otherwise control the use, collection, and/or disclosure of their personal identification information by a covered business. A covered business is entitled to verify the requesting individual’s identity to protect the personal identification information, and ensuring that the personal identification information is not shared with someone impersonating you or someone who is not authorized to act on your behalf.
You may submit a verifiable request to Nature’s One by emailing privacy@ privacy@naturesone.zendesk.com, writing to 8754 Cotter Street Lewis Center, Ohio 43035, or calling (888) 227-7122. Nature’s One will ask you to provide information about yourself so that we can verify your identity as part of this process. This information may include your name, Authorized User Account user name, or any other information deemed necessary by Nature’s One to reasonably verify your identity, to ensure that your information is not shared with anyone impersonating you. We may ask for additional information if we have difficulty confirming your identity. We will not share your information or honor other requests in those situations in which we are unable to confirm a request for your information is a “verifiable request.”
Under California law, a California resident can appoint an “authorized agent” to make certain verifiable requests on their behalf, such as the right to know what information we collect about the consumer or to request deletion of the consumer’s information. Because the security and privacy of your information is paramount, we will ask that you identify and provide permission in writing for such persons to act as your authorized agent and exercise your applicable rights under California law in such situations. This may require us to contact you directly and alert you that an individual has claimed to be your agent and is attempting to access or delete your information. We will also independently verify your identity to ensure that an unauthorized person is not attempting to impersonate you and exercise your rights without authorization. We will not share your information or honor any other requests in those situations where you cannot or do not grant permission in writing for an identified authorized agent to act on your behalf, or where we cannot independently verify your identity.
7. How does Nature’s One secure your information on its Sites?
Our Sites utilize encryption technology. We also have implemented other reasonable technical, administrative and physical measures designed to protect the personal information in our custody or control from unauthorized access, use, modification and disclosure. Moreover, we regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. While we implement these security measures on our Sites, you should be aware that 100% security is not always possible.
We may enable you to navigate to third-party websites through links on our Sites. We do this for your convenience. If it is not one of our Sites, we don’t endorse, may not have any affiliation with, do not control and aren’t responsible for those third-party websites and/or their Internet and web practices. Whether the third-party content appears within our Site environment (like a map frame), or you leave our Site for another website to view it, the terms, conditions, and privacy policies of those other websites govern your online experience. Please review their terms of service and privacy policies if you have any question about their practices.
8. Will this Privacy Policy change?
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it periodically. We will update the effective date of the Privacy Policy at the time a change is made.
9. How can I contact Nature’s One?
If you have questions or concerns with respect to our Privacy Policy, please contact us by emailing us at privacy@naturesone.zendesk.com, making sure to include your question, name and contact information.
If you believe that your copyrighted work or trademark has been uploaded, posted or copied to a Site is accessible on such Site in a way that constitutes copyright or trademark infringement, please contact Nature’s One by email at DMCALegal@naturesone.zendesk.com or by regular mail at:
Nature’s One8754 Cotter StreetLewis Center, Ohio 43035
Individuals with disabilities who are unable to usefully access this Privacy Policy on a Site may contact us at the above-listed contact information to inquire how they can obtain a copy of our Privacy Policy in another, more easily readable format.
Effective as of: January 1, 2020.
×