http://www.gsfcu.org/learn/disclosures/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
View All Savings Rates  |  View All Loan Rates
Can We Help You Find Anything?
Go!
Browse our suite of financial calculators.
Calculators
Compare our Visa Credit Card options.
Credit Cards
Learn about membership at ECSFCU.
Become a Member
Get directions to a branch, ATM or shared branch near you.
ATM/Shared Branch
Get started with our Mobile App!
Mobile Banking
What's New?
Dec. 9th 6pm Zoom on Educators Tours for July 2021
Read Full Article about Dec. 9th 6pm Zoom on Educators Tours for July 2021
SHRED Day - Saturday, Jan. 30, 2021
Read Full Article about SHRED Day - Saturday, Jan. 30, 2021
Latest COVID-19 Information
Read Full Article about Latest COVID-19 Information
Educational Heroes Video Series
Read Full Article about Educational Heroes Video Series
The Member Experience - A Journey of Excellence
Read Full Article about The Member Experience - A Journey of Excellence
2020-21 4.00%APY Summer Savings Plan
Read Full Article about 2020-21 4.00%APY Summer Savings Plan
Prepaid Visa Gift, Travel and Reloadable Cards
Read Full Article about Prepaid Visa Gift, Travel and Reloadable Cards
New Mobile Check Deposit Endorsement Requirement
As of July 1, 2018, this new endorsement, which includes the words "For Mobile Deposit Only" will be required
Read Full Article about New Mobile Check Deposit Endorsement Requirement
Financial Education
Financial Foundations Could you use an easy explanation of the basics? These short, understandable lessons will help you to make better decisions related to managing your money. Titles include: Checking Accounts, Car Loans, Preventing Overdraft Fees, Credit Cards, Mobile and Online Banking and Why You Should Pay More than the Minimum Balance on your Credit Card.Financial Foundations Articles
Building Financial Capacity
Adulting can feel overwhelming at times! Select from short but comprehensive modules on Creating a Budget, Credit Scores & Reports, Taxes: the Basics, Healthy Financial Habits, Debt Management, Identity Protection and How to Start Family Conversations about Money.
Building Financial Capacity Articles
Owning a HomeHome Ownership can feel overwhelming. Talk to us any time, but these articles will also educate you about the benefits and costs of all aspects of owning a home. Learn about Buying a Home, Mortgages, Mortgage Relief, Investment Property, Reverse Mortgages and Refinances.Owning a Home Articles
Investing in Your Future
Are you prepared for college tuition, one of life's emergencies or a comfortable retirement? Explore important financial planning topics like 529 plans, Emergency Savings, Health Savings Accounts, Sustainable Investing, IRA's, Estate Planing, and the FIRE Lifestyle.
Investing in Your Future Modules
Preparing for Retirement Modules
Members ECSFCU!
From the beginning of the process to the day of funding, Suzy and her assistant, Lance, were exactly what anyone would hope for when refinancing their home. They responded to all my questions with patience and in a timely manner. They let me know what to expect and when to expect it every step of the way. I couldn't be more pleased with the service I received. Thank you Suzy and Lance for making this so easy!
Elissa Ellis-MacLeod, on her ECSFCU home refinance
My Loan Officer, Mireya, is truly an asset to ECSFCU. She is competent, articulate, sweet and compassionate. When there was an error in the payoff of my car, Mireya personally took a credit union check and drove it to the dealer to correct it, the same day. We are thankful for the time and effort she put into this important transaction.  That’s customer service, and she is leading the pack!
Jack Charles, Grossmont High School District, retired
Kevin Miller likes to connect good people to great resources. He’s been an enthusiastic fan of East County Schools Federal Credit Union since 2013 when we were known to the education community as Grossmont Schools Federal Credit Union, more than five years ago. “Every person I’ve referred to ECSFCU has raved about the lower rates, better terms and great treatment they get.” From 4.00%APR eChecking to amazing auto loan rates to 0% interest classroom loans, he says, “There has never been a dropped ball or bad experience for anyone I’ve ever referred to ECSFCU.”
Kevin Miller - Administrative Pastor of Foothills Christian Church
I had a fantastic trip to Switzerland and Austria this past summer with East County Schools FCU and the SD East County Chamber of Commerce. This was my 6th trip with this fun group! The Educator Tour, guided by the infamous Steve Devan, is the perfect way to truly see and experience any country. The train ride through the Alps was a personal favorite and such an amazing experience. Seeing and hearing cows and goats with real bells grazing on the side of the mountains made me want to sing a favorite "Sound of Music" song and look for Heidi or her grandpa around every turn! I really felt immersed in the culture. The extra servings of warm apple strudel helped too!
I am a single traveler and all worries are put aside on these well-coordinated trips. Almost everything is taken care of for the travelers so I always feel spoiled! The fellow Educator Tour travelers that I have met from other districts and other walks of life have become my life-long friends! These trips are so dear to me that I have a separate savings travel account where I dedicate a small monthly amount to be ready for the next country!
Come join us!
Cathy Sprecco - First Grade Teacher in Lakeside Union School District
When I became an ECSFCU member, I immediately refinanced my house and got better rates for two cars. East County School employees who are just starting out, this is the best place to be! ECSFCU can help you secure your financial life.
Grant Nelson - 8th Grade History Teacher in La Mesa Spring Valley Schools
While overseas I found myself in the frightening situation of being out of cash and with two debit cards from other financial institutions that weren’t working, despite my travel notice pre-planning. ECSFCU’s amazing member services team stayed late on a Friday to approve and immediately fund a quick loan that made the rest of our trip wonderful. Nobody else does that! Not only is it something that I will never forget, but it’s something I want to tell everyone about.
Grant Nelson - 8th Grade History Teacher, La Mesa Spring Valley Schools
What mattered to me, was that I needed the money to buy a motorhome, and I needed it now. This is the fastest I've ever experienced for a loan. It's never been this easy or this pleasant and I could tell that this was simply the way ECSFCU serves all of their members; it's their culture. I wasn't a member when I started, but I am now.
Marcel Becker - General Manager, Trident Maritime Systems and Career Technical Education and Ethics in Business partner with GUHSD
After financing a newly purchased truck with ECS, Todd wrote: Thank you for your efficient and friendly service! I always appreciate the "small bank" customer service, but the "big bank" options!
Todd Linke, Mount Miguel HS Science Department
I've bought three cars through the credit union. They make it very easy, very simple, and you can't beat the interest rate. I highly endorse them, their friendly staff, and the service that East County Schools gives its members!
Karl Danielson Granite Hills HS Television, Film and Digital Media Teacher
ECSFCU is big enough to approve loans with great rates and small enough to provide personal service and products that are important to the educational community.
Randy Montesanto Grossmont Union High School District
We bank with East County Schools Federal Credit Union and learned they also have a great car buying service! We decided to look into it and ended up with the best customer service, an amazing price, no hassle of going to the dealership, and a brand new 2017 Honda Accord Sport! A year later, we were in need of another car for our growing family. It was an easy decision to go with the credit union and New Cars Inc again. The process and customer service didn’t disappoint once again, and we love our new 2018 Honda CRV! A big thank you to New Cars Inc and ECSFCU!
Carly and Luke Esquerra
Refer your Family Members to ECS!
Spouses, children, siblings, parents, and grandkids are all eligible to join with you.
Rates as low as 1.49%APR for a new or pre-owned ECSFCU auto loan!
APR=Annual Percentage Rate
Download Our Mobile App!
Find a Shared Branch or ATM