http://www.omegalaser.co.uk/privacy-policy
A specialist in low level laser... healing through light
+44 (0)1787 477551
CUSTOMER AREA
CONTACT US
Home
The Therapy
How it Works
Class 3B or Class 4
Laser Industry
Publications
Research
Medical
Arthritis
Wound Healing
Equipment
The Systems
Control Units
Laser Probes
Accessories
Veterinary
Veterinary Surgeons
Equine Therapists
Equine
Small Animals
Training
Training Overview
Training Courses
The Company
The Company
Agents & Associates
News
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Omega Laser Systems Ltd is committed to safeguarding your privacy. Contact us at info@omegalaser.co.uk if you have any questions or problems regarding the use of your Personal Data and we will gladly assist you.
By using this site and/or our services, you consent to the Processing of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is a part of our Terms and Conditions; by agreeing to Terms and Conditions you also agree to this Policy. In the event of collision of terms used in Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy, the latter shall prevail.
Table of Contents
Definitions used in this Policy
Data protection principles we follow
What rights do you have regarding your Personal Data
What Personal Data we gather about you
How we use your Personal Data
Who else has access to your Personal Data
How we secure your data
Information about cookies
External Links
Website Security
Social Media Content
Third Party Content
Contact information
Definitions
Personal Data – any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. Processing – any operation or set of operations which is performed on Personal Data or on sets of Personal Data. Data subject - a natural person whose Personal Data is being Processed. Child - a natural person under 16 years of age. We/us (either capitalised or not) – Omega Laser Systems Ltd
Data Protection Principles
We promise to follow the following data protection principles:
Processing is lawful, fair, transparent. Our Processing activities have lawful grounds. We always consider your rights before Processing Personal Data. We will provide you information regarding Processing upon request.
Processing is limited to the purpose. Our Processing activities fit the purpose for which Personal Data was gathered.
Processing is done with minimal data. We only gather and Process the minimal amount of Personal Data required for any purpose.
Processing is limited with a time period. We will not store your personal data for longer than needed.
We will do our best to ensure the accuracy of data.
We will do our best to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of data.
Data Subject's rights
The Data Subject has the following rights:
Right to information - meaning you have the right to know whether your Personal Data is being processed; what data is gathered, from where it is obtained and why and by whom it is processed.
Right to access - meaning you have the right to access the data collected from/about you. This includes your right to request and obtain a copy of your Personal Data gathered.
Right to rectification - meaning you have the right to request rectification or erasure of your Personal Data that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to erasure - meaning in certain circumstances you can request for your Personal Data to be erased from our records.
Right to restrict processing - meaning where certain conditions apply, you have the right to restrict the Processing of your Personal Data.
Right to object to processing - meaning in certain cases you have the right to object to Processing of your Personal Data, for example in the case of direct marketing.
Right to object to automated Processing - meaning you have the right to object to automated Processing, including profiling; and not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated Processing. This right you can exercise whenever there is an outcome of the profiling that produces legal effects concerning or significantly affecting you.
Right to data portability - you have the right to obtain your Personal Data in a machine-readable format or if it is feasible, as a direct transfer from one Processor to another.
Right to lodge a complaint - in the event that we refuse your request under the Rights of Access, we will provide you with a reason as to why. If you are not satisfied with the way your request has been handled, please contact us.
Right for the help of supervisory authority - meaning you have the right for the help of a supervisory authority and the right for other legal remedies such as claiming damages.
Right to withdraw consent - you have the right withdraw any given consent for Processing of your Personal Data.
Data we gather
Information you have provided us with This might be your e-mail address, name, billing address, home address etc - mainly information that is necessary for delivering you a product/service or to enhance your customer experience with us. We save the information you provide us with in order for you to comment or perform other activities on the website. This information includes, for example, your name and e-mail address.
Information automatically collected about you This includes information that is automatically stored by cookies and other session tools. For example, your IP address etc. This information is used to improve your customer experience. When you use our services or look at the contents of our website, your activities may be logged.
Information from our partners We gather information from our trusted partners with confirmation that they have legal grounds to share that information with us. This is either information you have provided them directly with or that they have gathered about you on other legal grounds. See the list of our partners here.
Publicly available information We might gather information about you that is publicly available.
How we use your Personal Data
We use your Personal Data in order to:
provide our service to you. This includes for example registering your account; providing you with other products and services that you have requested; providing you with promotional items at your request and communicating with you in relation to those products and services; communicating and interacting with you; and notifying you of changes to any services.
We use your Personal Data on legitimate grounds and/or with your Consent.
On the grounds of entering into a contract or fulfilling contractual obligations, we Process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
to identify you;
to provide you a service or to send/offer you a product;
to communicate either for sales or invoicing;
On the grounds of legitimate interest, we Process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
to conduct questionnaires concerning client satisfaction;
As long as you have not informed us otherwise, we consider offering you products/services that are similar or same to your purchasing history/browsing behaviour to be our legitimate interest.
With your consent we Process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
to send you newsletters and campaign offers (from us and/or our carefully selected partners);
for other purposes we have asked your consent for;
We Process your Personal Data in order to fulfil obligation(s) rising from law and/or use your Personal Data for options provided by law. We reserve the right to anonymise Personal Data gathered and to use any such data. We will use data outside the scope of this Policy only when it is anonymised. We save your billing information and other information gathered about you for as long as needed for accounting purposes or other obligations deriving from law.
We might process your Personal Data for additional purposes that are not mentioned here but are compatible with the original purpose for which the data was gathered. To do this, we will ensure that:
the link between purposes, context and nature of Personal Data is suitable for further Processing;
the further Processing would not harm your interests and
there would be appropriate safeguard for Processing.
We will inform you of any further Processing and purposes.
Who else can access your Personal Data
We do not share your Personal Data with strangers. Personal Data about you is in some cases provided to our trusted partners in order to either make providing the service to you possible or to enhance your customer experience. We share your data with:
Our processing partners:
Sage
ACT
Barclay Card Ingenico
Fever
Various Postal and Delivery Companies
We only work with Processing partners who are able to ensure adequate level of protection to your Personal Data. We disclose your Personal Data to third parties or public officials when we are legally obliged to do so. We might disclose your Personal Data to third parties if you have consented to it or if there are other legal grounds for it.
How we secure your data
We do our best to keep your Personal Data safe. We use safe protocols for communication and transferring data (such as HTTPS). We use anonymising and pseudonymising where suitable. We monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks.
While we take every available precaution to keep your data secure we cannot guard against every circumstance. Despite precautions and efforts, data breaches may occur, this is an implied risk associated with internet use.
We will notify suitable authorities of data breaches. We will also notify you if there is a threat to your rights or interests. We will do everything we reasonably can to prevent security breaches and to assist authorities should any breaches occur.
If you have an account with us, note that you have to keep your username and password secret.
Children
We do not intend to collect or knowingly collect information from children. We do not target children with our services.
Cookies and other technologies we use
We use cookies and/or similar technologies to analyse customer behaviour, administer the website, track users' movements, and to collect information about users. This is done in order to personalise and enhance your experience with us.
A cookie is a tiny text file stored on your computer. Cookies store information that is used to help make sites work. Only we can access the cookies created by our website. You can control your cookies at the browser level. Choosing to disable cookies may hinder your use of certain functions.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
Essential cookies - these cookies are required for you to be able to use some important features on our website, such as remembering your cookie preference. These cookies don't collect any personal information.
Non-essential cookies - these cookies provide functionality that makes using our service more convenient and makes providing more personalised features possible. For example, they might remember your name and e-mail in forms so you don't have to re-enter this information next time when commenting. These cookies also track the use and performance of our website and services.
We use Google Analytics to measure traffic on our website. Google has their own Privacy Policy which you can review here.
You can disable all non-essential cookies stored by us via the "Cookie Settings" button at the bottom of this page. Alternatively, you can control some 3rd party cookies by using a privacy enhancement platform such as optout.aboutads.info or youronlinechoices.com. For more information about cookies, visit allaboutcookies.org.
External Links
Although this website only looks to include quality, safe and relevant external links, users are advised adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout this website. (External links are clickable text/banner/image links to other websites.
The owners of this website cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite their best efforts. Users should therefore note they click on external links at their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Site Security
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have exclusive access rights to such systems and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers. Adverts and Sponsored Links
This website may contain sponsored links and adverts. These will typically be served through our advertising partners, to whom may have detailed privacy policies relating directly to the adverts they serve.
Clicking on any such adverts will send you to the advertiser’s website through a referral program which may use cookies and will track the number of referrals sent from this website. This may include the use of cookies which may in turn be saved on your computer’s hard drive. Users should therefore note they click on sponsored external links at their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Social Media Platforms
Communication, engagement and actions taken through external social media platforms that this website and its owners participate on are custom to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies held with each social media platform respectively.
Users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and communicate/engage upon them with due care and caution regarding their own privacy and personal details. This website nor its owners will ever ask for personal or sensitive information through social media platforms and encourage users wishing to discuss sensitive details to contact them through primary communication channels such as by telephone or email.
This website may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platform in question. Users are advised before using such social sharing buttons that they do so at their own discretion and note that the social media platform may track and save your request to share a web page respectively through your social media platform account.
Shortened Links in Social Media
This website and its owners through their social media platform accounts may share web links to relevant web pages. By default, some social media platforms shorten lengthy URLs [web addresses] (this is an example: http://bit.ly/zyVUBo).
Users are advised to take caution and good judgement before clicking any shortened URLs published on social media platforms by this website and its owners. Despite the best efforts to ensure only genuine URLs are published many social media platforms are prone to spam and hacking and therefore this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any shortened links.
Embedded Content
Our website may contain content embedded from third party systems and social media platforms, such as Facebook & YouTube. By viewing the content, you are subject to the Terms & Conditions and individual Privacy Policies of their platforms. As GDPR develops this many change, and we will update the Privacy Policy accordingly.
Contact Information
Data Protection Officer If you have any questions regarding Processing your Personal Data, your rights regarding your Personal Data or this Privacy Policy, contact our Data Protection Officer Jessica Nelson at info@omegalaser.co.uk
Supervisory Authority Website: https://ico.org.uk/ Email: accessicoinformation@ico.org.uk Phone: 0303 123 1113 (local rates)
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make change to this Privacy Policy. Last modification was made 30/05/2018.
Omega Laser Systems Ltd2 Deans Hall Business Park, Oak Road,
Little Maplestead, Halstead, Essex CO9 2RT
United Kingdom
T: +44 (0)1787 477551
E: info@omegalaser.co.uk
Privacy Policy