https://www.btechinc.com/privacy-policy
Products
Applications
Services
Company
Events
Support
Technical Support
Docs
Contact Us
Mapped Locations
Contact Us
Request A Quote
Sales Representatives
Blog
Privacy Policy
BTECH Privacy PolicyEffective Date: January 1, 2020BTECH Inc. (“BTECH”), value the privacy of those who visit our website and who inquire of and purchase our systems, software, and services.BTECH takes our responsibility to protect privacy seriously. We are committed to respecting your privacy by providing transparency in how we obtain and use your information, giving you control of your information and preferences, and holding ourselves to the highest national and international standards.The BTECH Privacy Policy covers our use, storage, sharing and disclosure of personal information we collect through our website: www.btechinc.com, BTECH’s monitoring services, and the Online Battery Validation Managers (bvm.btechinc.com) (Collectively, “Services”). It describes your choices regarding use, access and correction of your personal information. Also, please be aware that BTECH has certain systems, software and services as part of its product offerings and these product offerings support additional privacy assurances.By using BTECH Services, you authorize BTECH to collect, use, store, share and disclose your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and any applicable addendums.What personal information does BTECH collect?Personal information is information that can potentially identify you as a specific individual. It includes any of the following: your name, company name, address, telephone number, email address, location, and billing information.BTECH Services may require registration with personal information to gain access to special services, authorization, or other features. This information will be used to authenticate users, provide support and deliver specialized services.How is personal information collected and how is it used?BTECH Services collects and uses personal information to:Engage in transactions or contact you regarding systems, software, service or related marketing information.Allow access to special services or other features.Process orders and register software, data or services.Send marketing materials or newsletters.Respond to customer service requests, sales request or help provide technical or product support.Provide access to an online version of BTECH’s software.Mailing List InformationIf you choose to join BTECH’s mailing list via our website-based registration form, we will ask you to provide contact information such as your name and email address. We use this information to contact those who have chosen to register about services on our site for which he/she has expressed interest. This information is kept strictly confidential and is not shared with any party outside of BTECH. Each registered user may contact us to request that we remove this information from our database.Quote Request InformationIf you are interested in obtaining a quote for BTECH products, you can request a quote via our website through our Request a Quote Web Form.  In order to receive an accurate quotation, a user must provide us with contact information such as name, email address and phone number, and necessary system information in order for an accurate quotation to be created. This information is used to create a quotation for an appropriate BTECH system and to contact the user submitting the request for quote with questions that many pertain to the requested quote. Each registered user may contact us to request that we remove this information from our database.BTECH MONITORING SERVICESBy utilizing BTECH’s monitoring servers, we will ask you to provide contact information such as your name, phone number, address, and email address. This information maybe used to contact you regarding any battery monitoring related services but not limited to battery monitoring reports and battery events. This information is kept strictly confidential and is not shared with any party outside of BTECH. Each registered user may contact BTECH monitoring at 973-983-1120 or email to request that we remove this information from our database.General Profiles, Technologies and Log FilesWe may store information that we collect through cookies, log files, and/or third parties to create an aggregate profile of our users. A profile is stored information that we keep on users that details their viewing preferences and the pages visited on any of BTECH’s websites. We do not share this aggregate profile with other parties and there is no personal information collected about the visitors to our websites other than that which is personally submitted by you. Each registered user may contact us to request that we remove this information from our database.A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on any of BTECH websites. We use only persistent cookies on our sites. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user's hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions. Persistent cookies enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our sites. Cookies are presently only used on our sites to present first time viewers with information we feel may be of interest to them, and also to help us determine how many visitors have been to our websites.Like most standard website servers, we use log files. This log file information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks. This information is used to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information. We use a tracking utility that uses log files to analyze user movement.Newsletter If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information such as name and email address. Out of respect for our users privacy we provide a way to opt-out of these communications. Please see the Choice and Opt-out sections.How can I opt-out of BTECH Communications?Users who no longer wish to receive our
communications may opt-out by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link provided at the bottom of any communications from us.How and why does BTECH Communicate with users? We communicate with users on a regular basis to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account, we reply via email or phone, in accordance with the users wishes:Business Transition - In the event BTECH, Inc. goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, users' personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. Users will be notified via email and/or prominent notice on our website for 30 days prior to a change of ownership or control of their personal information. If as a result of the business transition, the users' personally identifiable information will be used in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection they will be given choice consistent with our notification of changes section.Links - This website may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that BTECH Inc., is not in any way responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by the services.Surveys - From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code).
Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring our services and/or improving the satisfaction of our customers. Users' personally identifiable information is not shared with third parties unless we give prior notice and choice. Though we may use an intermediary to conduct these surveys, they may not use users' personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.How can users access and update their personal information?If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address), or if a user no longer desires our service, we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate users' personally identifiable information. This can usually be done by emailing our Customer Support at techsupport@btechinc.com or, contact us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below.Will BTECH modify its Privacy Policy?If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.If, however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify users via email. Users will have a choice as to whether we use their information in this different manner.However, if users have opted out of all communication with the site, or deleted/deactivated their account, then they will not be contacted, nor will their personal information be used in this new manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our website notifying users of the change. In some cases where we post a notice, we will also email users, who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.How can I contact BTECH regarding this Privacy Policy?If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:BTECH, Inc.10 Astro Place Rockaway, NJ 07866973-983-1120