http://www.pmigroup.com/legal/termsofuse.html
ABOUT US|
CAREERS|
CONTACT US|
LOGIN e-PMI
Type Size:
A
A
A
SERVICERS
Services
Policy Servicing  »
Loss Mitigation  »
Claims & Default Reporting  »
e-PMI Servicing  »
Announcements
Servicing Announcements  »
Resources
Servicing Contacts  »
HOMEOWNERS
Homeownership
Benefits of MI  »
Homebuyer Education  »
Homebuyer Q&A  »
Foreclosure Assistance
Foreclosure Facts  »
Foreclosure Alternatives  »
Foreclosure Help  »
HARP
FORMS
Policy Servicing »
Loss Mitigation  »
Claims »
HARP / RTM  »
Assumptions  »
About PMI.
Home > Legal > PMI Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
PMI Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
RESTRICTIONS ON USE
This web site is owned and operated by PMI Mortgage Insurance Co. ("PMI") and may be used for informational purposes only. By using this web site, or downloading materials from this site, you agree to abide by the terms and conditions of use set forth in this notice without limitation or qualification. If you do not agree to abide by these terms and conditions do not use the web site or download materials from the web site. These terms and conditions of use may be revised at any time by updating this posting, and will be effective as of the date of such posting. Your continued use of the web site after any changes to this posting will be considered acceptance of those changes.
Except as otherwise expressly permitted by PMI, no materials from this web site or any web site owned, operated, licensed or controlled by PMI may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way. You may download material displayed on this web site for your use only, provided that you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, repost, or use the content of this web site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio, and video without PMI's written permission. You may not interrupt or attempt to interrupt the operation of this web site in any way.
DISCLAIMER
The materials on this web site are provided "AS IS" and without warranties of any kind either expressed or implied. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, PMI EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, AS TO ANY MATTER WHATSOEVER RELATING TO OR REFERENCED BY THE PMI WEB SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. PMI does not warrant that the functions contained in the materials will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this web site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. PMI does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials on this web site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. PMI does not warrant the reliability of any advice, opinion, statement or other information displayed or distributed on this web site. The information and descriptions contained herein are not intended to be complete descriptions of all terms, exclusions and conditions applicable to the products and services, but are provided solely for general informational purposes. PMI reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to correct any errors or omissions in any portion of the web site. PMI neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on this web site will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with PMI.
This web site may be linked to other web sites that are not maintained by PMI. PMI is not responsible for the content of those web sites. If you use these sites, you will leave this web site. If you do decide to visit any linked site, you do so at your own risk and it is your responsibility to take all protective measures to guard against viruses or other destructive elements. The inclusion of any link to such web sites does not imply approval of or endorsement by PMI of the web sites or the content thereof.
TRADEMARKS AND COPYRIGHTS
All trademarks, services marks, trade names, logos, and icons are proprietary to PMI, unless otherwise noted. Nothing contained on the web site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark displayed on this web site without the written permission of PMI or such third party that may own the trademarks displayed on this web site. Your use of the trademarks displayed on this web site, or any other content on this web site, except as provided herein, is strictly prohibited.
Images displayed on this web site are either the property of, or used with permission by, PMI. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted herein. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
PRIVACY AND OWNERSHIP OF INFORMATION
Unless otherwise expressly set forth herein, any information, communications or material you transmit to this web site by electronic mail or otherwise, including data, questions, comments, or suggestions will be treated as nonconfidential and nonproprietary and will become the property of PMI. By providing any such information, communications or materials to PMI you grant to PMI an unrestricted, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, display, publicly perform, transmit, post and distribute such information and materials, and you further agree that PMI is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to this web site for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing and marketing products using such information. You further recognize that PMI does not want you to, and you warrant that you will not, provide any information or materials to PMI that is defamatory, threatening, obscene, harassing, or otherwise unlawful, or that incorporates the confidential and proprietary material of another. PMI will not release your name or otherwise publicize the fact that you submitted materials or other information to PMI without your permission unless we are required to do so by law. PMI’s Privacy Policy is located on this web site. For further information, click here.
PMI has also developed an Online Privacy Policy that seeks to protect personal information you submit to PMI. The current PMI Online Privacy policy is located on this web site. For further information, click here.
SOFTWARE LICENSES
You acknowledge that any software available or provided to you on this web site may contain technology that is subject to strict controls by various agencies of the United States Government pursuant to United States export control laws and regulations. You hereby agree that you will not transfer or export such software from the United States (including, for example, providing such software to any foreign person or entity in the United States) or re-export such software outside the United States in violation of United States export laws and regulations. PMI does not authorize the downloading or exportation of any software or technical data from this web site to any jurisdiction prohibited by the United States export controls laws and regulations.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall PMI, its subsidiaries, affiliates, or any party involved in creating, producing, or delivering this web site be liable to you or to any entity for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, or punitive damages (including, without limitation, any lost profits, business interruption, loss of information or programs or other data on your information handling system) that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the content, materials and functions on this web site or any linked web site, even if PMI or a PMI authorized representative has been expressly advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event shall PMI's total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing this web site.
PMI also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property as a result of access to, use of, or browsing in this web site or your downloading of any, data, text, images, video, or audio from this web site.
JURISDICTIONAL ISSUES
Except as specifically set forth herein, the information contained on this web site is not an offer to sell or a solicitation to buy any security, insurance product or other product or service. No security, insurance product or other product or service is offered or will be sold in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation, purchase or sale would be unlawful under the securities, insurance or other laws of such jurisdiction. Some products and services may not be available in all jurisdictions.
This web site is controlled, operated and administered by PMI from its offices in the United States of America. PMI makes no representation that materials at this web site are appropriate or available for use at other locations outside of the United States and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. If you access this web site from a location outside of the United States, you are responsible for compliance with all local laws. These terms and conditions of use shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to its conflict of law provisions. You agree that the appropriate state or federal court in Contra Costa County will have the exclusive jurisdiction to resolve all disputes arising from this web site or these terms and conditions of use, and you consent to personal jurisdiction in such forum.
These terms and conditions of use constitute the entire agreement between PMI and you with respect to your use of this web site. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision herein or portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to effect the intent of these terms and conditions of use, and the remainder thereof shall continue in force and effect.
e-PMI® is a registered service mark of PMI Mortgage Insurance Co.
The mortgage insurance discussed on the PMI web site is underwritten by PMI Mortgage Insurance Co., PMI Insurance Co., and PMI Assurance Co.
©2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012
PMI Mortgage Insurance Co.
About PMI
Leadership
Contact Us Online
Thank you for your interest in PMI Mortgage Insurance Co., in Rehabilitation. To contact us, please submit the Information Request Form.
Corporate Mailing Address
PMI Plaza
3003 Oak Road
Walnut Creek, CA 94597
(800) 288-1970
Phone Inquiries
e-PMI Origination  »(877) 764-ePMI (3764)
e-PMI Servicing/Policy Servicing  »(800) 366-1143
Loss Mitigation  »(800) 685-4PMI (4764)
Claims & Default Reporting  »(800) 795-4PMI (4764)
All fields marked with an asterisk (*) are required to be filled.
My inquiry is related to:
Select a Topic
Underwriting/Guidelines
Loss Mitigation
Claims
Policy Servicing
Sales Reps
Customer Training
Homebuyers Education
Public Relations
Website Feedback
*First Name:
*Last Name:
*E-mail:
*Primary Phone:
*City:
State:
--Select a State--
NONE
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Company Name:
Questions or Comments:
Thank you for your inquiry.
Contact Us
Terms of Use
PMI Privacy
Careers
Purchase Order Terms
Share:
©
PMI Mortgage Insurance Co., in Rehabilitation