https://www.rossiterandco.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
HELP CENTRE
Help Centre
Video Masterclass
Video Production Resources
Understanding Video Costs
Company Video Handbook
Foreign Language Video Productions
BLOG
ABOUT US
Company
A Radical Video Strategy
Marketing Video Manifesto
Clients
Testimonials
Creative Process
CONTACT
Rossiter & Co Privacy Policy
Rossiter & Co are committed to protecting any data that we collect concerning you. By using our services you agree to the use of the data that we collect in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We collect the minimum amount of information about you necessary to provide you with a satisfactory service. Your use of this website gives us the right to collect that information.
How we may collect information from you:
This may be collected when you enter your details into our online contact form, or other resource request forms on our website. Also, if you have sent an e-mail, letter or called us and communicated your information this may also be stored.
Where is my data stored:
The data that we collect from you may be stored on our internal systems and CRM. We will take all steps we consider necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy and GDPR.
The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure, so although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our website. Any transmission is at your own risk.
Cookies
This site uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience.
The data we collect using cookies helps us understand our customers better so that we can provide a more focused user experience. Using the knowledge of your previous visits to our website, we can enhance subsequent visits by tailoring our content to match your requirements.
We use cookies principally because we want to make our websites and mobile applications user-friendly, and we are interested in anonymous user behaviour. Generally our cookies don't store sensitive or personally identifiable information such as your name and address or credit card details.
However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser.
How we use the information collected:
We will only use your information for legitimate business purposes, including some or all of the following:
To provide you with the information, customer service and services that you request from us.
To administer any promotion or competition that you enter.
To invite to any future events Rossiter & Co may hold.
To provide you with information about goods and services that are similar to those you have already purchased or enquired about.
Marketing Activities
If you opt-in and consent, we will use your information to send you our latest marketing communications. This will involve you being added to our mailing list where you will receive our monthly newsletter, exclusive offers, event invitations and other promotional material.
You will be given the opportunity to remove yourself from any mailing list or similar device.
Will Rossiter & Co share my data with anyone else?
No. We do not sell your information to any third parties.
We will only share your information where it’s necessary in order to deliver the services you’ve requested
If it is necessary to When an enquiry form is submitted through our website, it is sent via Mailchimp to the relevant Rossiter  & Co e-mail address.
Click here to see the Mailchimp privacy policy
Accessing links from our website
Our site contains links to and from the websites of our clients, suppliers and other third parties. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that they have their own privacy policies. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies or the content or operation of these websites. Please check these policies and the terms of the websites before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Access to information
At your request, Rossiter & Co can confirm what information we hold about you and how it is processed.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, or if you want to know what information we have collected about you, please email linda@rossiterandco.com. You can also correct any factual errors in that information or require us to remove your details from any list under our control.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any future changes we make to our Privacy Policy will be updated on this page. This was last updated on Monday 14th May 2018.
Under the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the data controller is Rossiter & Co Ltd and the data protection act information officer is Linda Rossiter. Any questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy should be addressed to Linda Rossiter.
Rossiter & Co
108 Kestrel Park
Skelmersdale
West Lancs
WN8 6TB
Tel: 01695 726887
HOMEABOUT USBLOGCONTACT USMARKETINGTRAINING
Call: 0044 1695 726887
Rossiter & Co Ltd | Registered in England
Reg. No: 4333515 | VAT No: GB483622044
STUDIO ROSSITER © 2020
COPYRIGHT NOTICE | TERMS OF BUSINESS | PRIVACY POLICY
Search