http://www.ecycle.com/legal
Mobile Phone Recycling and Data Security Terms and Conditions | e-Cycle
1.877.215.5255
About e-Cycle
Mission & Values
Message from the CEO
Certifications & Awards
e-Stewards Certification
e-Cycle Foundation
FAQ
Careers
e-Cycle Process
Wireless Asset Recovery
Data Security
Environmental Responsibility
Recycle for Charity
Industry Experience
Case Studies
Testimonials
Glossary
Media & Press
e-Blog
Contact Us
Educational Materials
Privacy Policy
e-Cycle Website Privacy Policy
e-Cycle (“e-Cycle,” “we,” “us” or “our”) owns, controls and maintains this website and all information, content, and services available on this website as a service for its business clients and customers.
e-Cycle has established this Privacy Policy to describe our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information that you may provide through this website.  By using this website, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.  Whenever you submit information through this website, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions contained herein.
Information Collection and Use
During the use of the website, e-Cycle will not collect personal information about you, such as your name, address, date of birth, telephone number or email address (the “Personal Information”), unless you voluntarily submit such information to us through this website.  Personal Information will be collected and obtained by e-Cycle when you transact with e-Cycle by utilizing the services available on the website (e.g. selling used devices to e-Cycle).  Personal Information may also be obtained by e-Cycle when you voluntarily contact us, provide comments or feedback, or sign up to receive newsletters, alerts, or special offers from us.  You are not required to provide Personal Information to e-Cycle, however, some features of the website and our services may not be available if you refrain from providing such information.  Personal Information provided to e-Cycle will be used primarily to provide services to you and complete transactions (e.g. sending payment for the purchase of your used device).  Additionally, e-Cycle may use Personal Information for (1) providing customer support; (2) updates and notifications regarding material changes to the website, this Privacy Policy, or other terms and conditions applicable to the website; (3) to contact you if problems should arise during any business transaction; (4) provide special offers from us, our affiliates, or other third parties which may be of interest to you through the use of our directed or targeted advertising; or (5) for any other purpose which is reasonably necessary for e-Cycle to transact its business.
While the collection of Personal Information is voluntary, when you visit our website, we may automatically collect certain non-personal information about you, such as the domain name that referred you to our website, the type of browser or computer operating system you use, and navigational information.  This non-personal information can be passively collected (that is, gathered without you actively providing the information) using various technologies, such as cookies (as described below), Internet tags or web beacons, and navigational data collection.  We collect this non-personally identifiable information internally to help us analyze the effectiveness of and enhance usefulness of our marketing efforts, as well as to provide better service to website visitors, customize this website based on user preferences, compile and analyze statistics and trends, and otherwise administer and improve this website for your use.  Such information is not combined with the Personal Information or other personally identifiable information collected elsewhere on this website unless you have previously consented thereto.
Our website uses Internet Protocol Addresses (an “IP Address”).  An IP Address is a number assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider so you can access the Internet. Generally, an IP Address changes each time you connect to the Internet (it is a “dynamic” address).  If, however, you have a broadband connection, depending on your individual circumstance, it is possible that your IP Address, or even perhaps a cookie we use, may contain information which could be deemed personally identifiable.  This is because with some broadband connections your IP Address doesn’t change (it is “static”) and could be associated with your personal computer.  We may use your IP Address and other non-personally identifiable information to track your use of the website in order to report aggregate information on such use to particular third party service providers to help improve our website.
What Are Cookies?
A “cookie” is a small data file created and stored on your computer by a Web server, which can be referenced when that website is visited to help the website remember information about you and your preferences.  A cookie can be used to store the information you submitted earlier in forms on e-Cycle’s website.  The data in the cookie is only available to e-Cycle’s website.  A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the website uses to track the pages you have visited or the advertisements you have clicked, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you voluntarily supply.  A cookie cannot read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites.
There are two types of cookies: “session” cookies and “persistent” cookies.  Session cookies are temporary bits of information used during a single website visit and are automatically deleted from your computer when you close your browser.  Persistent cookies are more permanent bits of information that are placed on the hard drive of your computer and used to track website activity over a longer period, and they remain on your computer until either you choose to delete them or they expire.
How Does e-Cycle Use Cookies?
Like many websites, e-Cycle may use automatic data collection tools, such as cookies, to collect certain standard information that your browser sends to our website, such as your browser type and the address of the website from which you arrived at our website.  They may also collect information about your IP Address and navigation behavior (for example, the pages you view and the links you click).  These tools help make your visit to our website easier, more efficient and more valuable by providing you with a customized experience and recognizing you when you return.
e-Cycle may use session cookies to improve navigation and collect aggregate statistical information on the website.  e-Cycle may use persistent cookies to collect analytical information about how visitors use our website.  For example, e-Cycle may measure website usage and traffic, access to online services, and the level of interest and preference in certain areas of the website with persistent cookies.  e-Cycle uses this information to improve our service and provide a better experience for visitors to this website.  Persistent cookies may hold personally identifiable information only if you have previously registered or otherwise consented to the retention of such personally identifiable information on the website.  Otherwise, this website’s server only knows that an unidentified visitor with your cookie has returned to the website.  e-Cycle never uses cookies to track your Internet use after you leave the e-Cycle website.
In connection with the website, e-Cycle may contract with third party advertisers.  Such advertisers may use their own cookies, Internet tags, or web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable data during your use of the website.  Such information may then be used to provide advertising directed to you and tailored to your interests.  These companies do not have access to the cookies of e-Cycle and therefore are not subject to, nor governed by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
Opting Out of the Use of Cookies and the Use of Your Information
Depending on the web browser you use, you may be able to block or disable cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is restored by following the instructions in the toolbar on your web browser.  If you block cookies, you will still be able to use the e-Cycle website, however, your browser will not remember your personal preferences when you return to this website, and some features of this website may not be available.
Information Outside of the United States
The website may be stored and processed in the United States and is intended only for users located in the United States. If you are located in the European Union, Canada or elsewhere outside of the United States, please do not use the website or provide any information to us or otherwise through the website. Be aware that information we collect will be transferred to and processed in the United States. By using the website and/or providing us with any information, you consent to this transfer and processing of information in the United States.
Information Confidentiality and Disclosure
We do not sell, transfer, or otherwise share your Personal Information or other personally identifiable information to third parties except to our agents, contractors or other service providers for business-related purposes in connection with the services of e-Cycle or of this website.  These parties are prohibited from sharing or using your personally identifiable information except for the sole purpose of providing these services to you.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may release information when we believe that such release is necessary to (1) comply with applicable law or governmental or regulatory bodies or authorities; (2) enforce or apply the terms of any of our agreements; (3) protect the security or integrity of this website or the rights, property or safety of e-Cycle or others; (4) respond to duly authorized information requests of governmental or regulatory bodies and authorities or where required by law; (5) exercise our legal rights, defend against legal claims, prevent or take action against illegal activities against e-Cycle; or (6) respond to legal processes, subpoenas, court orders.
By providing any personal information to us you fully understand and consent to the transfer, processing and storage of such information.
Business Transfers
We reserve the right to transfer your personal information to a third party in the event of a sale, merger, liquidation, acquisition or similar event of all or substantially all of the assets of our company provided that the third party agrees to adhere to the terms of this Privacy Policy.  You will be notified in the event of any such transfer and you will be afforded an opportunity to opt-out.
Use by Minors
This website is not intended for use by, or designed to attract, individuals under the age of thirteen (13).  We have no intention of collecting, and do not knowingly collect Personal Information or other personally identifiable information from any person under the age of thirteen (13).  We encourage all parents to instruct their children in the safe and responsible use of their personal data while using the Internet. If you are under the age of 13, do not use or provide any information on or through this website or on or through any of its features, make any purchases through the website, use any of the interactive or features of this website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete such information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please email us at gogreen@e-cycle.com.
Security of Information
e-Cycle takes commercially reasonable steps to store and maintain personally identifiable information that you transmit through our website or otherwise provide to us.  We use commercially reasonable efforts to protect such information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction through the use of encryption and other industry standard protective measures.  However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is ever completely secure or error-free.  Therefore, while e-Cycle strives to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, e-Cycle cannot guarantee its security. Furthermore, you transmit any personal information through this website at your own risk.
Links to Other Websites
This website and Privacy Policy may contain links or references to other websites as a convenience to visitors to this website.  This Privacy Policy will not apply to those websites, but rather their privacy policies (if any) will apply.  You should read the privacy policy of every website you visit.  e-Cycle is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any such other websites.
Changes to Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last updated January 23, 2018.  We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy from time to time.  If we change our Privacy Policy, we will post the modified privacy policy on this website, and such modified terms will take effect immediately thereafter upon posting to the website.  Please check back periodically, and especially before you provide any personally identifiable information.  Unless stated otherwise herein, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you.
Contact
If you have questions, comments, requests or concerns about your personal information or this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
e-Cycle
4105 Leap Road
Hilliard, Ohio 43026
Phone: 614-210-1120
Attention: Legal Department
California Users
Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83, all California residents are entitled to request information from us concerning the use of your Personal Information to any third party for the third party’s direct marketing purposes.  As such, you may submit a request at the address listed above to receive the following information: the categories of information we disclosed, the names and addresses of such recipients, and examples of products or services marketed by the third parties, if the nature of their business cannot be determined.
e-Cycle. All rights reserved. Designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners. e-Cycle is not affiliated with the manufacturers of the items available for cash buyback. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions.