http://www.decowraps.com/us/privacy-policy.html
1 305 436 1415
info@decowraps.com
Choose Region:
Europe
Americas
Login
or
Register
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to Decowraps. So we’ve developed a Privacy Policy that covers how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your information. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
Personal information is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person.
You may be asked to provide your personal information anytime you are in contact with Decowraps. Decowraps may share this personal information within the company and use it consistent with this Privacy Policy. They may also combine it with other information to provide and improve our products, services, content, and advertising.
Here are some examples of the types of personal information Decowraps may collect and how we may use it.
What personal information we collect
When you create an account on our Decowraps website (www.decowraps.com), place sample orders, save products, we may collect a variety of information, including your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, contact preferences, and other information.
When you share your content with other friends using our share via email features on www.decowraps.com, Decowraps may collect the information you provide about those people such as name and email address.
How we use your personal information
The personal information we collect allows us to keep you posted on Decowraps' latest product announcements and upcoming events. It also helps us to improve our services, content, and advertising. If you don’t want to be on our mailing list, you can opt out anytime by updating your preferences.
From time to time, we may use your personal information to send important notices, such as communications about orders and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with Decowraps, you may not opt out of receiving these communications.
Access to Personal Information
You can help ensure that your contact information and preferences are accurate, complete, and up to date by logging in to your account at www.decowraps.com.