https://www.restaurant-accounting.com/privacy-policy
Home
Services
Accounts Payable
Checkbook and Credit Cards
Payroll
Profit and Loss
Flash Report (RASCAP)
Sales Reports
Virtual File Cabinet
About RAS
FAQ
PayGo Insurance
Client Files LOGIN
Contact
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for restaurant-accounting.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about new services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 1-866-460-6225 or via email.
“My restaurant is located in Redmond, Washington.
My Bookkeeping firm is in Massachusetts…3,000 miles away.
Why?
It’s simple… THEY ARE THE BEST!! Unlike other companies, I am not required to do any data entry and all my reports are on time every week. I would recommend to any restaurant owner to speak with RAS.
It has turned out to be one of the best business decisions I have ever made.”
Tim Short
Redmond, Washington
“We love Restaurant Accounting Services!
…We get information that is timely, accurate, organized in a way that works for us and enables us to manage our business. RAS is a true partner”
Edna Morris
City Range
Greenville, SC | Spartanberg, SC
Contact RAS
Tim LaCasse, Partner
Email: Tim@restaurant-accounting.com
Phone: 781-706-5725
Fax: 508-888-8789
Why RAS
About
Contact Us
Clients