http://www.citynational.com/home/privacy
City National Bank of Florida - Privacy Guidelines
Home  |
Find Us  |
About Us  |
Contact Us  |
Careers  |
Security
Search :
Personal Banking
Residential Mortgages
Small Business Banking
Banking Services for Professionals
Corporate Banking
Leasing and Specialty Finance
Real Estate Banking
City National Private
Treasury Management
Online Services
International Personal Banking
Privacy Guidelines
For a copy of the Bank's consumer Privacy Notice, please click on the following link: City National Bank of Florida's Consumer Privacy Notice.
Recognition of your expectation of privacy
We recognize and respect the privacy expectations of our clients. To meet those expectations, the Bank maintains policies and procedures to safeguard your personal information. All consumer personal information collected, processed or disclosed is pursuant to the Federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (Public Law 106-102) and implied regulations. You may have other privacy protection under the applied State Law and to the extend applicable. We will comply with those provisions.
Protecting online applications
When you apply online for accounts or services, or enroll in Online Banking, you provide personal information that is necessary for us to process your application. To ensure that your application remains confidential, the information is sent to us in a "secure session".
After you have submitted your application online, we recommend that you end your browser session before leaving your computer.
We, along with the outside companies with which we work, if applicable, may keep the information you provide to us, along with information we collect from outside sources, so that we can offer you accounts and services related to your financial needs.
How we handle e-mail
We preserve the content of your e-mail, your e-mail address and our response so that we can more efficiently handle any follow-up questions you may have. We also do this to meet legal and regulatory requirements. If we think that a particular City National Bank of Florida account or service might apply to your situation, we may occasionally contact you at your e-mail address to inform you of potential benefits and availability.
What we do with online surveys
The information you provide on surveys and promotions on our website will be used for internal marketing purposes, including developing website information and services that you may find helpful. In addition, we may inform you of new accounts and services from City National Bank of Florida based on the information you provide to us.
No data "capture" with planning tools
There are many planning tools throughout the site to help you make the financial decisions that are right for you in the privacy of your home. We encourage you to try all of your "what-if" scenarios as often as you like. Examples include the mortgage principal and interest calculator and the savings goal calculators.
When you use various planning tools on our website, the calculations run on your PC or our server. We do not capture the personal information you provide on these planning tools.
Maintenance of accurate information
We have standards and procedures to ensure that your financial information is accurate, current and complete in accordance with commercial standards. We will respond to your request to review and correct inaccurate information in a timely manner.
Protecting your online banking
When you bank online with us, we, along with the outside companies we work with to bring these services to you, have access to your information. Information is retained on our system or the system of the appropriate outside company, depending on what is required to serve you.
We use state-of-the-art Internet technology, supported by the outside companies we work with, to make Online Banking secure and to protect your personal information.
We also require a username and password and, as applicable, we may require an out of band authentication code delivered to you via text or email, in order to access your accounts. If you do not provide this information, we cannot establish an Online Banking service for you. You can also help maintain the security of your banking information by not sharing your username or password with anyone, by changing your password regularly, and by remembering to sign off.
When information is collected and not collected
Some areas of our website require information, such as your e-mail address or your account number, to enable you to perform certain tasks (for example, review your accounts or correspond with us). In these cases, we collect your information if necessary to interact with you. If you do not interact with us, you browse our website anonymously, and personal information, such as your e-mail address, is not collected.
We gather and analyze data regarding usage of our website, including domain name, number of hits, pages visited, length of user session, etc., to evaluate the usefulness of our sites.
About "cookies"
To provide better service and a more effective website, we use "cookies" as part of our interaction with your browser. A "cookie" is a small text file placed on your hard drive by our web page server. These cookies do not collect personally identifiable information, and we do not combine information collected through cookies with other personal information to determine who you are or your e-mail address. Cookies are commonly used on websites and do not harm your system. By configuring your preferences or options in your browser, you determine if and how a cookie will be accepted. We use cookies to determine if you have previously visited our web site and for a number of administrative purposes.
Limiting employee access to information
We have procedures to limit employee access to your personal information to those with a business reason for knowing such information. We educate our employees to understand the importance of confidentiality and client privacy. We take appropriate disciplinary measures to enforce employee privacy responsibilities.
Protecting our children
We do not knowingly solicit data from and market to children under the age of 13. We recognize that protecting children's identities and privacy online is important and that the responsibility to do so resides with both the online industry and with parents.
Restrictions on the Disclosure of Account information
We do not reveal specific information about client accounts or other personally identifiable data to unaffiliated third parties for their independent use, except for the exchange of information with reputable information-reporting agencies, unless 1) the information is provided to help complete a client-initiated transaction; 2) the client requests it; 3) the disclosure is required by/or allowed by law (e.g., subpoena, investigation of fraudulent activity, etc), or 4) the client has been informed about the possibility of disclosure for marketing or similar purposes through a prior communication and is given the opportunity to decline to necessary. For a copy of the bank's consumer Privacy Notice, please click on the following link. City National Bank of Florida's Consumer Privacy Notice.
For a copy of the Bank's consumer Privacy Notice effective April 1, 2020, please click here.
The Fair Credit Reporting Act requires that we notify you of your right to ask that we not share certain outside credit information with companies affiliated with City National Bank of Florida. If you do not want such (i.e. Consumer Credit Reports) shared among City National Bank of Florida affiliates, you may notify us in writing of your instructions at any time. To do so, please send your name and address (as they appear on your account statement), and Social Security number to:
City National Bank of Florida Quality Assurance Department
100 S.E. 2nd Street, 14th Floor
Miami, FL 33131
Please Note: All accounts with the primary Social Security number noted in the request will be affected.
Count on our commitment to your privacy
You can count on us to keep you informed about how we protect your privacy and limit the sharing of information you provide to us - whether it's at a banking center, via a phone call or through the Internet. Please note that since we cannot control information on other Internet sites, we are not responsible for the content of sites linked from citynational.com.
Privacy | Disclosures
blank
Checking Accounts
- Regular Checking
- Interest Checking
- Select Package
- [email protected]
Savings Accounts
Certificates of Deposit
Money Market Accounts
Residential Mortgages
Personal Lending
- Home Equity Lines
- CD Secured Loans and Lines
- Personal Loans
Checking Accounts
- CitySmart Ultimate Small Business Checking
- Regular Commercial Checking
- Commercial Interest Checking
- IOTA Interest Checking
- [email protected]
Money Market/Savings Accounts
Community Associations
Small Business Lending
- Small Business Administration (SBA) Loans
Professionals
Legal
Healthcare
Corporate Deposit Products
Corporate Lending
International Services
Equipment Financing
Franchise Financing
Capital Markets
Homeowners Association
- Deposit Accounts for Homeowner Associations
- Treasury Management Services for Homeowner Associations
- Loans, Credit Options and Opportunities
Commercial Real Estate Deposit Products
Commercial Real Estate Lending
Private Banking
- Private Client Deposit Solutions
- Private Client Lending Solutions
- Private Client Credit Card
Wealth Management
Trust Services
Cash Collection Services
Cash Control Services
Cash Disbursement Services
Fraud Prevention Services
Merchant Services
Online Banking
- Online Banking FAQs
- Online Statements
- Alerts
- Manage Your Funds with Quicken
Demos
Mobile Banking
- Mobile FAQs
- Digital Pay
Trusteer
Live Remote Assistance
Smartwatch Banking
Zelle®
- Zelle® FAQs