http://www.hypachydraulics.com/privacy-policy/
Call Now: 800.994.9722
Privacy Policy
Hypac Hydraulic Systems respects your privacy and the purpose for which our site visitors provide us information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.
Information Collected
If you request or submit information to Hypac Hydraulic Systems by sending an e-mail via the “mail to:” function or filling out a “request for information” form, we may save your e-mail address as well as any other information you may provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, e-mail, or phone to convey information about Hypac Hydraulic Systems solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your e-mail and other information you provide will not be sold to any third party.
Information Collected by Others
This notice addresses only the policy of Hypac Hydraulic Systems website and not the sites that users access via links from our site. Hypac Hydraulic Systems is not responsible for the information collection policies of other sites, nor for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, nor for the information or content contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.
Cookies
Hypac Hydraulic Systems website does not use cookies.
Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information
If you would like to have your personal information removed from Hypac Hydraulic Systems, please send an e-mail via the feedback form, with “Remove personal information” in the subject line. To update, change, or correct your personal information, please send an e-mail via the feedback form with the appropriate changes.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
Hypac Hydraulic Systems may disclose information when legally compelled to do so; in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
Periodic Policy Changes
Please note that Hypac Hydraulic Systems reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.
This policy statement is made in the name of Hypac Hydraulic Systems and is effective as of September 1, 2009. This statement does not create an agreement between Hypac Hydraulic Systems and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.
For inquiries contact:
Hypac Hydraulic Systems
362 Mt Sterling Ave., Flemingsburg, KY 41041
Phone: (866) 930-0254
HYPAC Hydraulic Systems
Toll Free: 800.994.9722 • Phone: 606.849.2447 • Fax: 606.849.2401
362 Mt Sterling Ave. • Flemingsburg, KY 41041
Hypac Hydraulics
About Hypac
Service
Contact/RFQ
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
About Hypac
Complete Systems
Contact/RFQ
Cylinders
Hose Assemblies
Hypac Hydraulics
Installation Documentation
Power Units
Privacy Policy
Sample Page
Sample Page
Service
Sitemap