https://www.ncgs.com/privacy-shield-policy/
Privacy Shield Policy - NCGS Inc.
Skip to content
SPONSOR PORTAL
linkedinfacebooktwitter
Search for:
MAINABOUTLeadershipCultureHistoryValuesExpertiseNewsEventsPARTNERSHIPSSOLUTIONSPhase 1-3Phase 4/Post MarketingRescue ServiceseTMFDiagnostic/DeviceCOVID SolutionsCAREERSOpportunitiesDOWNLOADSCONTACT US
Search for:
MAINABOUTLeadershipCultureHistoryValuesExpertiseNewsEventsPARTNERSHIPSSOLUTIONSPhase 1-3Phase 4/Post MarketingRescue ServiceseTMFDiagnostic/DeviceCOVID SolutionsCAREERSOpportunitiesDOWNLOADSCONTACT US
Loading...
Privacy Shield Policyncgsco2019-06-18T13:39:44-04:00
NCGS PRIVACY SHIELD POLICYNCGS, Inc., (“NCGS,” “we,” “our,” and “us”), complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. NCGS has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to such data. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and data subject rights under the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, NCGS is subject to the regulatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission
Definitions
“Data Subject” means the individual to whom any given Personal Data covered by this Privacy Shield Policy refers.
“Personal Data” means any information relating to an
individual residing in the European Union and Switzerland that can be used to
identify that individual either on its own or in combination with other readily
available data.
“Sensitive Personal Data” means Personal Data regarding an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade-union membership, physical or mental health, or sexual life.
Scope and Responsibility
This Privacy Shield Policy applies to Personal Data transferred from European Union member countries and Switzerland to NCGS’s operations in the U.S. in reliance on the respective Privacy Shield framework and does not apply to Personal Data transferred under Standard Contractual Clauses or any approved derogation from the EU Directive.
Some types of Personal Data may be subject to other privacy-related requirements and policies. For example:
Some NCGS websites have their own privacy policies.
Personal Data regarding and/or received from a client is also subject to any specific agreement with, or notice to, the client, as well as additional applicable laws and professional standards.
Employee Personal Information is subject to internal human resource policies.
All employees of NCGS that have access in the U.S. to Personal Data covered by this Privacy Shield Policy are responsible for conducting themselves in accordance with this Privacy Shield Policy.  Adherence by NCGS to this Privacy Shield Policy may be limited to the extent required to meet legal, regulatory, governmental, or national security obligations, but Personal Data covered by this Privacy Shield Policy shall not be collected, used, or disclosed in a manner contrary to this policy without the prior written permission of NCGS’ General Counsel.
NCGS employees responsible for engaging third parties to which Personal Data covered by this Privacy Shield Policy will be transferred are responsible for obtaining appropriate assurances that such third parties have an obligation to conduct themselves in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Privacy Shield Principles, including any applicable contractual assurances required by Privacy Shield.
Privacy Shield Principles
NCGS commits to subject to the Privacy Shields’ Principles all Personal Data received by NCGS in the U.S. from European Union member countries and Switzerland in reliance on the respective Privacy Shield framework.
Notice
NCGS notifies Data Subjects covered by this Privacy Shield Policy about its data practices regarding Personal Data received by NCGS in the U.S. from European Union member countries and Switzerland in reliance on the respective Privacy Shield framework, including the types of Personal Data it collects about them, the purposes for which it collects and uses such Personal Data, the types of third parties to which it discloses such Personal Data and the purposes for which it does so, the rights of Data Subjects to access their Personal Data, the choices and means that NCGS offers for limiting its use and disclosure of such Personal Data, how NCGS’s obligations under the Privacy Shield are enforced, and how Data Subjects can contact NCGS with any inquiries or complaints.
Choice
We will provide an individual opt-out choice, or opt-in for sensitive data, before we share your data with third parties other than our agents, or before we use it for a purpose other than which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized. To request to limit the use and disclosure of your personal information, please submit a written request to support@ncgs.com.
Accountability for Onward Transfer
In the event we transfer Personal Data covered by this Privacy Shield Policy to a third party acting as a controller, we will do so consistent with any notice provided to Data Subjects and any consent they have given, and only if the third party has given us contractual assurances that it will (i) process the Personal Data for limited and specified purposes consistent with any consent provided by the Data Subjects, (ii) provide at least the same level of protection as is required by the Privacy Shield Principles and notify us if it makes a determination that it cannot do so; and (iii) cease processing of the Personal Data or take other reasonable and appropriate steps to remediate if it makes such a determination. If NCGS has knowledge that a third party acting as a controller is processing Personal Data covered by this Privacy Shield Policy in a way that is contrary to the Privacy Shield Principles, NCGS will take reasonable steps to prevent or stop such processing.
With respect to our agents, we will transfer only the Personal Data covered by this Privacy Shield Policy needed for an agent to deliver to NCGS the requested product or service.  Furthermore, we will (i) permit the agent to process such Personal Data only for limited and specified purposes; (ii) require the agent to provide at least the same level of privacy protection as is required by the Privacy Shield Principles; (iii) take reasonable and appropriate steps to ensure that the agent effectively processes the Personal Data transferred in a manner consistent with NCGS’s obligations under the Privacy Shield Principles; and (iv) require the agent to notify NCGS if it makes a determination that it can no longer meet its obligation to provide the same level of protection as is required by the Privacy Shield Principles.  Upon receiving notice from an agent that it can no longer meet its obligation to provide the same level of protection as is required by the Privacy Shield Principles, we will take reasonable and appropriate steps to stop and remediate unauthorized processing.
In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
NCGS’s accountability for personal data that it receives in the United States under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfers to a third party is described in the Privacy Shield Principles. In particular, NCGS remains responsible and liable under the Privacy Shield Principles if third-party agents that it engages to process personal data on its behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless NCGS proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Security
NCGS takes reasonable and appropriate measures to protect Personal Data covered by this Privacy Shield Policy from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction, taking into due account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the Personal Data.
Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation
NCGS limits the collection of Personal Data covered by this Privacy Shield Policy to information that is relevant for the purposes of processing. NCGS does not process such Personal Data in a way that is incompatible with the purposes for which it has been collected or subsequently authorized by the Data Subject.
NCGS takes reasonable steps to ensure that such Personal Data is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete, and current. NCGS takes reasonable and appropriate measures to comply with the requirement under the Privacy Shield to retain Personal Data in identifiable form only for as long as it serves a purpose of processing, which includes NCGS’s obligations to comply with professional standards, NCGS’s business purposes and unless a longer retention period is permitted by law, and it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles for as long as it retains such Personal Data.
Access
Pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, EU and Swiss individuals have the right to obtain our confirmation of whether we maintain personal information relating to you in the United States. Upon request, we will provide you with access to the personal information that we hold about you. You may also correct, amend, or delete the personal information we hold about you. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data transferred to the United States under Privacy Shield, should direct their query to support@ncgs.com. If requested to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
Recourse, Enforcement, and Liability
NCGS’s participation in the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework is subject to investigation and enforcement by the Federal Trade Commission.
NCGS’s accountability for personal data that it receives in the United States under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfers to a third party is described in the Privacy Shield Principles. In particular, NCGS remains responsible and liable under the Privacy Shield Principles if third-party agents that it engages to process personal data on its behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless NCGS proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, NCGS commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. European Union and Swiss individuals with Privacy Shield inquiries or complaints should first contact NCGS by email at support@ncgs.com
NCGS has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit http://www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See Privacy Shield Annex 1 at https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction.
NCGS agrees to periodically review and verify its compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, and to remedy any issues arising out of failure to comply with the Privacy Shield Principles. NCGS acknowledges that its failure to provide an annual self-certification to the U.S. Department of Commerce will remove it from the Department’s list of Privacy Shield participants.
Changes to this Privacy Shield Policy
This Privacy Shield Policy may be amended from time to time consistent with the requirements of the Privacy Shield. Appropriate notice regarding such amendments will be given.
16 Charlotte Street
Charleston, SC 29403
EMAIL US
EMPLOYMENTPRIVACY POLICYPRIVACY SHIELD POLICYTERMS OF USECONTACT US
©
NCGS Inc. | Site by Digital Thrive
linkedinfacebooktwitter
Toggle Sliding Bar Area