http://www.caretex.dk/index.php?cookies-policy
COOKIE POLICYThis page uses cookies for statistical purpose and improvement of user experience.If you continue without changing your settings, you agree to use our cookies.Read more about cookies and changing you settings. Cookie Policy
Cookies Policy | Velkommen til Caretex
Cookies Policy
Signode System (Thailand) Limited of Chonburi 20230 Chonburi Thailand (CAREAS) is committed to providing you with the best online experience while visiting the caretex.dk website. To achieve this, we utilise our own and standard third-party cookies to obtain data about your online behaviour while you are on the Website, and we also track how often you visit the Website.
If you do not wish to accept this Policy please do not continue to use the Website.
What we track
We use cookies on the Website to collect your personal information. We use industry standard third party cookies such as Google Analytics to track your behaviour online and gain statistical information at an aggregated level in the following ways:
We track the number of visits to the Website,
where each visitor came from (i.e. the website you visited prior to coming
to the Website) and where each visitor goes to from the Website (i.e. the
website you visit after leaving ours).
A cookie is stored on your device for no
longer than required which is linked to your IP address. Cookies are small
text files that your web browser stores on your device. This allows us to
track whether you return to the Website.
How to manage cookies
If you do not wish us to track information through cookies you can configure your browser to reject cookies. If you wish to do so, please refer to your Internet browser’s user instructions to find out how to delete and reject cookies. Note that the rejection of cookies may impact your user experience on the Website and restrict you from utilising certain site functionalities.
Third-party cookies
Throughout your journey on the Website you may also notice content from third parties. We may also offer you the opportunity to further engage with us and share information with others using social networks such as Facebook, Linkedln and Twitter. This content is added so we can keep you up to date with carefully selected information that you may find relevant or of interest, however this can result in these third party providers storing additional cookies on your device that we have no control over. Consequently we suggest you check the websites of any such third parties and their privacy policies for more information about their cookies and how you can manage them.
Cookies used on website
The Website may contain links to third party websites. If you follow a link to any of these third party websites please note that these websites have their own privacy and cookie polices and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these third party websites.
Below are examples of the cookies commonly used by us including details on their purpose and other information you may find useful. Other cookies are various kinds may be used on the website periodically. Please note however that if you choose to access third party sites through this website that the cookies listed below may not form a comprehensive list.
Google-analytics.com
Type
3rd party from Google Inc.
Purpose
Google analytics sets cookies to enable us to
track the usage of pages and services on our sites.
What data is held?
Visit duration, page views, location,
operating system, browser, entry path, number of visits
Type of cookie?
Persistant
Third party cookies?
Yes, Google Inc.
Third party policy
Link
Changes to this Policy
Any changes we may make to our Policy in the future will be posted on this page.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Policy are welcomed and should be addressed to privacy@signode.com.
EN
DE
ES
JP
KR
HOME
CARETEX PROFILE
GENERAL ABOUT CONTAINER LINER
CUSTOM-MADE CONTAINER LINER
BENEFIT USING CARETEX LINER
BULK PRODUCT & LINER MATCHING
PRODUCT
Bulk Container Liner - Overview
1011 Triangle Shaped Bulkhead
1012 Premium Airbag (pat.)
1012 AluPET Premium Airbag (pat.)
1012 Dry Liner (pat.)
1002 Zipper Loading Gate
1016 Fluidizing Liner (pat. pend.)
2010 Top Fill Liner
1021 Full Access Cargo Liner
HANDLING
Handling Equipment
Loading Container Liner
Unloading Container Liner
CONTACT US
SALES/DELIVERY TERMS
JOBS
LINKS
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Signode System (Thailand) Limited
Phone +66 38 493 326 – 9   -   Fax +66 38 493 330
- caretex@signode.com