https://www.etggs.com/cookie-policy/
Skip to contentETG Global Services Pvt. Ltd is firmly committed to protect your privacy. We have created this Cookie Policy (“Policy”) so that you can understand what cookies we use on our site and why we use them, by continuing to use our site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. What is a Cookie?A “cookie” is a small piece of information that a website can send to your browser, which may be stored on your computer (or other internet enabled devices, such as a smartphone or tablet). All cookies have an expiry date that determine how long they stay on your computer or device. We’ve included information below on how you can manage and delete cookies.You are therefore requested to read the terms carefully before you use the services of this site.What cookies do we use?We use cookies to ensure whoever uses our website gets best possible experience. We use Google Analytics cookies on our site to enable us to track visitor behavior and measure site performance. This helps us to improve the way our site works, for example, by ensuring visitors to find easily on what they are looking for. All the data contained in our cookies is completely anonymous and does not contain any personally identifiable information. More information about Google Analytics cookies can be found at: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en We do not use flash cookies (sometimes known as local shared objects) and we do not allow third-party advertising networks to use cookies on our site to target visitors on advertising.More information on the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them is set out below.How to manage and delete cookiesCookies are easy to manage or delete and can be removed in two ways: automatically, when they expire or by manually deleting them. You can either manually manage your cookies or use third party tools such as Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on to do this. Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on can be downloaded at: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.For further information on how to manage or delete cookies, please Visit: www.allaboutcookies.org/  Here you will find links on how to manually delete, block and customize your cookie settings. As an example, we discuss the three processes on Internet Explorer.To manually delete cookies:On the Start screen, tap or click Internet Explorer to open Internet ExplorerSwipe in from the right edge of the screen and then tap Settings. (If you’re using a mouse, point to the lower-right corner of the screen, move the mouse pointer up and then click Settings)Tap or click Options and then, under History, tap or click selectSelect the Cookies check box and then tap or click DeleteTo block cookies:Open the desktop and then tap or click the Internet Explorer icon on the taskbarTap or click the Tools button and then tap or click Internet optionsTap or click the Privacy tab and under Settings, move the slider to the top to block all cookies and then tap or click OKTo customize cookie settings:Open the desktop and then tap or click the Internet Explorer icon on the taskbarTap or click the Tools button and then tap or click Internet optionsOn the Privacy tab, do one or more of the following:To set what types of cookies are blocked or allowed, move the sliderTo block or allow specific websites, tap or click SitesTo import a privacy preferences file, tap or click ImportTo override your privacy settings for certain types of cookies, tap or click AdvancedTo reset privacy settings to their original level, tap or click DefaultWhen you’re done making changes, tap or click OKIf you choose to block or delete our cookies, you will still be able to browse our site.For further information on how to manage or delete cookies, Please www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies.Need more Information?Consult our experienced team for your requirements.
By continuing to use this website, you agree to our cookie policy. Find out more.Okay, thanks