http://www.cmeco.com/privacy_statement.html
HOMEABOUT USCONTACT USPRODUCTSUPPORT TEAMDRILL RIGSHOLLOWSTEM AUGERSSUPPORTEQUIPMENTTOOLING &SUPPLIESRIG REPAIR &UPGRADESPRODUCTUPDATESUPCOMINGEVENTS
REQUEST-A-QUOTEPRODUCT CATALOGSIGN UP FORPRODUCT UPDATES
Central Mine Equipment Company (CME)Privacy Statement
At CME, we respect the privacy of our customers and our web site visitors. This privacy statement is intended to inform you about our policies with respect to the collection of information from you and how it is used at CME. The information you provide us is primarily used to enhance your relationship with us and to better serve the collective needs of our visitors and customers. We also recognize that this information belongs to you and that we must treat it accordingly.
Use of Personal and Non-personal Information
We collect two kinds of information about our on-line visitors: personal and non-personal. Visitors are not required to register to access the pages of CME’s site. However, non-personal information is collected to track the total number of guests visiting the site and the portions of the site most commonly visited. This information helps guide our efforts to improve our site. The non-personal visitor information we monitor includes the browser type and operating system being used; areas of our sites visited; date and time of access; host or service-provider information, and identification of the referring site. This information is used for our internal purposes and is not disclosed to anyone outside of CME for any reason.
Personal information that can identify a visitor, such as name, address or information about your home, is collected only when voluntarily offered and solely for purposes that are clearly identified on our site. Personal information acquired through contact forms or quotation requests is kept confidential.
Security
The importance of security for all personally identifiable information associated with our guests is of utmost concern to us. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, CME cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or information gathered from our online forms, and you do so at your own risk. Once received, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our internal systems.
Use of Cookies
CME does not use Cookies on the site at this time.
Links to Other Sites
Guests should be aware that when you are visiting CME’s site, you might be directed to other sites that we do not control. This may include public information sites, partners, and advertisers. These sites may have their own policies regarding privacy, the collection of personal information and use of cookies. CME is not responsible for, or has control of, the privacy practices or content of such other web sites.
Contacting CME
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact us:
E-Mail: info@cmeco.com
Phone: 800-325-8827 or 314-219-7700
Fax: 314-291-4880
Mail:
Central Mine Equipment Company
4215 Rider Trail North
Earth City, Missouri, 63045-1106 USA
Acceptance of These Terms
By using this site, you signify your consent to CME’s Privacy Policies. If you do not agree to these policies, please do not use this site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to update, change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy from time to time. Your continued use of this site and others that may be owned by CME following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. Any changes to this privacy policy will be promptly disclosed and marked clearly in this area.
Call 1-800-325-8827 for more information!
Home  |  Request-a-Quote  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Product Support Team  |  Drill Rigs  |  Hollow Stem Augers  |  Continuous Flight Augers  |  Continuous Sample Tube Systems  |  Support Equipment  |  Tooling & SuppliesRig Repair & Upgrades  |  Product Line  |  Product Catalog  |  Sign Up for Monthly Product Updates  |  Product Update Archives  |  Upcoming Events  |  Privacy Statement  |  SitemapCopyright© 2020. Central Mine Equipment Company. A Missouri Corporation. All rights reserved.4215 Rider Trail North · Earth City, MO 63045 · (800) 325-8827 · (314) 291-7700 · Fax (314) 291-4880 · info@cmeco.com · www.cmeco.com8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. Central TimeProudly made in the U.S.A. since 1928.