https://www.summitrefrig.com/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement | Summit Refrigeration Group
Skip to content
MENU
MENU
Home
About UsMenu Toggle
Summit News
Upcoming Events
Careers
Standard Terms And Conditions Of Sale
Industries
ServicesMenu Toggle
24-Hour Emergency Service
Parts and Maintenance
Engineering and Design
Construction
Compressor Rebuilds
Process Safety Compliance
Training Courses
Projects
Contact UsMenu Toggle
Request a Quote
Customer LoginMenu Toggle
SRG Customer Portal Login
Online PSM Customer Login
Search
Search for:
Summit Refrigeration Group is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Summit Refrigeration Group site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Summit Refrigeration Group site, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.Collection of your Personal InformationSummit Refrigeration Group collects personally identifiable information, such as your email address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Summit Refrigeration Group also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Summit Refrigeration Group. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by Summit Refrigeration Group for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Summit Refrigeration Group site.Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Summit Refrigeration Group public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Summit Refrigeration Group does not read any of your private online communications.Summit Refrigeration Group encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Summit Refrigeration Group so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Summit Refrigeration Group is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Summit Refrigeration Group and Summit Refrigeration Group family of Web sites.Use of your Personal InformationSummit Refrigeration Group collects and uses your personal information to operate the Summit Refrigeration Group Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Summit Refrigeration Group also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Summit Refrigeration Group and its affiliates. Summit Refrigeration Group may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.Summit Refrigeration Group does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Summit Refrigeration Group may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Summit Refrigeration Group may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Summit Refrigeration Group, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.Summit Refrigeration Group does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.Summit Refrigeration Group keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Summit Refrigeration Group, in order to determine what Summit Refrigeration Group services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Summit Refrigeration Group to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.Summit Refrigeration Group Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Summit Refrigeration Group or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Summit Refrigeration Group; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Summit Refrigeration Group, or the public.Use of CookiesThe Summit Refrigeration Group Web site use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Summit Refrigeration Group pages, or register with Summit Refrigeration Group site or services, a cookie helps Summit Refrigeration Group to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Summit Refrigeration Group Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Summit Refrigeration Group features that you customized.You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Summit Refrigeration Group services or Web sites you visit.Security of your Personal InformationSummit Refrigeration Group secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Summit Refrigeration Group secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.Changes to this StatementSummit Refrigeration Group will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Summit Refrigeration Group encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Summit Refrigeration Group is protecting your information.Contact InformationSummit Refrigeration Group welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Summit Refrigeration Group has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Summit Refrigeration Group at pchapman@summitrefrig.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Facebook
Linkedin
Summit Refrigeration Group, Inc. |  W141 N9501 Fountain Blvd. |  Menomonee Falls, WI 53051 |  (877) 774-4643 | Fax: (262) 781-5759
Copyright © 2020 Summit Refrigeration Group | Powered by Astra WordPress Theme
Terms Of Use
Privacy Statement
Sitemap
Call for 24-Hr. Service