http://www.clevelandsteeltool.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose and make use of personal information.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to any outside parties, except as outlined in this policy.
We will collect and use personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law. Most of the information collected in the collection process will be used to process orders and inquiries.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.  We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We may employ third party companies to perform functions on our behalf. These functions may include order fulfillment, delivery, marketing assistance, postal and e-mail delivery, customer service, data analysis, and payment processing. The third parties we contract for these purposes may have limited access to your personal information and may not use it for other purposes.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.  We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.