https://www.interpublic.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
Last Updated 16 September 2019
Acceptance of Terms of Use
Modification of Terms
Privacy Notice and Privacy Policy
Copyright and Trademarks
Links to Third-party Websites
Disclaimers
Cautionary Language Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
Governing Law and Dispute Resolution
Severability
No Waiver
The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. (“IPG”) provides to you this website (“Website”) for your personal informational, educational and entertainment use. The following Terms of Use govern your access to and use of this Website. Please read these Terms of Use carefully before using this Website. Specific terms and conditions may apply to Content (as defined below) on or available through this Website.
When used in these Terms of Use, “we” and “our” means IPG, and “you” and “your” refers to any individual, company or legal entity that accesses or otherwise uses this Website.
1. Acceptance of Terms of UseBy accessing, browsing or using this Website, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use and all terms and conditions contained or referenced herein or set forth on this Website. If you do NOT agree to all of these terms, you should NOT access or use this Website.
2. Modification of TermsThese Terms of Use may be amended by IPG, at its sole discretion, at any time without notice to you. Such amended Terms of Use shall be effective upon posting. By continuing to access or use this Website, you will be deemed to have accepted such amendments. Other IPG affiliates and companies have their own websites, which may have their own terms of use applicable to such websites.
IPG reserves the right to discontinue or make changes or updates to the Website or the Content of the Website at any time without notice.
3. Privacy Notice and Privacy PolicyYour use of the Website and any personal information provided or used by you to access the Website shall be collected, used and/or stored in accordance with IPG’s Privacy Policy. Please review our Privacy Policy posted on the Website or click here to be directed to the IPG Privacy Policy.
4. Copyright and TrademarksYou acknowledge that all content on this Website, including the Website’s design, graphics, text, formatting, sounds, pictures, images, software and other materials and information on this Website, and the selection and arrangement thereof (collectively, “Content”), is the property of IPG or licensors and is subject to and protected by United States and international copyright and other intellectual property laws and rights. All rights to Content not expressly granted in these Terms of Use are reserved to their respective intellectual property right owners. Except as expressly authorized in these Terms of Use or on the Website, you may not copy, reproduce, distribute, republish, download, perform, display, post, transmit, exploit, create derivative works or otherwise use any of the Content in any form or by any means without the prior written authorization of IPG or such respective intellectual property rights owners. IPG authorizes you to view and download the Content only for personal, non-commercial use, provided that you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original Content. You may not alter, edit, modify or adapt the Content in any way or otherwise use the Content for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to public or commercial purposes. The trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade dress and logos (collectively, “Marks”) contained, featured or described on this Website (including, without limitation, IPG) are the sole property of IPG and/or third-party licensors and may not be copied, imitated or otherwise used, in whole or in part, without the prior written authorization of IPG and/or such licensors. In addition, all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts are Marks of IPG and may not be altered, edited, modified, copied, imitated or otherwise used, in whole or in part, without the prior written authorization of IPG. IPG will enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.
5. Links to Third-party WebsitesLinks on the Website to third-party websites are provided only as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave the Website. IPG does not control or endorse any such third-party websites.
6. DisclaimersIPG strives to provide accurate and up-to-date material on this Website. However, we make no warranties or representations as to the accuracy or timeliness of the Content on this Website.
7. Cautionary Language Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThe information on this Website, together with information filed and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and any oral information provided by IPG executives that relate to IPG’s future performance or financial results are considered forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are no guarantee of future performance, and actual results could materially differ from those contained in forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include, without limitation, the ability of IPG to retain existing clients or attract new clients, developments from changes in the regulatory and legal environment for advertising agencies and statements about our strategy. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to, among other items, domestic and global economic and business conditions. All forward-looking statements should be read in conjunction with the additional risks and factors set forth in our documents filed with or furnished to the SEC, including our most recent Form 10-K. Any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf only as of the date they were made, and IPG undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. The reader should carefully check the dates of issuance of the material contained on this Website.
No information contained on this Website constitutes, or would be deemed to constitute, an offer to buy or sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell in the shares of IPG or its affiliates.
8. Governing Law and Dispute ResolutionIf any provision of these Terms of Use is held to be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then the invalid or unenforceable provision shall be replaced by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision, and the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions shall not be affected.
9. SeverabilityIf any provision of these Terms of Use is held to be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then the invalid or unenforceable provision shall be replaced by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision, and the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions shall not be affected.
10. No WaiverThe failure of IPG and its affiliates to enforce any part of these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such term or provision and shall not be considered a waiver or limit IPG’s right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other provision of these Terms of Use.
This website uses cookies and similar technologies to understand how you use our website and to create a better experience for you. To learn more about the technologies used and your choices, please read our Privacy Notice. You may adjust your cookie settings at any time through our cookie preferences tool.
Do you agree to the use of cookies for the purposes described above?
Accept
Reject
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Analytics and Customization
Additional Cookies
Privacy Overview
Our website uses cookies for various purposes, including to enhance the site’s functionality, and help us understand how you use and interact with the website.  To learn more about the cookies used and your choices, please see the Online Privacy Notice.  Please indicate below whether you agree to the use of cookies for the purposes described above.
You may adjust your cookie settings at any time by navigating the tabs on the left hand side.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Strictly Necessary Cookies should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Cookies that may be in use after you enable:
moove_gdpr_popup These Cookies are used to save your Cookie Setting Preferences. 1 Year N/A
Analytics and Customization
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site.
Cookies that may be in use after you enable:
_ga Google Analytics cookie used to distinguish users. 2years http://optout.aboutads.info/
_gat Google Analytics cookie used to throttle request rate. 10 minutes http://optout.aboutads.info/
_gid Google Analytics cookie used to distinguish users. 24Hours http://optout.aboutads.info/
Additional Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
This website uses the following additional cookies:
Cookies that may be in use after you enable:
Vimeo This cookie is used for playback on Vimeo's embeddable video player. 1 day  https://vimeo.com/cookie_policy
Enable All
Save Changes