https://www.municipalbonds.com/privacy-policy/
Municipalbonds.com
Go Premium for Free
Log In
Home
News
Market Activity
Screener
Education
Bond Insurance
My Bonds
Invest In Munis
Privacy Policy
MunicipalBonds.com IS COMMITTED TO YOUR PRIVACY. TO LEARN MORE ABOUT THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND USE, THE SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION AND HOW AND WHEN WE SHARE IT, PLEASE READ THE PRIVACY POLICY BELOW. PLEASE READ THIS DOCUMENT CAREFULLY, AS IT GOVERNS YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND ALL SERVICES OFFERED THROUGH THE SITE.
This policy covers how MunicipalBonds.com treats personal information that we collect and receive, including information related to your past use of our products and services. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable such as your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
Information Collection and Use
MunicipalBonds.com collects personal information when you register with MunicipalBonds.com, when you use the site and services offered on the site, when you visit pages on the site or the pages of certain partners, and when you enter promotions or sweepstakes. MunicipalBonds.com may also combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies.
MunicipalBonds.com uses such information for the following general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients. When you register we may ask for information such as your name, email address, birth date, gender, postal code and company demographics of the company you work for. When you register with MunicipalBonds.com and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.
MunicipalBonds.com collects information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners, including information about your use of the products and services that we offer. MunicipalBonds.com automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, MunicipalBonds.com cookie information, and the pages you request.
Information Sharing & Disclosure
MunicipalBonds.com does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you request, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of MunicipalBonds.com under confidentiality agreements to provide services in support of the site. These companies may use your personal information to help MunicipalBonds.com communicate with you about offers from MunicipalBonds.com. However, these companies do not have any independent right to use or share this information. We may sometimes share aggregate non-personal information with third parties about how our users utilize the site and services. This aggregate information is typically in the form of statistics, such as numbers of MunicipalBonds.com users who live in a particular locale or fall within a particular age group. Such aggregate information is gathered from individual MunicipalBonds.com users’ information but is not traceable to any specific identifiable MunicipalBonds.com user. MunicipalBonds.com may share personal information with third parties to the extent required to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. MunicipalBonds.com may also share personal information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of the MunicipalBonds.com Terms of Service, or as otherwise required or permitted by law.
If MunicipalBonds.com is acquired by or merged with or into another company, personal information may be transferred and become subject to a different privacy policy.
You will be notified when your personal information is collected by any third party that is not our agent/service provider, so you can make an informed choice as to whether or not to share your information with that party.
Use of Personal Information with Marketing Partners and Co-Registration
In instances where MunicipalBonds.com and a marketing partner are offering a special value (i.e., a free offering) to our users, we may share your personal information with such partners. By signing up to receive items through these promotions, you are expressly consenting to MunicipalBonds.com sharing your personal information (“co-registration”) with such partners and you will become subject to their privacy policies, which may vary from those of MunicipalBonds.com. In the event that you would like to opt-out of receiving offers from these partners, you must do so directly with them. If you have any problems contacting one of our partners, contact us via email at support@municipalbonds.com and we will help you resolve the situation.
In addition, you are expressly consenting to MunicipalBonds.com that the use of certain personally identifiable User data may be processed and shared between applicable third party social network and/or identity providers. User accounts with such third party Providers shall be subject to such third party Providers' then-current terms of use and privacy policies ("Third Party Policies") and MunicipalBonds.com shall not be responsible for any violation of their Policies.  You are allowing MunicipalBonds.com to user and store certain of this user data for its own business purposes.
MunicipalBonds may from time to time send emails from selected partners to email addresses collected on this site. By providing your email address to sign up for a newsletter or other service offered on our site, you consent to allow MunicipalBonds.com to send you emails on behalf of third parties who compensate us to do so. Emails sent to you by MunicipalBonds will include an option to unsubscribe from future emails. If you do not wish to receive emails from MunicipalBonds, including emails sent to you on behalf of our partners, you may opt out by visiting http://municipalbonds.us5.list-manage.com/unsubscribe.
Personal information collected on MunicipalBonds.com may be used for marketing or business purposes. Users agree to grant MunicipalBonds.com the right to retain personal information indefinitely, and the right to sell or otherwise transmit that information to other entities.
If you need assistance opting out of any of any newsletters, please contact us via email at support@municipalbonds.com.
Newsletters and Alerts
If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter(s) and/or alert system, we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter or alert to you. Out of respect for your privacy, we provide you a way to unsubscribe. If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter, alerts and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each communication or by contacting us via email at support@municipalbonds.com.
Use of Personal Information Posted on Forums and Comments
If you use a forum or post a comment on this Web site, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums.
Cookies
MunicipalBonds.com, like many websites, uses cookies. A cookie is a file containing a string of code text that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive, to be kept there for later use. With cookies in place, whenever you use your Web browser to connect to MunicipalBonds.com, our systems are able to recognize you. This enables MunicipalBonds.com to present you with custom web pages and options. You can set up your browser to reject cookies or tell you when a cookie has been sent.
In addition to our cookies, MunicipalBonds.com may allow third parties that show advertisements on our site or participate in co-registration to set and access their own cookies on your computer. The cookies inserted by those third parties are not covered by MunicipalBonds.com Privacy Policy, but rather by the policies of those third parties. However, these third parties do not have access to MunicipalBonds.com cookies.
MunicipalBonds.com also uses Web beacons (also known as action tags or single pixel gifs) to allow us to count how many people have visited a certain page. This enables us to assess the popularity and effectiveness of the material posted on the MunicipalBonds.com website. Additionally, we sometimes use Web beacons to access Techopedia.com cookies inside and outside our Web pages and in connection with MunicipalBonds.com products and services. A Web beacon is a transparent image placed on a Web page that sends a signal when a person visits that page. This enables us to assess the popularity and effectiveness of the material posted on the MunicipalBonds.com web site. We may also use Web beacons in connection with emails sent to MunicipalBonds.com users to let us know whether and when the email was opened.
We do link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site.
Third-Party Ad Serving
We send to your Web browser many of the advertisements you see when you use our network of websites. However, we also allow other companies, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, to serve advertisements within our Web pages. Because your Web browser must request these advertising banners from the ad network Web site, these companies can send their own cookies to your cookie file, just as if you had requested a Web page from the site. Please note that if an advertiser asks us to show an advertisement to a certain audience or audience segment and you respond to that ad, the advertiser or ad-server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience it is trying to reach. As always remember, we only authorize our third-party ad servers to employ anonymous cookies for ad delivery and anonymous targeting. Our third-party ad servers do not collect, nor do we give them access, to any personally identifying information about you.
We also use third-party ad servers to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet. They may collect anonymous information about your visits to MunicipalBonds.com, and your interaction with our products and services. They may also use information about your visits to this and other Web sites to target advertisements for goods and services. This anonymous information is collected through the use of a Web beacon or pixel tag, which is industry standard technology, used by most major websites.
Opting Out of Third-Party Ad Servers
To opt out of affiliate collection, you can visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices.
Editing and/or Deleting Account Information and Preferences
You can edit the information contained in your account at any time by clicking on the My Account link. You can delete your MunicipalBonds.com account by contacting us via email at support@municipalbonds.com. Although your account will be deactivated within 7 days of your email, information provided to us while you were a registered user may remain in back-up storage on our servers indefinitely. Nevertheless, once you delete your account, this information will be inaccessible to the public.
Confidentiality and Security
MunicipalBonds.com limits access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably needs such information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs. In addition, MunicipalBonds.com maintains physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you.
Although MunicipalBonds.com takes your privacy seriously and will take reasonable and customary measures to protect it, we cannot guarantee that there will be no unauthorized use of your personal information.
If you register for the site and services and create a User Account, you will be provided a username and password for such User Account. You acknowledge that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password as well as any and all activity that occur under your User Account and password. You agree that at the end of each session using the Site and Services, you will exit your User Account. In the event of any unauthorized use of your password and/or User Account, you agree that you will immediately notify MunicipalBonds.com by sending an email to webmaster@MunicipalBonds.com. MunicipalBonds.com cannot and will not be liable for any and all losses or damages arising from your failure to comply with this Section.
Third-Party Websites
From time to time, MunicipalBonds.com may make available to you certain services offered by third parties or may include links to sites operated and controlled by third parties. Those third-party services and sites are not governed by this Privacy Policy. Users who choose to visit those third-party sites are advised to review their privacy policies.
Access to Personal Information
If at any time you would like to review the personal information we collect about you, just ask. You should send an email to support@municipalbonds.com from the email account you used to create your account and we will provide you with a summary, as well as an opportunity to correct and update this information.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be changed from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your MunicipalBonds.com account or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently.
Comments
If you have questions or suggestions, please email us at support@municipalbonds.com or write us at:
Mitre Media Corp.PO Box 822New York, NY 10108
Last updated July 10, 2018
The Best of the
MitreMedia
Financial Network
Dividend.com
ETF Database
Commodity HQ
Trader HQ
Top Story
14 Executives Getting Rich Off Dividends
Best Articles
Top 10 Myths About Dividend Investing
Everything Investors Need to Know About Ex Dividend Dates
The Truth About Dividend Payout Ratio
Ex-Dividend Date Search
Alerts for any dividend paying stock's ex-dividend date
Find Out More
Stock Screener
Screen dividend stocks by several distinct criteria
Find Out More
Top Story
A Visual Guide To The ETF Universe
Best Articles
The Cheapest ETF for Every Investment Objective
101 ETF Lessons Every Financial Advisor Should Learn
Visual History Of The S&P 500
ETF Screener
Pinpoint the right ETF for your investment objectives
Find Out More
ETFdb Library
Geared towards new investors who are just getting started
Find Out More
Top Story
7 Hard Asset Investments You Can Hold in Your Hand
Best Articles
Top 100 Futures Trading Blogs
50 Ways To Invest In Gold
Top 100 Options Trading Blogs
Commodity Heatmap
Allows investors to see which sectors are outperforming over which time periods
Find Out More
Trading Center
Dedicated to providing information on commodities for active traders
Find Out More
Top Story
Top 21 Trading Rules for Beginners
Best Articles
Illustrated History of Every Bear Market
3 Ways to Exit a Profitable Trade
Real Mysteries of the DJIA
Proprietary Stock Watchlists
Find out which stocks are showing signs of a breakout
Coming Soon!
Custom Stock Alerts
Get notified when your stocks are on the move
Coming Soon!
Login to your account
Email address:
Password:
Forgot your password?
Become a member
Register for a MunicipalBonds.com account to get access to a whole new way of tracking, analyzing, and researching bonds.
Keep track of bonds you own
Get ratings from S&P for all rated municipal bonds
View issue history reports
Access our price archives
...And much more
Register now »