http://www.timberpro.com/privacy_policy.html
Home
Products
Tracked Bunchers & Harvesters
Forwarders
6-Wheeled Harvesters
Felling Heads
Pictures
Videos
Retired Models
Product Support
Operator's Manuals
Parts Manuals
Dealer Login
Dealers
About Us
Contact
PRIVACY NOTICE
Last updated December 20, 2019
Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at TimberPro Inc (“Company”, “we”, “us”, or “our”).
We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right
to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our notice, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at jeff.huntington@timberpro.com.
When you visit our website timberpro.com, and use our services, you trust us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy notice,
we seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information
we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it.
We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is
important. If there are any terms in this privacy notice  that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Sites
and our services.
This privacy notice applies to all information collected through our
website
(such as timberpro.com),
and/or any related services, sales, marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy notice as the "Services").
Please read this privacy notice carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
4. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
5. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
6. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
7. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
8. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
9. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
10. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
11. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
None
2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:  We
process your information for purposes based on legitimate business
interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our
legal obligations, and/or your consent.
We use personal information collected via our Services
for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your
personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate
business interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with
you, with your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal
obligations. We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next
to each purpose listed below.
We use the information we collect or receive:
To send you marketing and promotional communications. We
and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal
information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in
accordance with your marketing preferences. You can opt-out of our
marketing emails at any time (see the " WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS  " below).
For other Business Purposes. We
may use your information for other Business Purposes, such as data
analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our
promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Services, products, marketing and your experience. We
may use and store this information in aggregated and anonymized form so
that it is not associated with individual end users and does not
include personal information. We will not use identifiable personal
information without your consent.
3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
In Short:  We
only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to
provide you with services, to protect your rights, or to fulfill
business obligations.
We may process or share data based on the following legal basis:
Consent: We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information in a specific purpose.
Legitimate Interests: We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
Performance of a Contract: Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
Legal Obligations: We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so
in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a
judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response
to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public
authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests: We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to
investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of
our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to
the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in
litigation in which we are involved.
More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations:
Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers. We
may share your data with third party vendors, service providers,
contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and
require access to such information to do that work. Examples include:
payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services,
customer service and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third
parties to use tracking technology on the Services, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the Services
over time. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze
and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better
understand online activity. Unless described in this Policy, we do not
share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties
for their promotional purposes.
Business Transfers. We
may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during
negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or
acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Third-Party Advertisers. We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Services.
These companies may use information about your visits to our Website(s)
and other websites that are contained in web cookies and other tracking
technologies in order to provide advertisements about goods and
services of interest to you.
4. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:  We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice,
unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such
as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this
policy will require us keeping your personal information for longer than
90 days .
When
we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal
information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not
possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored
in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal
information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is
possible.
5. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short:  We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.
We
have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security
measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we
process. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that
the internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will do our best to
protect your personal information, transmission of personal information
to and from our Services is at your own risk. You should only access the services within a secure environment.
6. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
In Short:  We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the Services,
you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or
guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of
the Services.
If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of
age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take
reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If
you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age
18, please contact us at jeff.huntington (at) timberpro.com.
7. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short:  In
some regions, such as the European Economic Area, you have rights that
allow you greater access to and control over your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
In
some regions (like the European Economic Area), you have certain rights
under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i)
to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii)
to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of
your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability.
In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the
processing of your personal information. To make such a request, please
use the contact details   provided below. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
If
we are relying on your consent to process your personal information,
you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note
however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing
before its withdrawal.
If
you are resident in the European Economic Area and you believe we are
unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right
to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You
can find their contact details here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.
8. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most
web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications
include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to
signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online
browsing activities monitored and collected. No uniform technology
standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been
finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals
or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not
to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that
we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a
revised version of this privacy notice  .
9. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short:  Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
California
Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law,
permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain
from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of
personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct
marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with
which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding
calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make
such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the
contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the Services, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Services.
To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact
information provided below, and include the email address associated
with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will
make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Services, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.
10. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
In Short:  Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this privacy notice from
time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated
“Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it
is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy notice,
we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such
changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to
review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
11. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?
If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may email us at jeff.huntington (at) timberpro.com or by post to:
TimberPro Inc
1407 Industrial Drive
Shawano, WI 54166
United States
Komatsu America Corp.
CCPA Insert for Privacy Policy
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, you may also have additional
privacy rights under the California Shine the Light law (Civil Code Section §
1798.83) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) (Civil Code Section §
1798.100).
The Shine the Light law permits users of our Website and our
App that are California residents to request certain information regarding our
disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing
purposes. To make such a request, please submit a request at www.komatsuamerica.com/compliancehotline using the “Ask A Question” feature or call 800.461.9330.
To learn more about your California privacy rights under the
CCPA, please visit: Privacy Notice for California Residents
©2020 TimberPro Inc
Terms and conditions
Privacy Policy