https://www.confederationloghomes.com/confederation-log-timber-frame-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Confederation Log & Timber Frame Privacy Policy
This is the Web site of 1867 Confederation Log & Timber Frame (CLTF). Here is what visitors to our Web site can expect in terms of privacy.
We understand and share your concern about privacy. We want to assure you that Confederation Log & Timber Frame Inc. respects your privacy and treats your personal information with the highest standards of safety, security and confidentiality. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
Domain Names
Our web server will automatically recognize a visitor’s domain name, but not the visitor’s e-mail address.
E-mail Addresses
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, those who answer our online surveys, register for a member login or to obtain model information, and those who register for our online services. These email address will be used to send information about our products and company. We will not sell or share email address with any third parties.
Use of Collected Information
We collect aggregate information on what pages our visitors access or visit. We also collect information volunteered by visitors, such as information provided in registration of services, member login, online surveys, job service postings, etc. Information we collect may be used to notify visitors about updates to our Web site and may be used by CLTF to contact visitors for marketing purposes. However, CLTF does not sell to or trade e-mail lists with third parties.
Users who provide their e-mail address will receive online worksheets and access to our Newsletter. This electronic newsletter has an “opt out” feature if you would like to unsubscribe at any time.
Other Web Sites and Links
Our Web site contains links to other Web sites. If you choose to use any of these links, you will be leaving CLTF’s site and going to a new one. Protection of your privacy at these linked sites will be governed by the privacy policy at that site. CLTF is not responsible for the privacy practices such sites or the use of any information that you provide.
Privacy with Respect to Minors
We do not knowingly collect or use information from children under the age of 14 without the consent of a parent or guardian.
Cookies
When you visit our site, we may place a cookie on your computer to allow us to record session information and provide access to information that requires online registration.
Security
If you send credit card information via e-mail, we will in turn remove and permanently delete this information. Other information that you send to this site, including e-mail messages, will not be encrypted unless we advise you otherwise. Although our site has industry standard security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information that is under our control, we cannot guarantee complete security.
Changes in Policy
This policy may change over time. Your continued use of the site after these changes are posted constitutes your agreement to the changes with regard to information collected.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, please contact us at info@confederationloghomes.com
Call Now Button