https://www.awardsforpatents.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy - Awards For Patents
Skip to content
800-817-2634Quote Request Form
0
View CartCheckout
No products in the cart.
Subtotal: $0.00
View CartCheckout
My Corporate Products
My Account
Awards For Patents
Dedicated to Motivating Discovery
Home AboutProfile Mission & Values Why WWRCI? Importance of Recognition
CorporatePatent Recognition Plaques Perpetual Awards Desktop Awards Corporate RFQ Order Online
Independent RecognitionCustom Framing & Certificate Deep Etch Devoted Database Laser Engraving Logistics & Inventory Digital Typesetting Personalization & Identification
FAQ’sArtwork Production & Shipping Payment Terms & Pricing Samples Cancellations & Returns Privacy Policy
Contact
Home AboutProfile Mission & Values Why WWRCI? Importance of Recognition
CorporatePatent Recognition Plaques Perpetual Awards Desktop Awards Corporate RFQ Order Online
Independent RecognitionCustom Framing & Certificate Deep Etch Devoted Database Laser Engraving Logistics & Inventory Digital Typesetting Personalization & Identification
FAQ’sArtwork Production & Shipping Payment Terms & Pricing Samples Cancellations & Returns Privacy Policy
Contact
Privacy PolicyYou are here:HomePrivacy Policy
We use tracking information to determine which areas of our sites users like and don’t like based on traffic to those areas. We do not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue to build a better service for you. We track search terms entered in Search function as one of many measures of what interests our users.
Sharing of Information
World Wide Recognition uses the information described above to tailor our content to suit your needs and help our advertisers better understand our audience’s demographics. This is essential to keeping our service free.
Security
World Wide Recognition operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our customers.
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by World Wide Recognition. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Have Patent Plaque Questions? We would like to hear from you!
Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Your Message
World Wide Recognition Company Inc. Corporate patent plaque experts.
Toll Free 800-817-2634
PO Box 604
Sandoval, IL 62882
"Never before in history has innovation offered promise of so much to so many in so short a time." -- Bill Gates
"Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it." -- Dwight D. Eisenhower
clear settings
Go to Top