https://www.e-reward.co.uk/privacy-policy
E-rewards - Homepage
Toggle navigation
Cart
(0) £0.00
Continue Browsing
Proceed
Login/Register
About Us
Advertising
News
Contact
Homepage
Education
Events
Research
Resources
Executive Pay
Show Menu
Privacy Policy
Important announcement for GRP students
NO MORE CLASSROOM CLASSES FOR THE NEXT FEW MONTHS. ALL E-REWARD GRP COURSES ARE NOW CONTACTLESS AND VIRTUAL. ATTEND FROM YOUR HOME OR ANY LOCATION.The coronavirus is disrupting everything – but this doesn't mean you want to put your career on hold by stopping your learning and training.
Whether your office is closed or you're planning for potential closure, we stand ready to help with ALL GRP courses now available as live
stream courses. You can participate for the entire GRP course via our streaming platform. On top of that, we’ll provide you with individual tuition – hour-long, one-to-one online tutorials with Alan Gibbons. Exams will be taken online. Book your next GRP course as usual and full log on and joining instructions will be provided shortly for the class(es) that you have registered to attend. You will receive by email an electronic copy of the course book (PDF) so that you can print it out and follow the streamed course, exactly as you would if you were live in the classroom. No expensive tiring travel, no crowds, no hotel rooms. Just provide your own hand sanitizer! We guarantee you will have a will have a superb learning experience – if you don’t we will offer you a full refund.
Get in touch
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
It is vital to our business that we maintain the confidence of all users of E-reward.co.uk. This privacy policy demonstrates our commitment to maintaining the privacy and confidentiality of all information we collect.
These guidelines have been developed with the recognition that internet technologies are rapidly evolving. Accordingly, guidelines are subject to change. Any such changes will be posted on this page.
E-reward.co.uk Ltd honours the rights of its employees and other users’ including website visitors’ right to privacy and data protection. E-reward.co.uk Ltd is fully committed to complying with the provisions of all applicable Data Protection legislation and regulations such as Data Protection Act and EU GDPR. E-reward.co.uk Ltd honours the rights of its employees and other users to privacy and data protection.
This Privacy Policy (‘Policy’) describes how we collect, use, share, and retain personally identifiable information provided by users of this website. The Policy is effective as of 25 May 2018. The policy will be continuously assessed against new technologies, business practices, regulatory changes and the evolving needs of E-reward.co.uk Ltd. We are registered with the Information Commissioners Office, the UK's Data Protection Authority.
Data controllerThe data controller for all personal data collected via this website is E-reward.co.uk Ltd with its registered office at 33 Denby Lane, Heaton Chapel, Stockport, SK4 4RA, United Kingdom. This means that we are responsible for deciding what data we collect and how we hold and use your personal data. We will implement appropriate data security measures for protecting the data from unauthorised access and loss, as laid out in the Security section of this Policy.
Data collectionE-reward.co.uk Ltd collects and maintains a variety of personally identifiable information, including names, email addresses, job titles, phone numbers, payment and order information and business addresses.
E-reward.co.uk Ltd collects information directly from individuals or from the parent companies of the individuals. The information could be collected through emails, phone calls, online registration forms, event and course registration forms and face-to-face meetings. E-reward.co.uk Ltd does not collect personal data about individuals except when there is a legitimate business requirement or when such information is provided on a voluntary basis.
Users should also be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected through the standard operation of E-reward.co.uk Ltd web servers, and by the use of cookies technology and/or Internet Protocol (‘IP’) address tracking. Non-personal identification information might include the browser used by you, the type of computer, the operating systems, the Internet service providers, and other similar information.
E-reward.co.uk Ltd web server also automatically gathers information about:
the top viewed and visited pages and links on our website
top entry and exit points
number of form completions
time spent on pages,
top downloads
top keywords used offsite to lead customers to our website
your internet protocol (IP) address
information collected via cookies
the areas you visit on the website
the links you may select from within the website to other external websites
device event information such as system activity, crashes, hardware settings, browser type etc.
Most browsers are set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent; however, if you disable cookies, the full functionality of E-reward.co.uk Ltd website may not be available to you. The information thus collected enables us to develop and customise our services better to meet your needs and preferences, and to bring to your attention reward publications, our comp & ben events and networking opportunities with other reward professionals.
Purpose of processingThe personal data collected is used by E-reward.co.uk Ltd to give you information in relation to:
providing you with a free subscription to our weekly reward management e-newsletter
providing you with a free subscription to our comp & ben magazine, The reward Quarter
providing executive remuneration updates
providing product, service and information announcements (e.g. regarding our reward management training courses)
inviting selected clients to attend our reward management events (with free guest tickets)
keeping you informed about our research findings
seeking your views on trends in reward management via our research surveys.
E-reward.co.uk Ltd may perform statistical analyses of user behaviour and characteristics to measure interest in and the use of various sections of the website. The personal data held by E-reward.co.uk Ltd may also be used on an aggregate basis without any personal identifiers to provide third parties such as advertisers/sponsors with aggregate web site usage and demographic data, and to help us to improve the features and content of the website.
If you or your parent company are a current customer of E-reward.co.uk Ltd, opting out of marketing emails will not stop all communication from us. By becoming a customer of E-reward.co.uk Ltd, your firm is signing you up to receive certain information related to the organisation. It is a constitutional requirement for us to send this information to you.
If you are no longer or have never been a customer of E-reward.co.uk Ltd, you can choose to opt in or out of further contact with us. We also receive data through networking (e.g. business cards) and add these details, if relevant, onto our data management system. We may on occasion purchase ‘opt-in’ data (lists from reputable providers) for promotional campaigns.
Data retentionThe personal data collected is stored in E-reward.co.uk Ltd CMS system and other appropriate data management systems, both paper based and electronic. Personally identifiable information will not be disclosed to any third party except if permission has first been obtained from the users. The data will not be transferred to any agency located outside the EU.
At regular intervals, we will:
Review the length of time we keep your personal data for.
Consider the purpose or purposes for which we hold your personal data for in deciding whether (and for how long) to retain it.
Securely delete information that is no longer needed for that purpose or those purposes.
Update, archive or securely delete information if it goes out of date.
SecurityE-reward.co.uk Ltd uses reasonable measures to safeguard personally identifiable information. The implemented measures will be appropriate to the type of information maintained and compliance with all relevant legislation governing protection of personal information. Measures are implemented to preserve the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the personal information. We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed.
In addition, we limit access to your personal data to only those employees, contractors or agents who have a legitimate business need to have access to that data. The employees, contractors or agents will process your personal data in accordance with our instructions. They will be subject to a duty of confidentiality and due care with respect to handling the personal data. We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected data security breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach where we are legally required to do so. E-reward.co.uk Ltd employees are trained on data security and information protection.
Relevant areas of the E-reward.co.uk Ltd website will employ Secure Socket Layer (‘SSL’) or Transport Layer Security (‘TLS’) encryption technology to enhance data privacy and help prevent loss, misuse, or alteration of the information collected and retained by E-reward.co.uk Ltd.
Third-partiesWhere appropriate we may pass your data onto third parties. The third parties are as follows:
GRP reward courses: The strategic alliance between WorldatWork and E-reward.co.uk offers Global Remuneration Professional training classes in the UK and Ireland to prepare reward professionals for certification through WorldatWork. For each course participant, we provide WorldatWork with a course/exam roster outlining: participant name, job title, organisation, address, email and ‘phone number.
GRP/Mastering Reward courses: We also share some details – participant name, job title and organisation – with the class tutor to ensure the training meets participants’ needs .
Some E-reward conferences are offered to attendees at no cost because they are sponsored and fully funded by outside parties. In these situations, the outside sponsor will receive a list of those who attended the event. You may therefore receive periodic emails from these reputable companies.
Links to third-party sitesWhere appropriate and only for the legitimate business needs of E-reward.co.uk Ltd, we may provide links to third-party web sites, or advertisements which contain links to third-party sites. These links are provided as a service to website users. The linked third-party websites are operated by independent entities that have their own privacy policies. This Privacy Policy does not apply to such other websites or to the use that those entities make of your information.
E-reward.co.uk Ltd has no control over the content displayed on such sites, nor over the measures, if any, that are taken by such sites to protect the privacy of your information. E-reward.co.uk Ltd website may also serve third party advertisements, or other content that contains their own cookies or tracking technologies. E-reward.co.uk Ltd does not control the use of those technologies.
Opt-outE-reward.co.uk Ltd, for legitimate business interests, maintain contact information on its clients and the wider business community to provide product, service and information announcements. E-reward.co.uk Ltd also sends (free of charge) reward management publications, promotional material promoting our conference guest tickets and reward training, industry news and other relevant offerings.
From time to time, E-reward.co.uk Ltd collaborates with other relevant organisations and companies to promote other programme that may be of interest to clients and the wider business community. In such cases, E-reward.co.uk Ltd does not provide these organisations with any personally identifiable information but may distribute the organisation's information on their behalf to those who may legitimately be benefited from receiving such information or have elected to receive such information. If you do not wish to receive marketing material, you may opt out.
Every marketing email will include an 'unsubscribe' link at the bottom. You may also notify E-reward.co.uk Ltd in writing as set out below. If your parent company has nominated you as a relevant contact required to receive information on its behalf, you cannot opt out of important information E-reward.co.uk Ltd is required to provide you as per E-reward.co.uk Ltd contractual obligations to its customers.
Social mediaWe may use third party provided tools such as Hootsuite to manage our social media interactions. If you send us a private or direct message via social media the message may be stored by Hootsuite. Like other personal data, these direct messages will not be shared with any other organisations.
Access, review and correctionThe General Data Protection Regulations gives you the right to access your personal data held by us (‘subject access request’). If you have an established business relationship with E-reward.co.uk Ltd, you may request from us a list of the categories of personal information held about you. Subject access requests must be made in writing to the details below. We will endeavour to respond to the request within a reasonable period and in any event within one month as required by the relevant provisions in the GDPR.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. We will take all reasonable measures to ensure that the personal data we hold about you is accurate. When you make a request to access or review the personal data we hold about you, we will request you to verify your identity before the request can be fulfilled.
Privacy rightsIn addition to the rights of access, review and correction, you have the right to object to your personal data being processed for any particular purpose, or to request that we stop using your information. If you wish to exercise these rights, please email paul@e-reward.co.uk or send a letter marked ‘Data Protection’ to the E-reward.co.uk Ltd offices at 33 Denby Lane, Heaton Chapel, Stockport, SK4 4RA.
If you have further concerns about how we use your personal data, you also have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the data protection authority for the UK. Please visit https://ico.org.uk/ for more details on your data protection rights and how to contact them.
CookiesHarmless cookies that are designed to enhance your user experience of this website are stored on your device. These consist of small data files relating to you and this website.
Information stored in cookies created by E-reward.co.uk Ltd are not shared with any third party unless required to do so by law.
By continuing to browse this website you are consenting to the storage of its first party cookies on your device.
The first party cookies used by this website include (but may not be limited to):
__utma: Google Analytics cookie that refers to the number of times you have visited our website and the first and the last visit times.
__utmb and __utmc: Google Analytics cookies that contain timestamps of time you enter and leave our website.
__utmz: Google Analytics cookie that tracks which search engine you have used to come to this website, which keyword(s) you used to find the website, which link(s) you have clicked on within the website and where you were located when you clicked that link.
laravel_session
_atuvc, uvc: AddThis cookie that makes sure you see the updated count of shares if you share a page and return to it before AddThis share count cache is updated.
xtc: AddThis cookie.
psc: AddThis counter cookie.
uid: AddThis cookie containing your unique ID for AddThis services.
uit: AddThis cookie that provides login time tracking facilities.
This privacy policy was last updated on 25 May 2018.
Education
Events
Research
Resources
Executive Pay