http://www.insurancece.com/help/terms
Home
877-488-9308
Cart Summary
Finish
Modify Order
Checkout >>
Sign In
Home
Exam Prep
Continuing Education
Company Training
Career Training
Resources
Help
Sign In
Search
Toggle navigation
Exam Prep
Insurance Exam Prep Courses
Insurance Adjuster Exam Prep Courses
CTEC Qualifying Education
Exam Prep Company Solutions
Continuing Education
Insurance CE
CFP® Certification CE
CPA CPE
Enrolled Agent CPE
Tax CE
Certification CE
Real Estate CE
Funeral CE
Other Products
Company Training
Firm Element & Securities
Anti-Money Laundering Training
Business Best Practices Training
Cybersecurity Training
Sexual Harassment Training
Fraud Training
Corporate Programs
Career Training
EXCEED Industry Training
Resources
Blog
Special Offers
CE Course Features
Insurance Exam Prep Course Features
Terms and Conditions
Important Legal Information
Welcome to WebCE.com ("WebCE") or one of the other websites owned by WebCE, Inc. By using this website or a similar web site managed by WebCE for our various co-brand partners ("Websites"), you signify your assent, without limitation or qualification, to the following terms and conditions of use. Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using the Website. WebCE may at any time revise these terms and conditions by updating this posting. Because you are bound by any revisions to this statement, you should periodically revisit this page to review the then current terms and conditions by which you are bound.
WebCE Guarantee
If you are not completely satisfied with your order, call WebCE's Customer Service Department at 877-488-9308 or send email to Customer Support for exchange and refund information.
Use of this Web Site
All content and information provided by WebCE on its Web site, including but not limited to text, data, images, graphics and charts, is owned by or licensed to WebCE and/or its licensed content providers. This content and information is protected by copyright and intellectual property laws. All rights reserved. No part of WebCE's Web site content or information may be reproduced, uploaded, transmitted, distributed, sold, published, or used for any commercial purpose without the express written consent of WebCE. Use of the information is for private, noncommercial use only.
Trademark Policy
WebCE® is the trademark of WebCE, registered in the United States and other jurisdictions.
Copyright Policy
All Rights Reserved. All course materials offered by WebCE are copyrighted by either WebCE or its licensed content providers. No part of WebCE's course content may be reproduced, retransmitted, distributed, sold, published, broadcasted or circulated including individuals in the same company or organization without the express written consent of WebCE. Course content shipped in paper book formats or received electronically via the Internet may be displayed or printed for your personal, non-commercial use only. Purchase of a course includes a license for one person to use the course materials for a specified period from the date of shipment or activation. Expiration dates will be indicated on purchase receipts and in the course dashboard page for a student’s account. It is not permissible to distribute files containing course materials or printed versions of course materials to individuals who have not purchased the course(s) without express written consent from WebCE. It is also not permissible to make the course materials available to others over a computer network, Intranet, Internet, or any other storage, transmittal, or retrieval system. Although great effort has been made to ensure WebCE's course content contains accurate and timely information, it is provided with the understanding that the authors and publishers are not engaged in rendering legal, accounting, tax or other professional advice. If professional advice is required, the services of a competent advisor should be sought.
For Informational Purposes Only
All content and material on the WebCE's Website is copyrighted and reserved to WebCE and/or its licensed content providers. It is intended to be used for informational purposes only. All products and services offered by WebCE are not available in all states or license types. Information provided on this Website is believed to be accurate and reliable when posted. WebCE cannot guarantee that information will be accurate, complete, and current at all times. The Websites may also contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. WebCE will from time to time revise the information, products, and services described in the Websites, and WebCE reserves the right to make such changes without notice.
Links to Other Internet Sites
Links to other Internet sites ("hyperlinks") are included only as a convenience for you as a visitor to our Websites. WebCE makes no judgments or warranties with respect to the accuracy, timeliness, or suitability of the content of any of these hyperlinks, and WebCE assumes no liability for the content or presentation of the hyperlinks. By providing a hyperlink to a service or third party website, WebCE does not endorse the linked service or website, its content, or its sponsoring organization. We encourage you to read the Privacy Statements of each and every website that you link to. Please note that these websites may or may not have privacy policies and those policies may be more or less restrictive than WebCE 's privacy policy.
Viruses
There is always the possibility of unknowingly acquiring computer viruses on the Internet and thus we want to warn you about infections or viral contamination on your system. It is your responsibility to scan any and all downloaded materials received from the Internet. WebCE shall not be responsible or liable for any damage caused by viruses or related hazards, whether or not that virus or hazard resulted from a visit to the Websites. You, and not WebCE, assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repairs, or correction related to computer viruses.
Information provided "As Is"
The materials contained in the WebCE websites are provided "as is" and without any warranties of any kind, express or implied. WebCE disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. WebCE does not warrant that the access to the WebCE websites will be uninterrupted, that the materials contained therein will be error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the WebCE websites or servers are free of viruses or other harmful components.
Limitation of Damages
Under no circumstances shall WebCE be liable for any direct or indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on the websites, even if WebCE or an authorized agent or broker, contractor, or representative of WebCE has been advised of the possibility of such damages. If applicable law does not permit the exclusion or limitation of liability or certain categories of damages, the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. In no event, however, shall WebCE’s total liability to you for all damages, losses, or causes of action exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing this website.
Other Terms and Conditions
WebCE may terminate your access to any courses that are not completed before their expiration date, as well as terminate access to previously completed course content or other resources after their expiration date. WebCE has the right to terminate an account at any time if WebCE has reason to believe that the user is fraudulently accessing the courses for unauthorized reasons. If you have questions concerning any of WebCE's Important Legal Information, please feel free to contact us by calling our Customer Service Department at 877-488-9308 or send email to Customer Support.
System Requirements
Use our System Requirements Check to see if your computer is ready to run WebCE content.
Connect With Us:
Call: 877-488-9308
Email: [email protected]
About
Our Story
Why WebCE
Careers
Meet the Team
Need help?
FAQs
Contact Us
Legal & Tech
Technical Requirements
Privacy & Data Rights
Accessibility
Business Continuity
Terms & Conditions
Sitemap
Copyright ©1992-2020
WebCE®. All Rights Reserved.
S2-41
A + BBB Rating
Click for Review