http://www.calomax.co.uk/privacy-policy.html
Log In
Register
0113 249 6681
Home
About Us
Products
Counter Top Boilers
Wall Mounted Boilers
Accessories
Testimonials
Support
Fault Finding
Manual Downloads
Find an Engineer
Installation Guide
Water Filter Advice
Technical Guides
Contact Us
Home
Privacy Policy
Products
Homepage
Installation Items
Calomax Accessories
Calomax Special Offers
Spares for Counter Top Boilers
Eclipse HT3C10
Eclipse PB3C10
Eclipse 3C5C
Eclipse 3C10
Quantum-e
Quest
Kudos
Kudos 3DF
Kudos 6DF
Kudos 9DF
Cascade
Cascade 6TC
Eclipse 3C5
Quantum
Kudos 3
CB32
Spares for Wall Mounted Boilers
Eclipse PB3W5
Eclipse 2W3
Eclipse 3W5
Eclipse 3W7.5
Eclipse 3W10
Eclipse 3W15C
Compact
Clipper 5L
Clipper 7.5L
Clipper 10L
Clipper 15L
Products
Counter Top Boilers
Wall Mounted Boilers
Accessories
Your Shopping Basket
Your basket is empty.
Your Shopping Basket
Your basket is empty.
Featured Product
Plastic moulded facia kit for Contour
Best Sellers
3kW Element
Tap top assembly (Black)
Tap cup washer
Tap top assembly (Grey)
Eclipse 3kW Element
Body lid gasket (NB15BLG)
Thermistor assembly kit
Solenoid valve
Universal Tap Body Gasket (silicone)
Solenoid valve
Privacy Policy
Calomax Ltd – privacy notice
1. Background
This privacy notice lets you know what happens to any personal data that you give to us, or any that we may collect from or about you. It applies to all products where we collect your personal data.
This privacy notice applies to personal information processed by Calomax Ltd.
Changes to this privacy notice
We may change this privacy notice from time to time by updating this page in order to reflect changes in the law and/or our privacy practices. We encourage you to check this privacy notice for changes whenever you visit our website – www.calomax.co.uk
Calomax Ltd and our Data Protection Officer
We are Calomax Ltd, Lupton Avenue, Leeds, West Yorkshire, LS9 7DD.
We manufacture and supply catering water boilers and spare parts and accessories for same.
We have a designated data protection officer (“DPO”) who you can contact by writing to the above address, marking it for the attention of the DPO; or by emailing sales@calomax.co.uk
2. What kinds of personal information about you do we process?
Personal information that we’ll process in connection with all of our products, if relevant, includes:
Personal and contact details, such as title, full name, contact details and contact details history
Productsyou have purchased from us
3. What is the source of our personal information?
We’ll collect personal information from the following general sources:
From you directly
Publicly available information
4. What do we use your personal data for?
We use your personal data for the following purposes:
To monitor and to keep records of our communications with you and our staff (see below)
For direct marketing communications and related profiling to help us to offer you relevant products. We’ll send marketing to you by email and post.
To develop new products and to review and improve current products.
To comply with legal and regulatory obligations, requirements and guidance
5. What are the legal grounds for our processing of your personal information?
We rely on the following legal bases to use your personal data:
Where it is needed to provide you with our products,such as:
a) Updating your records.
b) All stages and activities relevant to supplying the product including enquiry, quotation, invoicing and delivering goods; processing payment.
Where it is in our legitimate interests to do so, such as:
a) Managing your products relating to that, updating your records, tracing your whereabouts to contact you about your account and doing this for recovering debt (where appropriate)
b) To follow guidance and recommended best practice of government and regulatory bodies
c) To carry out monitoring and to keep records of our communications with you and our staff (see below)
d) For direct marketing communications and related profiling to help us to offer you relevant products.
To comply with our legal obligations
With your consent or explicit consent:
For some direct marketing communications
6. Do we share your personal information with other organisations?
No. we do not share information with third parties
7. How and when can you withdraw your consent?
Where we’re relying upon your consent to process personal data, you can withdraw this at any time by contacting us using the details below.
8. Is your personal information transferred outside the UK or the EEA?
No, never.
9. What should you do if your personal information changes?
You should tell us so that we can update our records using the details in the Contact Us section of our website. We’ll then update your records.
10. Do you have to provide your personal information to us?
We’re unable to provide you with our products if you do not provide certain information to us. In cases where providing some personal information is optional, we’ll make this clear.
11. Do we do any monitoring involving processing of your personal information?
In this section monitoring means any: listening to, recording of, viewing of, or taking and keeping records (as the case may be) of calls, email, text messages.
We may monitor where permitted by law and we’ll do this where the law requires it, or to comply with regulatory rules, and for quality control and staff training purposes. This information may be shared for the purposes described above.
12. For how long is your personal information retained by us?
Unless we explain otherwise to you, we’ll hold your personal information based on the following criteria:
For as long as we have reasonable business needs, such as managing our relationship with you.
For as long as we provide goods to you and then for as long as someone could bring a claim against us; and/or
Retention periods in line with legal and regulatory requirements or guidance.
13. What are your rights under data protection laws?
Here is a list of the rights that all individuals have under data protection laws. They don’t apply in all circumstances. If you wish to use any of them, we’ll explain at that time if they are engaged or not. The right of data portability is only relevant from May 2018.
The right to be informed about the processing of your personal information
The right to have your personal information corrected if it is inaccurate and to have incomplete personal information completed
The right to object to processing of your personal information
The right to restrict processing of your personal information
The right to have your personal information erased (the “right to be forgotten”)
The right to request access to your personal information and to obtain information about how we process it
The right to move, copy or transfer your personal information (“data portability”)
You have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office which enforces data protection laws: https://ico.org.uk/. You can contact us using the details below.
14. Your right to object
You have the right to object to certain purposes for processing, in particular to data processed for direct marketing purposes and to data processed for certain reasons based on our legitimate interests. You can contact us by going to the Contact Us section of our website to exercise these rights.
15. What are your marketing preferences and what do they mean?
We may use your address, phone numbers and email address to contact you according to your marketing preferences. You can stop our marketing at any time by contacting us using the details below or by following the instructions in the communication.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy notice, or if you wish to exercise your rights or contact the DPO, you can contact us by going to the contact us section of our website. Alternatively, you can write to Calomax Ltd, Lupton Avenue, Leeds, LS9 7DD marking it for the attention of the DPO.
Content
Home
About Us
Counter Top Boilers
Wall Mounted Boilers
Accessories
Fault Finding
Manual Downloads
Find an Engineer
Contact Us
Shopping
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Returns Policy
Address
Calomax Limited
Lupton Avenue
Leeds
West Yorkshire
LS9 7DD
Map
Contact Us
Phone: +44(0) 113 249 6681
Fax: +44 (0) 113 235 0358
Information and Sales:
sales@calomax.co.uk
Service and Technical Support:
service@calomax.co.uk
Twitter
Tweets by @calomaxboilers
© Calomax Limited 2020 - Catering Hot Water Boilers. Registered in England No. 2617748 Registered Office: Lupton Avenue, Leeds, LS9 7DD VAT REG No. G.B. 168 9432 22
calomaxV6
http://www.calomax.co.uk
common