http://www.shopmedvet.com/privacy-policy
Home/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Med-Vet International (www.shopmedvet.com). This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personal identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information. Information Collection, Use, and Sharing We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
All product prices are subject to change without notice.
Med-Vet International is not responsible for typographical errors.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
View Frequently Asked Questions
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contracts from us at anytime by contacting us at customerservice@shopmedvet.com , or by phone at 800-544-7521:
- See what data we have about you, if any.
- Change/correct any erroneous data we have about you.
- Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https://" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, processing your order or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personal identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Registration
In order to use this website, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our website in which you have expressed interest.
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you. We use "cookies" on this website. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a website visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our website and identify repeat visitors to our website. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our website. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our website.
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our website (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies. We share limited information with our partners and advertisers in order to complete your order and to better serve you. We have reviewed privacy policy of our partners to make sure it protects you to the same extent or beyond our own privacy.
We partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
This web website contains links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other websites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy statements of any other website that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time to time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include the following: contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
You may contact us via 800-544-7521 or by emailing us at customerservice@shopmedvet.com regarding this policy or the use of information provided to us.
SMS Messaging
To be eligible to receive promotional SMS notifications from Med-Vet International you must OPT-IN by texting MVDEALS to (833) 775-9412. By texting this shortcode you are expressing written consent to receive our exclusive promotional messages.
We will send you only our absolute best deals and you will receive no more than 1 SMS message per week.
Opting Out from SMS Messages
If at any point you no longer wish to receive SMS messages from Med-Vet International, simply text the word STOP to (833) 775-9412 and you will be removed from our list.
Frequently Asked Questions
Q: What personal identifiable information is collected from me through the web site? How is it used, and with whom it may be shared?
A: Some information we collect are Names, Companies, Licensing, Phone Numbers, E-mails, and Addresses. Customer Service is granted access to this personal identifiable information for helping customers with billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we will also use this information to contact you.
Q: What precautions do you take to protect my information?
A: When you submit sensitive information to the website, your information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline.
Q: What choices are available to me regarding the use of my data?
A: You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website. You may see what data we have about you, if any. Please change and correct any erroneous data we have about you, or express any concerns you have about our use of your data.
Q: How can I correct any inaccuracies in my account information?
A: Go to Shopmedvet.com/member_info to update your account information. If other information needs to be changed, please call at 1-(800)-544-7521. One of our Customer Service Representatives will be able to update your account for you.
Q: I have additional questions, where can I go for answers?
A: If you have additional questions you can access Live Chat Support on our home page, or call the Customer Service Department
Shop by CategoryAnesthesia & RespiratoryApparel & TextilesDiabetes SuppliesDiagnosticFurnishingsGlovesIncontinenceInstrumentsIV AdministrationJanitorialLaboratory SuppliesMobility AidsOR & ExamOrthopedic SuppliesPersonal Protective EquipmentPharmaceuticalsSutureSyringes & NeedlesTeaching SuppliesVeterinary SuppliesVials & ContainersWound CareX-RayVendors
Exceptional ServiceOur customer service team is available Monday-Friday to help answer any questions and to assist during your shopping experience.Keep in Touch!We Promise SatisfactionYour complete satisfaction is important to us. If you are not satisfied, we will gladly accept your return within 30 days.
View Return Policy© Copyright 2020 Med-Vet International. All rights reserved. | About Us | Privacy Policy |
Shipping Policy