http://www.componentplaygrounds.com/terms-and-conditions
Tweets by @Cplaygrounds
COVID-19 Protocols in Place >
Terms & Conditions
Home
Terms & Conditions
Component Playgrounds Product Returns Policy
Returns are accepted within 30 days of purchase and must be accompanied by the original sales receipt or invoice. All products to be returned must be in new condition. If any returned products are brought back in other than new condition, Component Playgrounds may choose not to accept the return. Transportation costs, including the original shipping cost and the return shipping cost, for any returned items are the responsibility of the individual or party returning the product.
All returns are subject to a 20% restocking fee that will be deducted from the amount to be refunded. If you paid with a credit or debit card, you must present the same card and the funds will be refunded to the credit/debit card. Cash refunds will be made with a Component Playgrounds company check. If you paid with a personal or business check, Component Playgrounds will refund these funds only via Component Playgrounds company check. Refund checks will be mailed within ten business days of the date that the product is returned. Custom made items may not be returned for refund or exchange.
Any Products returned to Component Playgrounds after 30 days from the date of purchase are eligible for in store credit only. Returns will not be accepted after 60 days from the date of purchase.
Component Playgrounds Payment Policy
All invoices are due and payable at the date of purchase unless otherwise specified. A late charge of 2% monthly (24% annually) will be charged on all late accounts. Title to any equipment or merchandise shall not pass to the purchaser until all sums due are paid in full. Component Playgrounds accepts cash, checks, Visa, Master Card, American Express, and Discover. All returned checks will be subject to a $20.00 fee. Purchaser agrees to pay all court costs and attorneys fees should collection proceedings be required.
Component Playgrounds Shipment Policy
Component Playgrounds will process and ship most orders within ten to twelve business days from the purchase date. All orders must be paid in full before product will be shipped. Complete sets will be shipped via a common carrier truck line and are shipped F.O.B. destination. Most large sets will be shipped on one or more large pallets. Small parts orders may be shipped via UPS ground and are shipped F.O.B. destination.
Order Cancellation: All orders are typically processed and shipped within ten to twelve business days. This means that any person desiring to cancel an order must do so with in four business days of placing the order. Any order cancelled with in the four day grace period will not be subject to the 20% restocking fee. Any order cancelled on or after the fifth day will be subject to a 20% restocking fee. Additional charges such as shipping and recovery costs will be charged if the equipment has been shipped out prior to the cancellation of your order. These costs will be deducted from the amount to be refunded.
Component Playgrounds Privacy Policy
When browsing and purchasing from component-playgrounds.com, you have certain rights. Component Playgrounds owns and operates component-playgrounds.com, and wishes all of our users to know and understand our policies when purchasing items from this web site. As you browse our site and purchase the best playground equipment available, we want you to feel safe and confident at each step of the process.
First, you have the right to the privacy of all personal information that is entered on this web site. We pledge to keep your personal information safe and secure. Your personal information is encrypted using a secure server for maximum security. component-playgrounds.com does not sell, rent, give or trade your personal information to any third party, unless legally required to do so or under your consent.
Second, you have the right to know that you can shop safely at component-playgrounds.com, and you will never have to worry about credit card safety. Personal information such as your name, address, phone number and credit card details will be required to complete your order. Component Playgrounds agrees to keep your information confidential. Using our secure server, you can shop confidently. When orders are placed over the phone, Component Playgrounds agrees to shred your credit card details immediately upon completion of your order being processed.
Component Playgrounds Custom Orders Policy
Component Playgrounds will complete some custom work as requested. All custom made orders must be paid in full before production will begin. You are responsible to provide all measurements or drawings as they relate to your custom order. If your drawings or measurements are incorrect, Component Playgrounds will not be liable and the product cannot be returned. If you desire Component Playgrounds to rework the part to the correct dimensions, additional charges will apply.
If a mistake is made and the custom part is not built as shown on your drawing or measurements, our liability is limited to the re-manufacture of the part to the correct dimensions. Custom orders are not refundable and cannot be returned.
Shipping
The lead time for swing sets is approximately 3 weeks (longer for powder-coated sets).
The swing set will not be delivered to driveways, backyards, garages, etc. Curbside delivery only.
You will need to be present at time of delivery to sign for the shipment.
The shipment will arrive on a pallet in a freight truck. 2-3 people will need to be present at delivery to help offload the swing set from the truck piece by piece.
Please make sure we have the best phone number to reach you so that the freight company can contact you for delivery.
If there is any damage to your swing set, please make a note of it on the delivery receipt before signing.
The freight company will contact you to notify you of a delivery day. If they cannot get a hold of you, or you are not available, and storage fees are charged, you will be responsible for the payment of those charges.
Returns
If you decide to return your swing set, there will be a 25% restocking fee and you will need to pay for the original and return freight charges.
Powder-coated sets are non-refundable (except where warranties apply).
All custom items are non-refundable (except where warranties apply).
If you have any questions regarding these policies, please contact us at sales@componentplaygrounds.com
877-530-0222
Store Hours
Salt Lake CityMon - Fri9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Closed Sat. & Sun.
Pleasant GroveMon - Thurs10:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Fri & Sat 10:00 AM - 2:00 PM.
Closed Sun.
Click Here to See Our Showroom
Orderssupport
sales@componentplaygrounds.com
Have a Question?
Call 877-530-0222
InformationLimited WarrantyPlayground Components GuidePlayground Installation ProcessTestimonialsAbout UsDelivery InformationPrivacy PolicyTerms & ConditionsCommercial ProductsPlayground GlossaryFrequently Asked QuestionsView Our ShowroomInstallation
Popular SwingsetsResidential Swing SetsStarter Swing SetsA Frame Swing SetsPost Swing SetsArch Swing SetsMonkey Tree Swing SetsLadder Swing SetsSuper Swing SetsPlayhouse Swing SetsClubhouse Swing SetsAll SwingsetsSchool Swing SetsChurch Swing SetsHOA Swing SetsDaycare Swing SetsPark Equipment
Connect with Component Playgrounds
Component Playgrounds
Component Playgrounds
1630 Beck St
Salt Lake City, Utah 84116
USA
877-530-0222