http://www.sportscover.com/privacy-policy-2/
Data Protection Privacy Notice
Sportscover Europe Ltd and Active Underwriting Ltd takes your privacy very seriously and will only use your personal information to administer your account and provide the products and services that you have requested.
To enable us to take the necessary steps to enter into a contract with you to provide the appropriate insurance products and services we collect the following information:
You – First Name, Surname, Address, Postcode, Date of Birth, email address, phone number.
Other people that you want on the same Policy – Name, relationship to you, email address.
Professional qualifications
Work/Sports experience
Your living situation
Job title and Employment history
Medical history – Any injuries, illnesses or other medical conditions that might be relevant
Whether you or they have any unspent criminal convictions
Whether you or they have any County Court Judgements regarding your commercial interest.
Details and values of items you wish to insure.
Payment details in order to purchase the insurance.
Details of your claims history and about any claim being made under the proposed insurance.
Details of any complaint should there be any instance that leads to a need to make one.
If you do not wish us to collect this information, we cannot offer you a Sportscover or Active Underwriting product.
Any personal information provided by you may be held by Sportscover Europe Ltd, Active Underwriting Ltd and Sportscover Australia in relation to your Sportscover/Active products or service. It may be used by our staff in making a decision concerning your Sportscover/Active product or service and for the purpose of servicing the Sportscover/Active product or providing the Sportscover/Active service, administering claims and resolving complaints. Information may be passed to other service providers for these purposes. Information may also be passed to insurers and reinsurers, the Financial Regulator, Financial Ombudsman, HMRC, auditors and others who have a legal requirement to see it or to honour a legal obligation. We may obtain information about you from credit reference agencies, fraud prevention agencies and others to check your credit status and identity. The agencies will record our enquiries, which may be seen by other companies who make their own credit enquiries. We will check your details with fraud prevention agencies. If you provide false or inaccurate information and we suspect fraud, we will record this.
We may also use generic personal information to assist us in product development and pricing. We and other organisations may use these records to:
help make decisions on Sportscover/Active products and any claims, for you and members of your household
trace debtors, recover debt, prevent fraud, and manage your Sportscover/Active product
check your identity to prevent money laundering, unless you furnish us with satisfactory proof of identity.
Under Data Protection legislation, you can ask us in writing for a copy of certain personal records held about you.
We may contact you by letter email or phone during the life of the Sportscover/Active product and/or the course of any claim and at the conclusion of the claim to complete any customer satisfaction surveys
We will take the following measures to ensure that personal information kept is accurate:
We will check each new application against any existing customer records
Where relevant, on anniversary dates or renewal dates, we will write to ask for any updates
How long do we keep your data?
We will keep your personal data for as long as is necessary for the purposes for which it was originally collected. These purposes can be found in the section ‘How will we use your information?’
To ensure the financial integrity of our records held in our databases, we will retain your personal data within those systems indefinitely unless it is deemed unlawful to do so.
Where information has been created based on the data held in those databases, for example reports, documents and spreadsheets, it shall be kept for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which it is being processed.
Usage analytics
Sportscover/Active collects information about how you use our website. This is done in order to drive further developments and to improve your user experience in the future.
We collect the number of views of each page or screen on the web site that you visit in order to buy a policy to enable us to determine where you got to in the sales process.
Your rights relating to your personal data
Our obligations to you
We are obliged to provide you with information on any actions that we have taken in response to any of the following requests.
Right to have access to your personal information.
Right to have your personal data corrected or removed if it is inaccurate.
Right to have your personal data deleted from our systems.
Right to restrict the processing of your personal data.
Right to object to the processing of your personal data for communications and marketing.
Right to have your personal data transferred to another company.
Right to lodge a compliant with the regulator and/or seek a judicial remedy.
We will respond to you within one month of the receipt of a request unless the number and complexity of the requests made is deemed sufficiently high in which case we may extend this time by a further two months. We will inform you if we need to make use of this additional time and why we need to do so.
We will not charge you for responding to any of these requests unless it can be demonstrated that you are making an excessive amount of repetitive requests or that your request is not based on fact, realistic considerations, or the like. In this exceptional case, we may charge you a reasonable fee or choose to refuse your request.
If you disagree then you may raise your concerns with the Information Commissioner’s Office. https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
To assist us in responding to these requests, we may ask you to verify your identity to make sure that we do not give your personal data to the wrong person, update your data with details you did not provide or take action on your data that you did not request.
Right to have access to your personal information
You have the right to request a copy of the personal information that we hold about you.
If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email us at email:
Dataenquiries@sportscover.com or write to the Data Protection Officer at Sportscover Europe Limited, 75/77 Cornhill London, EC3V 3QQ.
For Active Underwriting Ltd, please email us at email:
dataenquiries@activeuw.com or write to the Data Protection Officer at Active Underwriting Limited, 75/77 Cornhill London, EC3V 3QQ.
Right to have your personal data corrected or removed if it is inaccurate
It is important to us that your personal information is accurate and up to date.
If you believe that some information is inaccurate or should be removed, you may either update your information directly via email at Dataenquiries@sportscover.com or write to the Data Protection Officer at Data Protection Officer at Sportscover Europe Limited, 75/77 Cornhill London, EC3V 3QQ. with details of your request.
For Active Underwriting Ltd, you may either update your information directly via email at:
dataenquiries@activeuw.com or write to the Data Protection Officer at Active Underwriting Limited, 75/77 Cornhill London, EC3V 3QQ. with details of your request.
Right to have your personal data deleted from our systems
You can request that we delete your personal data from our systems if you believe that:
We no longer need to process your personal data in order to provide you with appropriate insurance products and services or;
We no longer need to process your personal data in order to process any claims you make or;
We have processed your personal data in a manner which you believe is unlawful or;
We have to delete your personal data to comply with another piece of legislation.
We may choose to refuse your request if we believe that:
We have a legal obligation to keep your data or;
It is required for the purposes of processing outstanding insurance claims or;
It is required for establishing or defending a legal claim.
If you disagree then you may raise your concerns with the Information Commissioner’s Office. https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
Right to restrict the processing of your personal data
You can request that we temporarily halt the processing of your personal data if you believe that:
We should not process your data whilst we are in discussions with you regarding a disagreement over the accuracy of your personal data or;
We have processed your personal data in a manner which you believe is unlawful but rather than wanting us to delete your data you would prefer us to take another course of action to rectify your issue or;
We no longer require the data but you do not wish us to remove it from our systems as you require it for establishing or defending a legal claim.
If such a restriction is put in place, then we will not process your data without informing you first that the reason for the restriction has been lifted.
Exceptions to this are that we can continue to process your data as follows:
Storing your data or;
Using it for processing any insurance claims that you have made or;
Using it for the purposes of establishing or defending a legal claim or;
Using it for the protection of the rights of another person.
If you disagree then you may raise your concerns with the Information Commissioner’s Office. https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
Right to object to the processing of your personal data for communications and marketing
You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you and if you wish to do so, please update directly via email at Dataenquiries@sportscover.com or write to the Data Protection Officer at Data Protection Officer at Sportscover Europe Limited, 75/77 Cornhill London, EC3V 3QQ. with details of your request.
Right to have your personal data transferred to another company
You have the right to receive a copy of the personal data that you have provided to us, that we process using our computer systems, in a format that can be read by another person’s or company’s computer system.
You have the right to transfer that copy of your personal information or can request that we do it for you, where it is technically feasible for us to do so.
This right of transfer can be refused if we feel that it would adversely affect the rights of another person.
If you disagree then you may raise your concerns with the Information Commissioner’s Office. https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
Right to lodge and complaint with the regulator (Information Commissioner’s Office) and/or seek a judicial remedy
If we do not take action on your request within one month of its receipt and do not provide you with reasons why then you may lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office. https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
If you believe that the way that we have processed your personal data is not in keeping with current Data Protection legislation then you may lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office. https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
If you believe that your rights under current Data Protection legislation have been infringed as a result of the way that we have processed your personal data then you may seek a judicial remedy via the courts. https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/compensation/
Menu
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok