http://www.thesolenoidcompany.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
On the 25th May 2018, new European data protection regulations came into effect, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) reinforces the requirement for data protection, transparency and individuals rights.
Impulse Automation Limited, the “controller of your information”, takes data privacy seriously; we are committed to confidentiality and to maintain a high level of respect for the information we hold.
Information risk assessments make sure that data is kept safe. Policies and procedures ensure data is accurate, that the information source is known, how it is securely stored and located, the type of information we retain, and how this information is processed, shared or destroyed.
Our privacy policy applies to products and services provided through Impulse Automation Limited.
We gather and store information where there is a clearly defined customer/supplier relationship, our legitimate basis for holding and processing information. We keep specific information to enable us to enter into a contract with you and are unable to do so without it. When you interact with us, we store personal and company data, for instance, filling out forms, ordering products or services, sending emails, making enquiries or requesting literature.
When we collect details about a company or individual, we identify ourselves clearly; third parties do not gather “Personally Identifiable Information” (PII) on our behalf.
Personal information is never passed onto a third party without the express permission of the company or individual unless it is implied or necessitates a successful business transaction. An enquiry referral, shipping of goods where a name, address, telephone and email address is required to deliver parts ordered are legitimate uses of an individuals information.
The transmission of personal data to governmental entities or authorities only occurs within the framework of legal regulations.
Hyperlinks - Our websites may contain hyperlinks to other Internet sites that are not bound by this privacy policy. We do not influence whether these operators observe data privacy regulations.
Website cookies and Analytics provided by Google - By using our websites, text files, (known as Cookies) containing configuration information are placed on your computer to assist site functionality and determine user preference.
An IP address provides information and evaluates the use of our websites so that we can generate reports, ultimately to improve user experience. By placing cookies on your device, we do not collect personal information; all data is evaluated and assessed anonymously.
It is possible to opt-out of being tracked and prevent the use of cookies in the future by installing an add-on, Google Analytics opt-out browser, tools.google.com/optout. This opt-out browser could affect site usability; please seek full advice before using this tool. Find information relating to Google’s privacy policy here policies.google.com
Credit or debit cards - When you provide us with card details over the telephone, we enter these details directly onto our payment terminal. We never request card information in a written format, for example, by fax or email.
The validity, card number and security code, is checked against card address information registered with the card provider to prevent fraud.
Merchant receipts that show the full debit or credit card numbers are destroyed immediately after payment; credit card information is never stored for future use. End of day procedures performed at the end of each trading day ensure credit card information is cleared down and never stored in the payment terminal.
Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) compliance protects businesses and their customers against payment card theft and fraud. SecurityMetrics is a leading provider of data security. We hold a valid compliance certificate to ensure the data you entrust us with is kept safe.
Online Credit and Debit Card Transactions - We use an online payment portal provided by PayPal; this payment portal is accessed at the checkout stage when purchasing items through our online shop.
PayPal uses 3D-Secure, a unique code entered by the card user which legitimises the transaction, designed to ensure enhanced security and secure authentication for consumers when they use their debit or credit cards for online purchases.
Every transaction is encrypted using advanced encryption technology. Card information is not accessible to Impulse Automation when using this method of payment.
Telephone Systems - Although we do not record all calls, Impulse Automation Limited has the facility to record calls on an impromptu basis. Like many organisations, this is a standard practice that allows the recording of telephone calls for quality monitoring, training, compliance and security purposes. Calls recorded are for internal use only.
Marketing – Important updates, product promotions or services that we offer are typically conveyed by email.
We understand that too many emails can be overwhelming or annoying, and that is why only relevant and essential information for legitimate business use is communicated.
If you would like to opt-out of receiving future emails, it is possible to unsubscribe using the link provided within the email, or if you prefer, you can call us directly.
Minors - should never transmit personal information without guardians consent, and although we do not intentionally collect data from minors, it may inadvertently happen. We do encourage those with parental responsibility to educate children regarding the distribution of Personal Identifiable Information (PII) and online safety.
Personal Identifiable Information (PII) and your rights - The Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) have published information regarding your rights, follow this link ico.org.uk to find out more.
Some information is held by law, or for regulatory requirements. We do not keep data for longer than it is necessary to do so.
All data discarded is disposed of through secure methods.
Due to online innovation and development, privacy policies are often updated; we reserve the right to make any changes at any time without consultation.
For further questions regarding our privacy policy and how we handle your information, please email or call us directly.