http://www.dockslocks.com/pages/terms-and-conditions
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Terms and Conditions
Conditions of Use
TERMS AND CONDITIONS PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING www.DOCKsLOCKs.com (the”Site”).
LEGAL STATEMENT: All users of the Site agree that access to and use of the Site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site. This legal statement contains the terms and conditions governing the Site. By using any of the Site, you expressly accept and agree to abide by all the terms and conditions contained in this Legal Statement. The Site is available only for your personal use, which shall be limited to viewing the Site, providing information to the Site, downloading product information for your personal review, and the purchase of products.
CONTENT/OWNERSHIP: DOCKsLOCKs®, LLC (“DOCKsLOCKs”) owns all of the Site, and it is the seller of all merchandise purchased through the Site. DOCKsLOCKs® owns or has rights to all of the wallpaper, icons, characters, artwork, images, graphics, music, text, software and other content of the Site (the "Content"), and all HTML, CGI and other code and scripts in any format used to implement the Site (the "Code"). The Content and Code of the Site are protected by copyright. Except as set forth above, you may not copy, modify, upload, download, transmit, re-publish, display for redistribution to third parties for commercial purposes, or otherwise distribute any Code or Content from the Site without the prior written agreement of DOCKsLOCKs® . You may not use the Content or Code from the Site for any purpose other than those set forth above. All names, logos and trademarks which appear on the Site are the property of DOCKsLOCKs® or are used by DOCKsLOCKs® under license. You may not use any of the foregoing for any purpose without the prior express written permission of DOCKsLOCKs® . Your failure to comply with this Legal Statement will constitute breach of contract and will violate DOCKsLOCKs®’ copyright, trademark and other proprietary and intellectual property rights.
NO LICENSE: Except as expressly provided above, nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or right under any patent, trademark, copyright or other proprietary or industrial right of DOCKsLOCKs® , its affiliates, or any third party. USE OF INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY YOU: Note: This section does not apply to personal data supplied by you to the Site, such as your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number and the like. Please see our Privacy Policy Statement for information regarding our treatment of personal data. If you respond to DOCKsLOCKs® with any information, including but not limited to feedback, data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like, such information shall not be deemed confidential. All such submissions shall be deemed the property of DOCKsLOCKs® , and your submission of information shall constitute an assignment to DOCKsLOCKs® of all worldwide rights, titles and interests in such information. DOCKsLOCKs® will not be liable for any use or disclosure of such information. DOCKsLOCKs® will not have any obligation to keep such information confidential and will be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute the information to others without limitation. DOCKsLOCKs® will be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such information for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products which incorporate or otherwise rely upon such information. DOCKsLOCKs® welcomes your comments and suggestions on its Site and products, but DOCKsLOCKs® does not seek to solicit any confidential or proprietary ideas, suggestions, materials or other information relating to developing, designing, redesigning, modifying, manufacturing or marketing its products or any new products. By submitting information, you warrant that DOCKsLOCKs® may publish such information, use it as part of its operations, and incorporate its concepts in DOCKsLOCKs® products without liability.
PRODUCT AND PRICING INFORMATION:Although DOCKsLOCKs® has made every effort to display the products and their colors as accurately as possible, the displayed colors of the products will depend upon the monitor of the user and DOCKsLOCKs® cannot guarantee that the user's monitor will accurately portray the actual colors of the products. Products displayed may be out-of-stock or discontinued, and prices are subject to change. DOCKsLOCKs® is not responsible for typographical errors regarding price or any other matter. Subject to the foregoing, the prices displayed are quoted in U.S. dollars. Purchases are subject to applicable taxes to be paid by the purchaser, and do not include shipping and handling.
Accounts, Passwords and Security: Certain features or services offered on or through the Site may require you to open an account (including setting up an DOCKsLOCKs® ID and password). You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information, including your password, and for any and all activity that occurs under your account. You agree to notify DOCKsLOCKs® immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or password, or any other breach of security. However, you may be held liable for losses incurred by DOCKsLOCKs® or any other user of or visitor to the Site due to someone else using your DOCKsLOCKs® ID, password or account. You may not use anyone else’s DOCKsLOCKs® ID, password or account at any time without the express permission and consent of the holder of that DOCKsLOCKs® ID, password or account. DOCKsLOCKs® cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with these obligations.
DISCLAIMERS: DOCKsLOCKs® publishes information on its Sites as a convenience to its visitors. While DOCKsLOCKs® attempts to provide accurate and timely information, there may be inadvertent technical or factual inaccuracies and typographical errors. We reserve the right to make corrections and changes to the Site at any time without notice. The DOCKsLOCKs® products described in its Site may not be available in your region. DOCKsLOCKs® does not claim that the information in the Site is appropriate to your jurisdiction or that the products described in its Site will be available for purchase in all jurisdictions. DOCKsLOCKs® operates its Site from the United States. It is possible that some software that may be downloaded from the Site is subject to government export control or other restrictions. By visiting and using our Site, you acknowledge these restrictions and agree that you are not subject to them. DOCKsLOCKs® makes no warranties of any kind regarding any non- DOCKsLOCKs® sites to which the user may be directed or hyperlinked from this Site. Hyperlinks are included solely for the convenience of the user, and DOCKsLOCKs makes no representations or warranties with regard to the accuracy, availability, suitability, or safety of information provided in such non- DOCKsLOCKs® sites. Visitors assume all responsibility and risk with respect to their use of the Site. DOCKsLOCKs® disclaims all warranties, representations and endorsements, express or implied, with regard to information accessed from or via the Site, including but not limited to all express and implied warranties, such as warranty of title, merchantability, non-infringement and fitness for a particular purpose. DOCKsLOCKs® does not warrant that the Site is free of computer viruses, bugs or other harmful components. DOCKsLOCKs® does not warrant that the functions contained in the material will be uninterrupted or error-free or that errors will be detected or corrected. DOCKsLOCKs® does not assume any liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, reliability or usefulness of the information disclosed or accessed through the Sites. DOCKsLOCKs ®does not have any duty to update its Site or modify the Content or Code, and DOCKsLOCKs® shall not be liable for its failure to update such information. It is your responsibility to verify any information contained in the Site before relying upon it. Furthermore, the Site and the materials and products on the Site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, DOCKsLOCKs® disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. DOCKsLOCKs® does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that the Site or the server that makes the Site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. DOCKsLOCKs® does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in the Site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability: IN NO EVENT SHALL DOCKsLOCKs BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES OF WHATEVER KIND RESULTING FROM WHATEVER CAUSE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF USE, INABILITY TO USE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, OR ANY OTHER TYPE OF DAMAGE, TANGIBLE OR INTANGIBLE IN NATURE, WHETHER IN AN ACTION UNDER THEORIES OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE INFORMATION ON, OR ACCESSED THROUGH, THE SITE OR the performance of the products PROVIDED ON THE SITE, even if DOCKsLOCKs® has been advised of the possibility of such damages .
Use of Site:Harassment in any manner or form on the Site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a DOCKsLOCKs® or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the Site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the Site or use the Site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
Third-Party Links: In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, DOCKsLOCKs® may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with DOCKsLOCKs®, DOCKsLOCKs® has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of DOCKsLOCKs®. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, DOCKsLOCKs ®seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on, not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
Participation Disclaimer: DOCKsLOCKs® does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the Site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the Site, DOCKsLOCKs® is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the Site. However, DOCKsLOCKs® reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to DOCKsLOCKs® in its sole discretion. Indemnification:
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless DOCKsLOCKs®, its members, officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
Term; Termination: These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the Site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by DOCKsLOCKs® without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination. FURTHERMORE, DOCKsLOCKs® reserves the right to withdraw access to the Site or to revise the services and products described in the Site at any time without notice. DOCKsLOCKs® may at any time revise the terms and conditions contained in this Legal Statement by updating this posting. You are bound by any revisions and should periodically visit this page to review the current terms and conditions, which apply to your use of the Site. The invalidity of any term, condition or provision of this Legal Statement shall not affect the enforceability of those portions of the Legal Statement deemed enforceable by applicable courts of law.
Notice:DOCKsLOCKs® may, should DOCKsLOCKs® so choose, deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the Site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to DOCKsLOCKs®.
Miscellaneous: Your use of the Site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of North Carolina, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to the Site (including but not limited to the purchase of DOCKsLOCKs® products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Craven County, North Carolina. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the Site (including but not limited to the purchase of DOCKsLOCKs ®products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. DOCKsLOCKs® failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. DOCKsLOCKs® may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
Copyright © 2004-2007 DOCKSLOCKS®, LLC. All rights reserved.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh
press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection