http://www.msvlife.com/life-insurance/about-us/legal/
Skip to Content
About Us
Print
Tweet
COOKIES POLICY
MAPFRE MSV Life Plc hereinafter also “The Company” uses cookies to offer users an optimal browsing experience that matches their needs, and to protect and improve its website. Please read this cookies policy carefully to inform yourself about The Company’s responsible cookie use, and about your options for configuring your browser and managing cookies.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small data files that are generated in users’ computers allowing us to see how often you visit our website, the most selected contents, and the security elements that may help control access to restricted areas.  In addition cookies allow us to display advertisements based on criteria defined in advance by MAPFRE MSV Life Plc and which are activated by cookies are used by the Company or by the Third Parties providing services on its behalf.
As a general rule, there are the following types of cookies:
Depending on when they expire:
Session cookies: Expire at the end of a session.
Persistent cookies: Do not expire at the end of a session.
Depending on where they come from:
Origin: Enabled by the website being navigated.
Third-party cookies: Cookies from other websites.
Depending on their purpose:
Technical: allow navigation and use of different services.
Personalisation: allow access to services with predefined features.
Analysis: allow the monitoring and analysis of user behaviour.
Advertising: allow the management of advertising spaces.
Behavioural advertising: allow the management of advertising spaces. They store information about user behaviour.
What types of cookies do we use and why?
The following are the types of cookies used on this website and their use:
Analytical cookies
These cookies are used to collect statistics on user activity. The statistics they analyse include the number of users who have visited the website and the number of pages they visited.  In addition they cookies also collect information about user activity and usage frequency on the website.
The information that is collected is always anonymous, so that no link can be drawn between the data and the individual to which they refer.
Authentication cookies
These cookies are used to maintain user sessions during each visit. They predominate in private areas of the website that require a username and password for access.
Cookies used by social networks
These cookies make it possible for users to share contents of interest to them with their contacts in a social network by pressing the corresponding button (plug-in) inserted into the website.
These plug-ins, store and access the cookies on the user’s terminal, and allow the social network to identify their users when they interact with the plug-ins.
Cookies used by external content add-ons
These cookies are necessary for providing certain types of service, and are stored by third parties.
This cookie category includes, for example, multi-media player cookies that are used for storing technical data in order to play video or audio contents such as, image quality, loading settings, etc.
Third-party cookies for personalising advertising spaces
These cookies make it possible to manage the advertising spots users see when they access the website. They are stored by third parties.
Who accesses the information from the cookies?
The information stored in the cookies is used exclusively by MAPFRE MSV Life Plc.
Can cookies be disabled?
Except for analytical cookies, the use of cookies affects user privacy, because as a general rule, it makes it possible to relate their content to users’ connecting IP addresses and other personal data such as, to data provided voluntarily.
By accepting this Privacy and Cookies Policy, users consent to generating cookies for the purposes mentioned above.
Notwithstanding the above, if users subsequently decide to eliminate any cookies stored on their computer that necessarily require their consent, they may do so by using the tools their browsers offer for such purposes. In this regard and depending on the browser, the following links provide the procedures for disabling cookies:
Firefox: http://support.mozilla.org/es/kb/habilitar-y-deshabilitar-cookies-que-los-sitios-we
Internet Explorer: http://windows.microsoft.com/es-es/internet-explorer/delete-manage-cookies
Chrome: http://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=es&answer=95647
Safari: http://support.apple.com/kb/HT1677?viewlocale=es_ES
Opera: http://help.opera.com/Windows/8.54/es-ES/cookies.html#privacy-cookie
Users who do not accept cookies or later reject them may have the functionalities of the website impaired.
Changes and updates to the MAPFRE cookies policy
MAPFRE and the companies in its group may modify this Cookies Policy in accordance with legislative or regulatory requirements, or in order to adapt the policy to instructions and recommendations set forth by Regulators. It is therefore recommended to review the Cookies Policy periodically.
Click here to view and download the FATCA & CRS Compliance Information and Forms
Back to top