http://www.guyandoneill.com/privacy
Blog
Contact Us
About Us
About Us
Customer Service
Community
Facilities
Sustainability
Quality & Regulatory
Innovation and R&D
Culture
Executive Team
Contract Manufacturing
Contract Manufacturing
Products
Capabilities
Private Label
Private Label
Household
Beauty
Personal Care
Adult Care
Our Brands
Our Brands
Ally
Clean Cut
Evoke
Zippy
Careers
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) is to inform you about the policies for collection and use of personally identifiable information on the Guy & O’Neill, Inc. (“we” or “us”) website. Sites which are linked to or from our website may have different policies; please review the privacy policy notices on those sites for details.  Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, which are hereby incorporated by reference.
We do not collect personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) about you on this website without your knowledge, and all such information is collected directly from you.  Any Personal Information that you provide to us via our website will be used only for such purposes as are described in this Privacy Policy or at the point of collection.  Without limiting the foregoing, we use the information we collect from you to allow you to participate in website activities for which the information is collected, and to respond to your questions or comments or send you information you have requested.
We do not share Personal Information provided by website visitors with anyone outside Guy & O’Neill, Inc., except in the following circumstances:
When required to complete a transaction or service that you have requested;
To respond to an inquiry, request or complaint that you have made;
To other Guy & O’Neill, Inc. affiliates and subsidiaries, or any subsequent owner or operator of our website if we assign our rights and obligations regarding any of your Personal Information at the time of a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets;
When we have previously informed you of the disclosure, including by means of this Privacy Policy;
When we are required by law or court order to disclose, or we believe in good faith that the law requires it;
When disclosure is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against, someone who may cause or be causing harm to, or interference with, our rights or property, other website users, or anyone else; or
In any other circumstances when you have given your consent to such disclosure.
In particular, we do not rent or sell mailing lists of website visitors to any third party for direct marketing or other purposes.
We take reasonable steps to maintain the security of your Personal Information and to prevent unauthorized access to it by those who do not have a legitimate need for it.  Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  As a result, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us or from our website, including but not limited to Personal Information, and you provide such information at your own risk.
While we take reasonable steps to protect the privacy of our website, we cannot guarantee that our website will address every browser setting or honor every personal browser preference. In particular, our website does not react to "Do Not Track" or "DNT" browser signals at this time. Note that third parties may collect Personal Information and other information about your activities over time and across different websites when you visit our website or other websites.
If you are under 13 years of age, you should not provide any Personal Information on this website without the knowledge and permission of your parent or guardian. If we learn that you are under 13 years of age, we will not maintain or use any Personal Information about you without the verifiable consent of your parent or guardian, except as allowed by law. This may mean that you will be unable to participate in some activities on the website without that verifiable consent.
By providing any Personal Information to us, all users, including, without limitation, users in the member states of the European Union, fully understand and unambiguously consent to this Privacy Policy and to the collection and processing of such Personal Information in the United States of America, and/or in territories or countries outside of the United States of America.  You understand and acknowledge your consent to such collection and processing notwithstanding that governmental authorities may not consider the level of protection of such Personal Information in the United States to be equivalent to that required within the European Union or other jurisdictions.
If you have questions concerning this policy or if you would like more information, please send an email to customer-service@guyandoneill.com. This Privacy Policy may change as our website develops and grows, so please revisit this page as often as you wish.  We may revise and update this Privacy Policy from time to time in our sole discretion, and you agree to be bound by any revised Privacy Policy by continuing to access and use this website.
View the terms of use for this website.
About
Private Label
Contract Manufacturing
Blog
Careers
Contact Us
262-692-2469
200 Industrial Drive, Fredonia, WI 53021
©2020 Guy & O'Neill, Inc. All rights reserved.
Privacy Legal