http://www.ipscustom.com/legalprivacy.aspx
About    Home    Distributor - Reseller - Rep.
Inquiries    OEM Inquiries    Legal/Privacy    Contact    My Basket
Industrial Process and Sensor
WARRANTY/DISCLAIMER
Warranty: Industrial Process and Sensor shall not be liable for any injury, loss or damage, implied or statutory, resulting out of the use or inability to use any item sold by us. Industrial Process and Sensor will replace or repair any item proved to be defective. Before using our instrumentation the customer must determine the applicability of the product for its desired use and the user must assume all risks in connection with it. Industrial Process and Sensor sells its products only under the terms and conditions stated above and will not be bound to terms and conditions stated by the purchaser in any offer, acceptance, or other contractual document. Placing an order or accepting delivery of an item shall be considered acceptance of Industrial Process and Sensor terms and conditions.
Disclaimer: Industrial Process and Sensor is pleased to offer suggestions on the use of its various products. However, IPS neither assumes responsibility for any omissions or errors nor assumes liability for any damages that result from the use of its products in accordance with information provided by IPS, either verbal or written. IPS warrants only that the parts manufactured by it will be as specified and free of defects . IPS MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, EXCEPT THAT OF TITLE, AND ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: The remedies of purchaser set forth herein are exclusive, and the total liability of IPS with respect to any order, whether based on contract, warranty, negligence, indemnification, strict liability or otherwise, shall not exceed the purchase price of the component upon which the liability is based. In no event shall IPS be liable for any damages or losses, whether direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential. This warranty cannot be transferred or assigned to third parties. It is limited to the purchaser only.
APPLICABLE LAW: The terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois without regard to that body of law controlling conflict laws.
The information contained on this site is believed to be correct, but Industrial Process and Sensor. accepts no liability for any errors it contains and reserves the right to alter specifications without notice.
Industrial Process and Sensor
Internet Privacy Policy
Industrial Process and Sensor respects your right to privacy. This policy summarizes what personally identifiable information we may collect, and how we might use this information. This policy also describes other important topics relating to your privacy.
Information Collection
Industrial Process and Sensor may collect personally identifiable information (such as name, title, company name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address) that you voluntarily provide through our website or e-mail correspondence. We will collect general information (such as the type of browser you use, the files you request, and the domain name and country from which you request information) to improve our web site and better meet your needs.
Use of Information
Before we collect any personally identifiable information, we will provide an explanation for the possible use of your data. The information you supply will be used by Industrial Process and Sensors to respond to your inquiries, supply you with requested information on Industrial Process and Sensor products and services, or track orders you place with Industrial Process and Sensors Authorized third parties may be utilized by Industrial Process and Sensor to collect, track and process such information. If you have submitted personal information to Industrial Process and Sensor electronically and would like it removed or modified, please contact us and we will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request.
Children and Parents
Industrial Process and Sensor does not intend to collect personally identifiable information from children under age 13 without permission of the child's parent or legal guardian. Children under the age of 13 should submit personally identifiable information to Industrial Process and Sensor only with the explicit permission of their parent or legal guardian. Where appropriate, Industrial Process and Sensor will instruct children not to submit personal information. If your child has submitted personal information and you would like to request that such information be removed, you may do so as indicated above and Industrial Process and Sensors will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request.
Other Important Information
The Industrial Process and Sensor web site may contain links to other sites. We do not endorse or otherwise accept responsibility for the content or privacy policies of those sites. Additionally, some of our web pages may contain "cookies," which are data that may be sent to your web browser and stored on your computer. This allows our server to "recognize" you when you visit our web site in the future. Most web browsers can be configured to not accept cookies, or to notify you if a cookie is sent to you.
It may be necessary, if required by law or if pertinent to judicial or governmental investigations, to release your personally identifiable information.
Back to Home Page
Home
| About | Contact |
Ordering Info |
Â©
2003-2009 Industrial Process and Sensor. All rights reserved.
All product names throughout this website are trademarks of their respective holders.
site map