http://www.arlingtonmachinery.com/privacy-policy/
Call
Privacy Policy
Arlington Machinery is
committed to protecting online user privacy. In order to ensure your privacy,
information Arlington Machinery collects through our web site at
www.colemanallied.com ("Site") is used only in the manner and for the
purposes described in this Arlington Machinery Privacy Policy ("Privacy
Policy.")
User Consent to
Privacy Policy
Any
person accessing, browsing, or otherwise using the Site, either manually or via
an automated device or program, shall be considered a "User." All
Users are bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy. Users consent to the
collection, use, and disclosure of personally identifiable User information
("Information") pursuant to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection
and Deletion
Most of
our services do not require any form of registration. However, some services
may require you to provide Arlington Machinery with Personal Data. In these
situations, if you choose to withhold any Personal Data requested by us, it may
not be possible for you to gain access to certain parts of the site and for us
to respond to your query.
Arlington Machinery collects the email addresses of Users that e-mail or submit a customer
review.
Arlington Machinery collects the billing and shipping addresses, including relevant e-mail,
phone and credit card numbers and expiration dates of Users who purchase a
product from Arlington Machinery through the Site. This includes Users who register
to become Arlington Machinery members or enter any Arlington Machinery contests or other
promotional features available on the Site.
You
have the right to request access to information we have about you. We will make
sure to provide you with a copy of the data we process about you. In order to comply
with your request, we may ask you to verify your identity. We will fulfill your
request by sending your copy electronically, unless the request expressly
specifies a different method.
If you
believe that the information we have about you is incorrect, you are welcome to
contact us so we can update it and keep your data accurate. Any data that is no
longer needed for the purposes specified in the Use of Information will be
deleted. If at any point, you wish for Arlington Machinery to delete information about
you, you can contact us.
Cookies
Through
the use of "cookies" (For more information regarding Cookies, see
below), Arlington Machinery may collect and store anonymous information relating to
Users' browsing patterns, including, for instance, the User's browser version,
site referral information, IP address, operating system, and other technical
Site use information.
The
Site uses a feature of Internet Web browsers called a Cookie, which is a file
that a User's Web browser places on a User's computer's hard drive, to assign
an identification code to the computer and to collect anonymous browsing
information. On this Site, cookies are used in conjunction with session
variables to track a User's shopping cart and expire as soon as an order is
completed or if a shopping cart sits idle for a lengthy period without being
checked-out.
Arlington Machinery does not use Cookies to retrieve Information about Users from a User's
computer unless the User knowingly and willingly provided such Information.
You may
set your Internet Web browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or to
prevent cookies from being sent. If you prevent a cookie from being sent, you
may limit the functionality Arlington Machinery can provide you when you visit the
Site, especially when purchasing an item on the Site.
Use of Information
Arlington Machinery uses the Information collected from its Users to:
Respond to Users' questions or comments;
Administer a User's contest entry or entry in
other promotional feature;
Fulfill a User's purchase request and notify
Users of their order status; and
Provide Users with important functionality
changes to the Site, new Arlington Machinery services and special offers we think
you will find valuable.
Disclosure of
Information to Third Parties
Unless
we have your consent or except as required or permitted by law, Arlington Machinery
will not sell, share, trade or give away any Information that it collects or receives
regarding its Users.
Arlington Machinery may disclose information about our Users to others if we have a good
faith belief that we are required to do so by law or legal process, to respond
to claims, or to protect the rights, property or safety of Arlington Machinery or
others. Arlington Machinery may disclose Information to third party in the event
that a third party acquires Arlington Machinery or its assets. (See, Sale or
Acquisition section below.)
Linked Internet Web
Sites
The
Site may provide hyperlinks, which are highlighted words or pictures within a
hypertext document that, when clicked, take you to another place within the
document, to another document altogether, or may take you to a third party
website not controlled by Arlington Machinery. These hyperlinked third party
websites may collect and disclose Information different than this Site. Arlington Machinery is not responsible for the collection, use, or disclosure of information
collected through these web sites, and Arlington Machinery expressly disclaims all
liability related to such collection, use, or disclosure.
Children
The Arlington Machinery Site is not directed towards children under 18 years of age and Arlington Machinery does not knowingly collect any information from children under 18 years
of age through the Site.
Security
Arlington Machinery has security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration
of the Information under our control, including credit card information that is
submitted to Arlington Machinery When Users place orders or access their account
information, the Site uses secure server software (SSL), which encrypts all
information Users' input before it is sent to us. Thus, we have taken steps to
protect the Information we collect from you from unauthorized access.
Unfortunately, no system is perfect; therefore, Arlington Machinery makes no
representations or warranties with regard to the sufficiency of these security
measures. Arlington Machinery shall not be responsible for any actual or
consequential damages that result from a lapse in compliance with this Privacy
Policy because of a security breach or technical malfunction.
Sale or Acquisition
In the
event that another company acquires Arlington Machinery or all or part of its
assets, we reserve the right to include Information among the assets
transferred to the acquiring company.
Applicable
Law/International Issues
Information
that is submitted to this Site will be collected, processed, stored, disclosed
and disposed of in accordance with applicable U.S. law. If you are a non-U.S.
User, you acknowledge and agree that we may collect and use your Information,
as discussed above, outside your resident jurisdiction. In addition, such
Information may be stored on servers located outside your resident
jurisdiction. U.S. law may not provide the degree of protection for Information
that is available in other countries. By providing us with your Information,
you acknowledge that you have read this Privacy Policy, understand it, agree to
its terms and consent to the transfer of such Information outside your resident
jurisdiction. If you do not consent to the terms of this Policy, please do not
use this Site, but if you have already provided us with Information, please
contact us and let us know how you would like us to handle such information.
Controller
Arlington Machinery processes Personal data as both a Processor and as a Controller. You can
contact Arlington Machinery at any time to:
Request access to information that we have
about you
Correct any information we have about you
Delete any information we have about you
If you
have any additional questions about Arlington Machinery’s collection and storage of
data, please contact us at:
2020 Estes Avenue
Elk Grove, IL 60007
(312) 878-3809
Amendments to Privacy
Policy
Arlington Machinery reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy periodically.
Return to top
Home
Privacy Policy
Like Us On Facebook
Follow Us On Twitter
Follow Us On Linkedin
Add Us On Google+
Watch Us On YouTube
© 2013 - 2020. Arlington Machinery. Privacy Policy · Terms · Site Map · Page Top