http://www.cleanzones.com/privacy-policy.html
Home
Your are Here: Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy
Your Privacy
Clean Zones, LLC respects your privacy and the purpose for which our site visitors provide us information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.
Information Collected
If you request or submit information to us by sending a message via email or as a function of filling out our secure "contact-us/Quote" forms, we may save your e-mail address as well as any other information you may provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, e-mail, or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your e-mail address and other information you provide remains securly private and will not be sold to any third party.
Clean Zones, LLC does not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties.David McClelland, Owner Clean Zones, LLC
Information Collected by Others
This notice addresses only the policy of the CLEANZONES.COM website and not sites that users access via links from our site. Clean Zones, LLC is not responsible for the information collection policies of other sites, nor for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, nor for the information or content contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.
Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information
If you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send us a message via our website secure contact/quote from with "Remove personal information" in the message box.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
Clean Zones, LLC may disclose information when legally compelled to do so; in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
Periodic Policy Changes
Please note that Clean Zones, LLC reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.
This policy statement is made in the name of Clean Zones, LLC and is effective as of January 1st, 2017. This statement does not create an agreement between Clean Zones, LLC and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.David McClelland, Owner Clean Zones, LLC