http://www.pcb4u.com/privacy-policy
Get a Quote
Accutrace Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us.  This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Accutrace, Inc. (“We” or “Us”) collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from our clients through our website and other electronic means (each, and collectively, “Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site offered by Us.
Information
We collect information from our clients.   Your information is stored for your convenience. Like many other websites, we use cookies on the Site (a small removable data file that is stored by the web browser on your computer that identifies your computer and browser when you visit our Site or use our services. We do not use cookies to collect personal information but rather to improve the quality of the services we provide. Most web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Please note, however, that certain features of the Site may not function if you delete or disable cookies. Some of the service providers that we work with may use their own cookies in connection with the services they perform on our behalf.  We will not disclose your personal information to any outside organization for its use in marketing without your consent.  Information regarding you or your order and the products you purchase may be shared with our agents or contractors so that such contractors can perform services for Us. Any information shared with these partners will comply with our Privacy Policy. We periodically send e-mails to you with helpful information about Us, your account and updates to this website.
Compliance with Laws
Accutrace cooperates with government and law enforcement officials to enforce and comply with the law. We may therefore disclose information about you, if we deem that it is reasonably necessary to: (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process (such as a subpoena or court order) or enforceable governmental request; (b) enforce our terms of service, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Accutrace, its users or the public as required or permitted by law.
Security
Providing you with a secure online experience is a high priority for Us. Your transactions are supported by industry-standard data encryption.  All of our information is stored on a secured server that is backed by TRUSTe Privacy.  Our website is registered with site identification authorities to enable your browser to confirm the Our website's identity before any transmission is sent. With this technology, the identity of our site is automatically confirmed behind the scenes prior to the transmission of any customer information requested to complete an online order.   If you are using a security-enabled browser, the information you send us regarding your order is encrypted, making it more difficult for a third party to read such information. Our website utilizes industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to allow for the encryption of potentially sensitive information such as your credit card number.
- Security is actually a shared responsibility of Us and our clients who have the capability to enhance the security of their own accounts.  In order to do your part, please - Do not allow others to use your password- Select unique and non-obvious passwords which are different from your username- Change your password often- Log out when you've completed your purchase- Protect your login information and access to your computer while logged in.
Third Party Websites
Users may find content on our Site that links to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, and other third parties. We do not control the content of the links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
International Trade in Arms Regulations
We have no control over, or knowledge of, your particular use of our printed circuit boards and other products. Our products may be subject to the International Trade in Arms Regulations ("ITAR"), administered by the U.S. Department of State.   By ordering or purchasing products from Us, you agree to comply with our privacy policy, and all applicable U.S. export control laws and regulations, including without limitation ITAR. Without limiting the foregoing, you agree that you will not transfer any export-controlled item to any foreign persons without the authority of an export license, agreement, or applicable exemption or exception, from proper government authorities.
If you are engaged in the business of either exporting or manufacturing defense articles or furnishing defense services, you represent and warrant to Us that you are registered with the proper government authorities in accordance with ITAR and other applicable laws. You will be liable for all liabilities and expenses associated with your compliance and non-compliance with this Section, and you agree to indemnify Accutrace from all costs and expenses associated with third party claims arising out of your non-compliance.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We have the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage our clients to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your Acceptance of these Terms
By ordering our products, you signify your acceptance of this policy. Your continued use of the Site and ordering products through same following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, please contact us by U.S. mail at: 2986 Scott Blvd. Santa Clara, CA 95054
We hope that once you understand the measures we employ and the steps you can take to protect yourself, you'll be as confident about the security of your transactions and personal information as we are. The end result?
When you buy PCBs online from Accutrace, you buy with confidence, both in the products you receive and your privacy.
Instant Quote
PCB
Introductory Offers
Place Your Bid
Capabilities
Services
HDI
Materials Available
About
About
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Accutrace, Inc.2986 Scott Blvd.Santa Clara, CA 95054Phone (408) 748-9600Email: Sales@PCB4u.com