http://www.apbspeakers.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
American Program Bureau, Inc.Revised 2018
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for www.apbspeakers.com, owned and operated by American Program Bureau, Inc. This privacy policy describes how we collect and use the personal information you provide on our website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information
Information Collection, Use and Sharing
We collect the following information from you:
Contact information such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number
Information about your business/organization such as company name, business type
Demographic information such as topical interests, budget, zip code
We use this information to:
Assess the needs of your organization/event to determine suitable speakers/programs
Send you requested speaker/event information
Send you marketing communications
Respond to your questions and concerns
Improve our website and user experience
We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
Your information is only shared with a third party outside our organization in these instances:
As necessary during the speaker booking/event planning process
As necessary to unaffiliated third parties that are under contract to perform services for or on behalf of American Program Bureau, Inc. and are authorized to use your information solely in accordance of providing such services (e.g. marketing automation platform).
Your Access to & Control Over Information
You can do the following at any time by contacting us via apb@apbspeakers.com or 617.614.1600:
See what data we have about you, if any
Change/correct any data we have about you
Have us delete any data we have about you
Express any concern you have about our use of your data
Opt out of any future contacts from us
We will retain your information for as long as you are identified as an active contact and/or as needed to provide you services. If you request to have your information deleted, you will be permanently and securely removed from our database.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. Our website is secure; you can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
Form data submitted is protected both online and offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Cookies
We use cookies on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's computer to help us improve access to our site and identify repeat visitors. For example, when we use a cookie to identify you, you do not have to redo such things as building a speaker list (“My List” tool), thereby saving you time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. You can remove cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser’s “help” directory.
Links to Third Party Sites
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that American Program Bureau, Inc. is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Children
Our website is not generally intended for use by children under the age of 13 and American Program Bureau, Inc. does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children in this age group. If we become aware that a user under the age of 13 has registered with the website or otherwise provided personal information to us, or is attempting to do so, we will notify the user that he or she is not eligible for registration or to submit personal information. We will then immediately and permanently remove any of his or her personally identifiable information from our records.
Changes to this Policy
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. You may periodically review this page for the latest information.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately:
American Program Bureau, Inc.One Gateway Center, Suite 751Newton, MA 02458apb@apbspeakers.com617.614.1600
Email Your List
To:
You’ve reached your maximum number of speakers for this list.
Email Your List
To:
Use commas to separate multiple email addresses.