http://www.tes.net/default.asp?load=terms
We're still here.
And we're working hard to keep you working.
Our team is now 100% home-based, accessing our systems remotely via the same secure encrypted connections we use in our offices, to keep both client and candidate data safe.
Believing in the potential of people is our business.
And now, it is more important than ever. Stay safe, stay connected; we can all contribute.
Home
Site Map
TES Blog
TimeOnline
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Staffing Solutions
IT Staffing
Engineering
Executive Search
Career Center
T.E.S. JobFinder®
Useful Links
Tips
FAQ's
Resume Builder
Industry News
Business Services
IT Infrastructure Services
Payroll Services
HR Strategies - TES
Office Staffing
Light Industrial Staffing
About TES
Services
Quality System
Safety, Ethics, Environment
History
Certificates & Memberships
TES Brochures
AODA Complicance
Employment at TES
What's New
Woman-Owned
Contact Us
Francais
Terms of Use
Agreement:
This website (the
"Website") is owned and operated by TES (The Employment Solution). By
accessing and using the Website, you are indicating your acceptance to be bound
by the terms and conditions of this Terms of Use Agreement (the "Agreement")
between you and TES. If you do not accept these terms and conditions, you must
not access or use the Website.
Amendments:
TES reserves the
right, in its sole discretion, to modify, alter or otherwise update this
Agreement at any time by updating this posting. Use of the Website after such
changes are posted will signify your acceptance of the revised terms. You
should visit this page periodically to review this Agreement.
Intellectual Property:
By accessing and
using the Website, you expressly acknowledge that the TES Jobfinder, the Resume
Creator, and all other materials, resources and functions on this Website
(collectively "Content") have been designed, programmed, compiled and
prepared by TES through the expenditure of substantial time, effort and money,
and therefore constitute valuable intellectual property of TES. The website and
all associated copyrights and trademarks, including the look and feel, the
design, the functional specifications and programming code, and all technical
elements that are intrinsic to the Website, shall remain at all times the
property of TES. Except as granted in the limited license herein, any use of
the Content on the Website, including modification, transmission, presentation,
distribution, republication, or exploitation of the Website or of its Content,
whether in whole or in part, is prohibited without the express prior written
consent of TES.
License:
Subject to the terms
and conditions of this Agreement, you are hereby granted a limited,
non-transferable and non-exclusive license to access, view and use the Website
for your personal, non-commercial use, and are granted the right to download,
store and print single copies of items comprising the Content for your
personal, non-commercial use, provided that you maintain all copyright and
other notices contained in such Content.
Privacy Policy:
All personal
information submitted to TES becomes subject to TES's Privacy Policy. By
accessing or using this Website, you warrant that you have read and that you
understand TES's Privacy Policy found at http://www.tes.net/privacy_policy.
Information Submitted to the Website:
Portions of the
Website are password protected to help safeguard member information. A password
chosen by the user provides access to the site. As members of the TES online
community, users have access to their own information, the ability to submit
job orders, plus additional information and tools. TES reserves the right to
change passwords at any time to protect the security of the Website. TES
requires that you select a secure password for accessing the Website and keep
it confidential. TES requires that you send an email immediately to
helpdesk@tes.net if you feel that your password has been compromised. If you
forget your password, send an email to helpdesk@tes.net to receive a reminder
of your password via email.
Links:
The Website contains
links to third-party websites. These links are provided solely as a convenience
to you and not as an endorsement by TES of the contents of such third party
sites. TES makes no representations or warranties of any kind regarding any
third party website including, without limitation (i) any representation or
warranty regarding the legality, accuracy, reliability, completeness,
timeliness, security, suitability of any content on any third party website,
(ii) any representation or warranty regarding the merchantability and fitness
for a particular purpose of any material, content, software, goods, or services
located at or made available through such third party websites, and (iii) any
representation or warranty that the operation of the third party website will
be uninterrupted or error free, that defects or errors in such third party
websites will be corrected, or that such third party websites will be free from
viruses or other harmful components. And use of sites linked to on the Website
is at your own risk.
Limitation of Liability:
Subject to
applicable law, in no event shall TES, or its partners, employees or agents be
liable for damages of any kind including, without limitation, any direct,
special, indirect, punitive, incidental or consequential damages including,
without limitation, any loss of business, lost savings, lost data or lost
profits arising from your use of, reliance upon, or inability to use the
Website, regardless of the cause and whether arising in contract, tort
(including negligence), or otherwise. The foregoing limitation shall apply even
if TES knew of or ought to have known of the possibility of such damages.
Disclaimer of Warranties:
The materials on
TES's website are provided "as is". Any representations and
warranties made on this Website or in this Terms of Use Agreement are in lieu
of any other warranties or conditions, express or implied, orally or in
writing, respecting the Website. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, TES specifically does not warrant or provide any guarantee that:
the material on
the website will be of merchantable quality or fit for a particular purpose;
the Website will
operate uninterrupted or error-free; or
the Website will
be free from viruses or harmful components; or
communications to
or from the Website will be secure and not intercepted.
You acknowledge and
agree that you are using the Website at your own risk and liability.
Security:
By using and accessing
the Website, you acknowledge that there are inherent security risks when using
the Internet, including system and network failure. TES cannot guarantee
security or confidentiality of any communication to or from the Website.
Attornment:
By accessing or
using the Website, you agree that all matters relating to your access to, or
use of, the Website and the materials on the Website shall be governed by the
laws of the Province of Ontario and the laws of Canada, without regard to
conflict of laws principles. You agree and hereby submit to the non-exclusive
jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of Ontario with respect to all matters relating to your access to and use of the
Website.
Termination:
TES reserves the
right, in its sole discretion, to revoke, suspend or terminate your license to
access and use the Website, or any part of the Website, at any time without
notice. In the event of termination, you are no longer authorized to access the
Website or the part of the Website affected by such cancellation or
termination. TES shall not be liable to any party for such termination.
Severance:
If any term or
provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be
invalid, it shall be severed and the remaining provisions shall remain in full
force without being invalidated in any way.
Waiver:
No delay or omission
by TES to exercise any right or power it has under this Terms of Use Agreement
shall impair any such right or power or be construed as a waiver of any breach
of this Agreement. All waivers must be in writing and signed by the party
waiving its rights.
Privacy Policy Contact Us About TES TES Quality Policy Site Map Terms of Use Home Page