http://www.aipoh.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policyr2WPadmin2016-10-27T10:59:40+00:00
We are fully committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to our web site. We do not and will not sell or provide any non-public personal information to anyone without your permission.
Cookies
A Cookie is a piece randomly generated code that is placed on your computer for the purpose of tracking your visit to our website. It allows us to identify your computer without requiring your disclosure of any Non -Public Personal Information. Cookies make it possible to both store and retrieve information through your internet browser. A Cookie itself cannot read information off a hard drive or read Cookie files from other sites.
General Information is information that does not itself reveal your identity. General Information may include, without limitation: user behavior on our Web site, IP Address, Internet Service Provider. This information is collected through an analytics program.
Non-Public Personal Information is any non-public information you provide to us that can be used to identify, contact, or locate you or someone at your business. Non-Public Personal Information may include, without limitation: name; address; phone number; e-mail address; credit card number; account information. This type of information is submitted to us when you fill out a form on this website.
What Information We Collect
We collect general information and non-public personal information.
How We Collect Our Information
We collect general information through the use of analytics software and server-based tracking systems to view the usage of the website.
Non-public personal information is collected through registration or contact forms on this site.
Privacy Policy Changes
Any changes to this privacy policy will be posted here and unless otherwise noted on our website.
If you have any questions or concerns about any privacy issues, please contact us.
Go to Top