https://www.statesupply.com/policies/
ATTN: Due to high volume and carrier demand, Saturday delivery is not an option this week.
Close
State Supply Policies
Terms of Service
Shipping
Payment
Returns
Privacy
Shipping
In-stock orders which qualify as "small-pack shipments" and which are placed before 3:30pm Central Time ship the same day that the order is placed.
In-stock orders that qualify as "freight shipments" ship within one business day of the order being placed.
For orders that are partially in stock, a customer service representative will notify the customer within the same business day.
The customer will have the option to proceed with multiple shipments, in which case the customer may incur an additional shipping charge.
Orders that are not in-stock may be drop-shipped from a vendor/manufacturer within 1-3 business days of the order being placed.
In this case, a customer service representative will notify the customer of the delayed shipment within one business day.
On rare occasions, items may be unavailable for an extended period of time.
This most commonly occurs for items that are out of stock with State Supply and our vendor network.
These situations require us to wait until the next manufacturing run for the item to become available and in this case, a customer service representative will notify the customer of the delay within the same business day and present alternative options if available.
Fees associated with incorrect shipping address information, including address type, liftgate requirements, etc. will be passed along to the customer.
State Supply will not process orders that require third party international freight forwarding companies, such as DHL.Last Modified:
June 12, 2018
Page Top
Payment
Credit card payment is accepted via the four major credit cards: Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.
Credit card payments are processed through our PayPal gateway and all information is secured through a 256-bit SSL encryption.
We do not store any credit card information for transactions processed through our Site.
Business customers purchasing on a pre-approved line of credit are subject to Net-30 terms from the date of invoice.
Purchases made on account are invoiced within 1 business day of product shipment.
Invoices are e-mailed to the primary contact on the order.
For purchases made using our Site, a paper copy of the invoice will be mailed to the billing address submitted with the order.
For purchases made offline, a paper copy of the invoice will be mailed to the primary billing address on file unless otherwise instructed.
A 1.5% late fee is charged monthly on any past due balance.
Additional terms of payment, including pricing, may be communicated to you via our Site or other means and are hereby incorporated into this Agreement by reference.
Unless otherwise stated, all of our prices are denominated in United States dollars.Last Modified:
June 30, 2017
Page Top
Returns
State Supply accepts returns up to 90 days after the date of invoice. All returns must be issued an RMA number. RMA requests can be made online at: https://www.statesupply.com/rma
No re-stocking fee will be imposed on stock items returned within 30 days if they are in saleable condition (original packaging and contents in excellent shape). Items returned after 30 days are subject to a 15% re-stock fee. Items returned after 60 days are subject to a 20% re-stock fee. No returns are permitted after 90 days. Previously used/installed items cannot be returned, unless covered by warranty.
Returns for special order items or items that have been modified (such as an impeller trim) are assessed on a case-by-case basis. If a return is allowed, special order items will incur a variable re-stock fee of up to 50%.
Customers have the option to ship return items back to State Supply themselves or have us arrange for a pick-up. Return shipment costs paid by State Supply will be subtracted from the credited amount, unless we are at fault.
All product warranties implied are the manufacturer's liability. If an item is returned under the manufacturer's warranty, State Supply will forward the goods to the manufacturer for inspection and determination, which may take up to 5 weeks. The final decision as to whether the situation is covered by the warranty is solely at the manufacturer's discretion.Last Modified:
June 30, 2017
Page Top
Privacy
Introduction
Thank you for visiting State Supply.
Please read our Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy carefully, as you must agree to both documents as a condition of using our Service.
Definitions
Throughout this document, we may use certain words or phrases, and it is important that you understand the meaning of them.
The following is a non-exhaustive list of definitions of words and phrases found in this document:
"State Supply" refers to our company, known as "State Supply Co., Inc."; our Site; our Service; or a combination of all or some of the preceding definitions, depending on the context in which the word is used;
"Service" refers to both the goods services that we provide through our Site, including our industrial equipment and supplies and our Site itself;
"Site" refers to our website, www.statesupply.com;
"User" refers to anyone who uses our Site, including customers and general visitors to our Site;
"You" refers to you, the person who is governed by this Privacy Policy.
Information Collected
Identifying Information
We collect certain personal information from you when you sign up to our Service that can be used to identify you, such as your name, e-mail address, PayPal address (if different from e-mail address), mailing address, telephone number, job title, company information, how you found us, order information, and any other information that we deem necessary for the purpose of providing you with our Service or which you provide to us voluntarily.
The information we collect from you, to the extent that it is private, is disclosed only in accordance with our Terms of Service and/or this Privacy Policy.
Non-Identifying Information
Whenever you visit our Site, we may collect non-identifying information from you, such as your IP address, referring URL, browser, operating system, cookie information, and Internet Service Provider.
Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, this information alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
Use of Your Information
We may use your information to:
Enhance or improve User experience, our Site, or our Service.
Process transactions and fulfill orders.
Send e-mails about our Site or respond to inquiries.
Send e-mails and updates about State Supply, including our e-mail newsletter.
Perform any other function that we believe in good faith is necessary to protect the security or proper functioning of our Site or Service.
Accessing, Editing, and Removing Your Information
Users may in some cases be able to review and edit the personal information they have provided to us by logging into your account on the Site and editing their account.
Although most changes may occur immediately, information may still be stored in a web browser’s cache.
We take no responsibility for stored information in your cache, or in other devices that may store information, and disclaim all liability of such.
In addition, we may, from time to time, retain residual information about you in our backup and/or database.
Cookies
We use cookies to remember your preferences, track advertisements, and remember your shopping cart items.
For these reasons, it is necessary that you enable cookies in your browser, and you hereby acknowledge that we have informed you of our use of cookies and that you consent to our use of cookies in relation to your computer system.
Note that all or some of the cookies we use may be used by or accessible to third parties.
Please be advised that we use Google AdSense, which uses the DoubleClick cookie.
For more information on the DoubleClick cookie including how to opt out of it, please visit https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads.
Third Party Websites
State Supply may post links to third party websites on its Site.
These third party websites are not screened for privacy or security issues by State Supply, and you release us from any liability for the conduct of these third party websites.
Please be aware that this Privacy Policy, and any other policies in place, in addition to any amendments, does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any personal information relating to members of the Service or Site.
State Supply bears no responsibility for the information collected or used by any advertiser or third party website.
Please review the privacy policy and terms of service for each site you visit through third party links.
Third Party Access to Your Information
Although you are entering into an Agreement with State Supply to disclose your information to us, we do use third party individuals and organizations to assist us, including contractors, web hosts, and others.
Throughout the course of our provision of our Service to you, we may delegate our authority to collect, access, use, and disseminate your information.
For example, our web host stores the information that you provide us, and we may hire outside contractors to perform maintenance or assist us in securing our website.
It is therefore necessary that you grant the third parties we may use in the course of our business the same rights that you afford us under this Privacy Policy.
For this reason, you hereby agree that for every authorization which you grant to us in this Privacy Policy, you also grant to any third party that we may hire, contract, or otherwise retain the services of for the purpose of operating, maintaining, repairing, or otherwise improving or preserving our Site or its underlying files or systems.
You agree not to hold us liable for the actions of any of these third parties, even if we would normally be held vicariously liable for their actions, and that you must take legal action against them directly should they commit any tort or other actionable wrong against you.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you authorize us to collect, share, store, analyze, and otherwise use your information in conjunction with:
Google Analytics
MailChimp
PayPal
Wufoo
Release of Your Information for Legal Purposes
At times it may become necessary or desirable to State Supply, for legal purposes, to release your information in response to a request from a government agency or a private litigant.
You agree that we may disclose your information to a third party where we believe, in good faith, that it is desirable to do so for the purposes of a civil action, criminal investigation, or other legal matter.
In the event that we receive a subpoena affecting your privacy, we may elect to notify you to give you an opportunity to file a motion to quash the subpoena, or we may attempt to quash it ourselves, but we are not obligated to do either.
We may also proactively report you, and release your information to, third parties where we believe that it is prudent to do so for legal reasons, such as our belief that you have engaged in fraudulent activities.
You release us from any damages that may arise from or relate to the release of your information to a request from law enforcement agencies or private litigants.
Commercial and Non-Commercial Communications
By providing information to the Site that forms the basis of communication with you, such as contact information, you waive all rights to file complaints concerning unsolicited e-mails from State Supply since, by providing such information, you agree to receive communications from us or anyone else covered under this Privacy Policy.
However, you may unsubscribe from certain communications by notifying State Supply that you no longer wish to receive solicitations or information and we will endeavor to remove you from the database.
Security Measures
We take certain measures to enhance the security of our Site and Service, including using SSL certificates, vulnerability scanning, and PCI DSS-compliant hosting.
However, we make no representations as to the security or privacy of your information.
It is in our interest to keep our Site secure, but we recommend that you use anti-virus software, firewalls, and other precautions to protect yourself from security threats.
Your California Online Privacy Rights
State Supply permits residents of the State of California to use its Service.
Therefore, it is the intent of State Supply to comply with the California Business and Professions Code §§ 22575-22579.
If you are a California resident you may request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to any third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Various provisions throughout this Privacy Policy address requirements of the Californian privacy statutes.
In summary, you must presume that we collect electronic information from all visitors.
You may contact us at info@statesupply.com with any questions.
International Transfer
Your information may be transferred to—and maintained on—computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, State Supply transfers Personal Information to the United States and processes it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Amendments
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time.
When we amend this Privacy Policy, we will update this page accordingly.
You must read this page each time you use our Service, and your continued use of our Service shall constitute your acceptance of any such amendments.
Last Modified:
March 26, 2019
Page Top