http://www.agriwatch.com/privacypolicy.php
Indian Agribusiness Systems
Agriwatch App for Android is now available! Download from Google Play
Free Trial » for App and Website
Home
About Us
Services
Subscriptions
FAQ
Forgot Password?
|
Register now
Grains
Rice
Wheat
Maize
Pulses
Chana
Peas
Moong
Tur
Urad
Masoor
Veg Oil
Soya Oil
Palm Oil
Rapeseed Oil
Oil Seed
Soyabean
Rapeseed
Groundnut
Oil Meal
Soya Meal
Rapeseed Meal
Sugar
Sugar
Jaggery (Gur)
Cotton
Cotton
Guar
Guar Seed
Guar Gum
Spices
Red Chillies
Black Pepper
Turmeric
Cardamom
Jeera
Coriander
Animal Feed
Feed Ingredients
Others
Castor Seed
You are here:
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Indian Agribusiness Systems Pvt Ltd has been started by professionals from the agribusiness sector and we stand committed to providing our customers with products and services that provide outstanding quality, customer service and value.
This policy may change from time to time in order to address new issues and reflect changes on our site so please check back periodically. By using this service after we post changes, you indicate your acceptance to those changes.
Children Under 13:
Children under 13 years old are not allowed to register.
Parents:
We will not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. We do not market via our website or by direct marketing to children under 13 years of age.
Use of the Information Collected:
In order to use certain features on our site, we will ask you to register. When you register, we collect personally identifiable information about you: your name,, Organisation name , mailing address, e-mail address, user name and password, your phone number (your bank name and address if you are using our auction services), you may have provided to us. We use this information to help us to make our sites more useful to you.
How Your Information Will Be Used: We will not disclose your e-mail address to any third party for their use, except to complete bid/offer transactions as part of our auction services. Indian Agribusiness Systems Pvt Ltd. may provide personal information to the extent necessary to comply with applicable laws, police investigations, or in legal proceedings where such information is relevant.We reserve the right to use the matter submitted in all our publications as well as to redistribute it to other publications that are composed/managed by Agriwatch
Third Parties:
We may share your personal information, with the exclusion of your e-mail address, with other companies that want to send marketing information to our customers. If we find that they offer products that we feel may be of interest to you we will allow it. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please send your name and complete address to Indian Agribusiness Systems Pvt Ltd., H 146-147, Ground Floor, Sector 63, Noida - 201 301, India.
Aggregated Information:
From time to time, we may disclose aggregated information about our site to third parties, such as advertisers or business partners which would not contain any personal identifiable information..
Security and Passwords:
The personally identifiable information we collect is stored within our controlled database . As effective as our security measures may be, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed complete security. When you register on our site, you will select a password. You will need your password to gain access to your personal information.
Policy Statement Changes:
We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy from time to time without prior notice.
Legal
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Copyright © 2016. All Rights Reserved.
Indian Agribusiness Systems Limited.
Venture incubated by www.indigramgroup.com
Company Information
About Agriwatch
Careers
Clients
Contact
FAQ
Services
Customized Research
Consulting Services
Market Intelligence
Research
Spot Market Prices
Research Reports
News & Commentaries
Technical Analysis
Legal
Terms of Use
Refund & Cancellation Policy
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer