http://www.sndcoffee.com/privacy-policy/
COVID-19
Products
Market Solutions
Sustainability
Knowledge Center
Shop
Contact Us
Site Menu
COVID-19
Products
Market Solutions
Sustainability
Knowledge Center
Shop
Contact Us
S. & D. Coffee, Inc. Privacy Policy
This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") applies solely to information collected through the web sites, web pages, interactive features, applications, widgets, blogs, Twitter, Facebook or other social networking Company sites, and their respective contents, whether accessed via computer, mobile device or other technology ("Sites"). The Sites are offered by S. & D. Coffee, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (collectively, "the Company," or "we", "us", "our"). Some of our other sites and/or programs may have their own, possibly different, policies that are posted on their own sites. We encourage you to review those policies when using those sites.
This Privacy Policy explains what information may be collected through the Sites, how such information may be used and/or shared with others, how we safeguard it and how you may access and control its use in connection with our marketing communications and activities. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully, because by using the Sites you are acknowledging that you understand and agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. In addition, please review our Terms of Use, which governs your use of the Sites and any content you submit to the Sites.
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT ON OUR SITE.
Information You Provide To Us. The Sites may ask you to provide information that could reasonably be used to contact you or to identify you personally (such as your name, e-mail address, telephone number, mobile phone number, or home address ("Personal Information")). For example, we may collect Personal Information when you register on the Sites, request information, submit comments or feedback or participate in some promotion, survey or other feature of the Sites, or otherwise communicate or interact with us. The Sites may also ask you to provide other information about yourself, such as demographic information (gender, zip code, age, etc.) or certain information about your preferences and interests. If you do not want your personal information collected, please do not submit it.
Information We Collect Automatically. Whenever you visit or interact with the Sites, we, as well as any third-party advertisers and/or service providers, may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect information about how the Sites are accessed and used ("Usage Information"). Usage Information may include, in part, browser type, operating system, the page served, the time, and the preceding page views. This statistical data is helpful in providing information about the use of this Site, such as how many visitors visit a specific page on this Site, how long they stay on that page, and which hyperlinks, if any, they "click" on. Usage Information is generally non-identifying.
We may automatically collect your IP address or other unique identifier ("Device Identifier") for the computer, mobile device, technology or other device (collectively, "Device") you use to access the Sites. A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device when you access a web site or its servers, and our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier.
The technologies that may be used on the Sites to collect Usage Information, including Device Identifiers, include:
Cookies. Cookies are data files placed on a Device when it is used to visit the Sites. We, or our third- party advertising service providers, may place cookies or similar files on your Device for security purposes, to facilitate site navigation and to personalize your experience while visiting the Sites. You always have the option of disabling cookies using your browser preferences. However, please be aware that some features of this Site may not function properly or may be slower if you disable cookies.
Web Beacons. Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons, may be included in the Sites and e-mail messages. Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to the Sites, to monitor how users navigate the Sites, to count how many e-mails that were sent were actually opened or to determine whether content sent was actually viewed.
2. HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION COLLECTED THROUGH THE SITES.
Any information you submit on the Sites will be used for a variety of business purposes, including for example, to: respond to your questions and requests; provide you with access to certain areas and features of the Sites; verify your identity; communicate with you about your activities on the Sites; tailor content, advertisements, and offers we serve you; improve the Sites and for internal business purposes; contact you with regard to your use of the Sites, your account, and, in our discretion, changes to our policies; and for purposes disclosed at the time you provide your Personal Information or otherwise with your consent.
3. SHARING OF INFORMATION.
Except as provided in this Privacy Policy, we will not provide any of your Personal Information to any third parties without your specific consent. We may share non-Personal Information, such as aggregate user statistics, demographic information, and Usage Information with third parties. We may also share your information as disclosed at the time you provide your information, as set forth in this Privacy Policy and in the following circumstances:
Third Parties Providing Services On Our Behalf and Affiliates. In order to carry out your requests, to make various features, services and materials available to you through this Site, and to respond to your inquiries, we may share your Personal Information with third parties that perform functions on our behalf (or on behalf of our partners), such as companies or individuals that: host or operate our Sites; analyze data; provide customer service; advertisers; sponsors or other third parties that participate in or administer our promotions or provide marketing or promotional assistance. Your personally identifiable information may also be used by us or shared with our subsidiaries, affiliates, sponsors, partners, advertisers or other affiliated parties to provide you with product information and promotional and other offers.
Business Transfers. We may share your Personal Information with other entities affiliated with us for internal reasons, primarily for business and operational purposes. As we continue to develop our business, we may sell or purchase assets. If another entity acquires us or all or substantially all of our assets, or assets related to this Site, Personal Information, Usage Information, and any other information that we have collected about the users of one or more of the Sites may be disclosed to such entity as part of the due diligence process and will be transferred to such entity as one of the transferred assets. Also, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, all such information may be considered an asset of ours and as such may be sold or transferred to third parties.
Legal Disclosure. We may transfer and disclose information, including your Personal Information, Usage Information and Device Identifier, (including IP address), to third parties to comply with a legal obligation; when we believe in good faith that the law requires it; at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation; to verify or enforce our Terms of Use or other applicable policies; to respond to an emergency; or otherwise to protect the rights, property, safety, or security of third parties, visitors to the Sites or the public.
4. INFORMATION WE RECEIVE FROM THIRD PARTIES.
We may receive information about you from third parties. For example, if you are on another web site and you opt-in to receive information from us, that web site will forward to us your e-mail address and other information so that we may contact you. You may also choose to participate in a third party application or feature (such as Facebook or Twitter applications or a similar application or feature on a third party web site) through which you allow us to collect (or the third party to share) information about you, including Personal Information. In addition, we may receive information about you if other users of a third party web site give us access to their profiles and you are one of their "connections" or information about you is otherwise accessible through your "connections’" web page, profile page, or similar page on a social networking or other third party web site or interactive service. We may combine the information we receive from these third parties with information we collect through the Sites. In those cases, we will apply this Privacy Policy to any Personal Information received, unless we have disclosed otherwise.
5. YOUR CHOICE AND ACCESS.
You may always direct us not to share your Personal Information with third parties, not to use your Personal Information to provide you with information or offers, or not to send you newsletters, e-mails or other communications by: (i) sending us an e-mail at our Contact address provided below; (ii) contacting us by mail at our Contact address provided below; or (iii) following the removal instructions in the communication that you receive. Your opt-out request will be processed promptly after we receive it.
In accordance with our routine record keeping, we may delete certain records that contain Personal Information you have submitted through the Sites. We are under no obligation to store such Personal Information indefinitely and disclaim any liability arising out of, or related to, the destruction of such Personal Information. In addition, you should be aware that it is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information from our databases without some residual data because of backups and other reasons.
6. CHILDREN.
The Sites are not directed at children and we request that children do not provide Personal Information through the Sites. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of thirteen on the site.
7. SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION.
We use certain reasonable security measures to help protect your Personal Information. However, no electronic data transmission or storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please note that we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you use the Sites and provide us with your information at your own risk.
8. OTHER SITES.
The Sites may contain links to other sites that we do not own or operate. We do not control, recommend or endorse and are not responsible for these sites or their content, products, services or privacy policies or practices. These other sites may send their own cookies to your Device, they may independently collect data or solicit Personal Information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. You should also independently assess the authenticity of any site which appears or claims that it is one of our sites.
9. CHANGES.
Please note, we may change information on the Sites and/or this Privacy Policy, at any time without prior notice to you. Changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the Sites.
10. CONTACT US.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
S. & D. Coffee, Inc.
Through this website by clicking here;
Emailing our Customer Care team at customercare@sndcoffee.com;
Calling our Customer Care team at (800) 933-2210; or
Writing to us at S. & D. Coffee, Inc., 300 Concord Parkway South, Concord, NC 28027.
Products
Market Solutions
Sustainability
Knowledge Center
Coffee Education
Ask the Experts
About Us
Careers
Contact Us
Shop
© 2020 S&D Coffee. All rights reserved
300 Concord Parkway South
Concord, NC 28027
Phone: (800) 933-2210
Fax: (800) 950-4378
Privacy Policy