https://www.buyemp.com/privacy-statement.html
EMP Rewards
My EMP Rewards
Earn points on every online order. Redeem for product credit.
View Program Details
Sign In to See My Rewards
Earn points on every online order. Redeem for product credit.
View Program Details
Sign In to See My Rewards
YOU’RE IN!
Thanks for joining the EMP Rewards program. Start earning points today!
See program details
Home
Privacy Statement
Your Partner in EMS
Privacy Statement
Effective Date: 9/9/19
Introduction
Emergency Medical Products (EMP) is owned and operated by Sarnova. This privacy notice is specific to EMP. EMP
(“EMP,” “we,” “us,” “our”) is committed to respecting the privacy of our users and to protecting the information
you provide to us. This online privacy notice applies to information about you obtained through www.buyemp.com (the “Website”).
This notice describes how we may collect, use, and disclose such information; the choices available to you
regarding our use of your information; how we safeguard the information we collect; and how to contact us with
any questions regarding our privacy practices. By accessing or otherwise using any of the Website, you agree to
the collection, use, disclosure practices and other activities as described in this policy.
If you are visiting the Website from the European Union or European Economic Area, you may review your rights and
our privacy practices here.
Information We Collect
Information You Provide to EMP
In order to provide you with particular services, we may ask you to provide certain information to us.
Personal information that you submit through our Website may include contact information, such as your
name, email address, postal address, phone number, job title, and employer. We may also collect account
and login information, such as your username, password, security questions, and basic details about your
account. Some forms on the Website may require you to provide certain information in order to submit the
form. You may elect to not provide this information but doing so may prevent you from using or accessing
those features.
In order to access some of our services or purchase our products, you may also be required to provide us
with payment information, including credit card number, billing address, shipping address, and other
information necessary to complete a purchase. EMP takes great care to protect this information and does
not store payment card information after it has been processed for order fulfillment purposes.
We collect the aforementioned personal information from you so that we can serve you better, and so that
we can provide you with customized services. For example, we may ask you to provide certain personal
information when you wish to purchase a product, when you request a repair service, or when you
subscribe to one of our newsletters. Should you choose to enroll in our voluntary rewards program, we
will use your basic contact information to track your purchases and accumulate points to your account.
We also use the information you provide us to initiate returns, issue product safety notices, and
communicate with you.
You may also provide us with information when you send us messages or inquiries, or when you apply for a
job with us. Please note that any personal information provided to EMP in a message format (e.g. through
a “Contact Us” form) will be used only for the purpose of responding to your message.
Information Automatically Collected
EMP may also automatically collect certain information about you when you access or use the Website
(“Usage Information”). Usage Information may include your device identifier, IP address, browser type,
location (country only), operating system, and other information regarding your use of the Website.
We may obtain this Usage Information through the following means:
Log information. Log information is data about your use of the Website, such as IP address,
browser type, Internet service provider, operating system, date/time stamps, and related data. Log
information may be stored in log files.
Information collected by cookies and other tracking technologies. Cookies, web beacons or
“tracking pixels,” embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies (country only), device
recognition solutions, and other tracking technologies (“Tracking Technologies”) may be used to
collect information about your interactions with the Website. Brief descriptions of these Tracking
Technologies are provided below.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that may be stored on your computer, smart phone, or tablet when you access
the Website. This information can be read by the Website when you return to them. EMP uses cookies to
speed up your future visits by storing preferences and login information you provide, and to support a
better experience through tailored content. In addition, cookies provide statistical and other
information to EMP about how the Website is used in order for EMP to monitor access and use of the
sites, assess the effectiveness of particular content, and suggest areas for improvement.
While these cookies alone do not allow us to personally identify visitors to the Website, information
collected by cookies may be used to streamline communications with our clients and customers by
facilitating targeted content, such as suggested products, consistent with users’ presumed preferences
and this privacy notice.
Cookies may remain on your hard drive for an extended period of time. The Website may associate some or
all of these cookies with your device(s). If you use your browser’s method of blocking or removing
cookies, some but not all types of cookies may be deleted and/or blocked and as a result, some features
of the Website may not be available. For more information about cookies, visit: http://www.aboutcookies.org/. Click here to review our Cookie Policy.
Web Beacons (“Tracking Pixels”)
Web beacons are small graphic images, also known as “internet tags” or “clear gifs,” embedded in web
pages. Web beacons may be used, without limitation, to count the number of visitors to the Website, to
monitor how users navigate the Website, and to count content views.
Embedded Scripts
An embedded script is programming code designed to collect information about your interactions with the
Website. It is temporarily downloaded onto your computer from our web server, or from a third party with
which we work, and is active only while you are connected to the Website. It is deleted or deactivated
once you are no longer connected.
Device Recognition Technologies
Technologies, including application of statistical probability to data sets, as well as linking a common
unique identifier to different device use (e.g., Facebook ID), which attempt to recognize or make
assumptions about users and devices (e.g., that a user of multiple devices is the same user or
household).
Location-Identifying Technologies
GPS (global positioning systems) software, geo-filtering and other location-aware technologies locate
(sometimes precisely) you for purposes such as verifying your location and delivering or restricting
content based on your location. Our content may be personalized based on various information we may have
about you to try to provide you with more location-relevant content.
Some information regarding your use of the Website and certain third-party services may be collected by
Tracking Technologies across time and across our different services. EMP and third parties may use this
information to assist you with account log-ins, to track and accumulate your loyalty points, and to
offer you products we think may interest you.
Apart from collecting Usage Information, we do not automatically collect information from users who are
visiting public areas of the Website and who do not affirmatively provide us with more information. This
Usage Information is used exclusively for internal purposes, such as analysis of clickstream data and
website optimization.
Information Obtained from Third Parties
In limited circumstances, we may obtain information about you from service providers, business partners,
or other third parties. For example, we may obtain job applicant data from LinkedIn, Glassdoor, and
other career platforms where we have posted listings.
How We Share Your Information
Third Party Providers
EMP may share information about you (including, without limitation, personal information we collect) for
any purposes not inconsistent with this privacy policy or our statements at the point of collection, and
not prohibited by applicable law. In general, we use your information to provide you access to the
Website and its services, to optimize and improve the Website, to tailor features to your preferences,
to communicate with you, and to offer you information, opportunities, promotions, and increased
functionality. In order to do these things, we may disclose your personal information to third parties
that we use to provide some of the services on or through the Website. For example, we may use third
parties to help us analyze site visitor and associated Usage Information, to facilitate customer
service, to conduct promotional email campaigns, conduct customer surveys for internal use, and to help
us optimize the Website. We may also share payment card and other necessary information with an outside
payment processor.
Service providers are not permitted to use personal information received from us, except as necessary to
provide the relevant services to EMP. We do not share personal information with third parties to use for
their own purposes (e.g. marketing).
Other Necessary Circumstances
We may also disclose your personal information if we believe, in our sole discretion, that such
disclosure is necessary and/or appropriate in the following circumstances:
To comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or court orders served on us;
To respond to requests from government agencies, including law enforcement authorities;
In connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity
that is or may be illegal, or which may expose us, our service or content providers, or you to
possible legal liability;
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements, applicable terms, or policies;
or
To protect the rights, property, life, health, security, or safety of EMP, the Website, users of the
Website, or any third party.
In the event we sell or transfer a portion of our business assets (e.g. in the course of a merger,
reorganization, liquidation, or any other business transaction, including negotiations of such
transactions), we reserve the right to disclose any information we obtain through the Website. You
acknowledge that such transfers may occur and are permitted by and subject to this privacy policy.
Links to Third-Party Sites
EMP’s Website may contain links to other websites, including those of third-party organizations which are
separate from EMP. EMP is not responsible for the content, privacy practices, or data collection
practices of those sites. We encourage you to read the applicable terms and privacy policies before
using those linked sites.
Social Features
Certain features of the Website permit you to initiate interactions between the Website and third-party
services, such as social networks (“Social Features”). Social Features include features that allow you
to click to and access our Facebook page, and from there, to “like” or “share” our content located on
the Facebook platform. We may also have features that otherwise connect the Website to a third-party
service (e.g., to push or pull information to or from the Website). If you use Social Features, and
potentially other third-party services, information you post or otherwise provide access to may be
publicly displayed by the third-party service you use. Both EMP and the third party may have access to
certain information about you and your use of the Website and the third-party service.
Please note that EMP does not control who will have access to the information that you choose to make
available to others on our third-party pages and cannot ensure that parties who have access to such
information will respect your privacy or keep it secure. We are not responsible for the protection,
accuracy, use or misuse of any information that you disclose to or receive from third parties through
our third-party pages.
Advertising and Analytics
We may serve advertisements on the Website and/or on third-party services, which may be targeted based
upon cookie data or other information we have obtained about you through means described herein.
We may use Google Analytics, Informz web tracking, HotJar, or similar tools to help us analyze and assess
user interaction with the Website. These analytics services may use cookies and other Tracking
Technologies to gather information about you and other users. Information collected or generated by
these services (e.g., your IP address and other Usage Information) may be transmitted to and stored by
these service providers, who may in turn use this information for purposes such as evaluating your use
of the Website, compiling statistical reports on the Website’s activity, and providing other services
relating to Website activity and other Internet usage.
Your Choices
Email Communications
Should you choose not to receive promotional emails from EMP or any of its affiliate entities listed
above, you may opt out of receiving additional promotional email communications from us by following the
unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails. You may also contact us directly at privacy@buyemp.com.
Please note that even if you opt out of receiving promotional communications from us, we may continue to
send you non-promotional emails, such as those related to your orders or product inquiries.
Tracking Technologies
Regular cookies may generally be disabled or removed using tools available as part of most commercial
browsers, and in some instances may be blocked in the future by configuring certain browser settings.
Browsers offer different functionalities and options, so these may need to be set separately. Tools from
commercial browsers may also not be effective with regard to Flash cookies (also known as locally shared
objects), HTML5 cookies, or other Tracking Technologies. For information on disabling Flash cookies,
please visit here. Please be aware that if you disable or remove these technologies, some
aspects of the
Website’s functionality may be limited.
Your browser settings may also allow you to transmit a “Do Not Track” signal when you visit various websites. Like many websites, this Website is not configured to respond to “Do Not Track” signals received from browsers. To learn more about “Do Not Track” signals, please click here.
Analytics and Interest-Based Advertising
You may exercise certain choices regarding the use of Google Analytics cookies by visiting this page, or
downloading the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
Security
EMP takes reasonable measures to protect your information from loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access,
disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Our secure server uses advanced encryption and firewall technology to
keep your personal information private. Our secure server layer (SSL) software completely encrypts the
information you input so that it cannot be read as it travels to our ordering system. We have extremely strong
security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of your information while it is in
our control. However, EMP cannot guarantee “perfect security” and cannot ensure or warrant the security of any
information you transmit to us or others through the Website. Such information is transmitted at your own risk.
Children’s Privacy Rights
The Website is not intended for, nor targeted to, children under 13. We do not knowingly or intentionally collect
information from children under 13. If we learn that we have received information directly from a child who is
under the age of 13, we will delete the information in accordance with applicable law.
California Privacy Rights
We do not share personal information as defined by California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (“Shine The Light Law”)
with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
International Users
If you are visiting the Website from outside the United States, please be aware that EMP is based in the U.S. and
the information we collect will be transferred to, processed, and stored on our servers in the United States.
The data protection laws and regulations applicable to your personal data transferred to the United States may
be different from the laws in your country of residence.
Amendments
EMP reserves the right to change this privacy notice at any time. The revised notice will be effective at the
time of posting to the Website.
Questions and Concerns
If you have questions regarding this policy, or if you believe that EMP has handled your personal information in
a manner that does not comply with this policy, please notify us by email at privacy@buyemp.com or by mail at:
Emergency Medical Products
5000 Tuttle Crossing Blvd.
Dublin, OH 43016
Follow Us on Facebook
Follow Us on LinkedIn
About EMP: Since 1972, Emergency
Medical Products, Inc. has been a trusted distributor of EMS supplies,
first
aid products, and other pre-hospital and emergency medical supplies and equipment.
Trustpilot
Contact Us:
800.558.6270
service@buyemp.com
5000 Tuttle Crossing Blvd. Dublin, OH 43016
Terms & Conditions
Privacy
Code of Conduct