http://www.allianzlife.com/legal-and-privacy
You are here:
Home
/
Legal & Privacy
Legal and privacy
Privacy policy
Terms of use
Business continuity
HIPAA Privacy Notice
Insurance Producers
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice for California Residents
Codes of Conduct
Antitrust Code
Online Privacy Policy
At Allianz Life Insurance Company of North America (“Allianz,” “we,” “our”), protecting your privacy is very important to us. This Online Privacy Policy applies to all of the companies within the Allianz family listed below. Our policy is to treat the personal information you furnish us with the utmost respect and in accordance with applicable privacy laws and regulations. Please read on for details about our practices for handling and securing your personal information.
This Online Privacy Policy is currently applicable only to our United States customers and visitors when they interact with our website.
Anonymous browsing
When you visit our website, we use tracking technology such as cookies and Web beacons/tags to automatically record details about your visit. Cookies are small pieces of data stored by your Internet browser on your computer's hard drive. A cookie, by itself, does not tell us your email address or who you are. It cannot be used to collect data from your hard drive or personal information about you. We use cookies to collect information such as your IP address, the name of the browser you use to access the Internet (such as aol.com), the website you came from, the website you visit next, and the Allianz website pages that you actually visit, including the date and the duration of your visit. Similar to cookies, Web beacons/ tags are services embedded into Allianz website content that return completely anonymous data to us about our website’s usage and visitor behavior.
Information obtained through cookies and Web beacons/tags may be transmitted either directly to us or to a third-party service provider (such as network advertisers) authorized to collect information on our behalf. This information is used to measure the number of visits, average time spent, page views, and other statistics about visitors to our website in general and may be used to provide tailored offerings or content to you, including Allianz advertisements when you visit other websites.
You may set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or to prevent cookies from being sent. You can learn more about adjusting your cookie preferences under the Help option in your browser. Please note, however, that by not accepting cookies, you will limit the functionality we can provide you when you make subsequent visits to our site.
Personal information collection
If you decide to register online with us, your browsing will no longer be anonymous to us. We use cookies to recognize you on subsequent visits and make your online experience more convenient. We may also ask you for information about yourself to assist us in meeting your various needs, including:
Providing you with the Allianz products or services you have requested
Servicing your account
Improving our services
Informing you of additional Allianz Life® products or services that may be of interest to you
To provide these products and services, we may need to ask you directly to provide, among other things, your name, Social Security number, physical address, ZIP code, telephone number, mobile phone number, and email address.
Please note that we do not knowingly solicit information from children and we do not knowingly market our products or services to children.
Sharing information and consumer choice
Any personal information you share with us through our website, may be shared with our affiliates, financial professionals, and third parties as outlined in our Privacy Notice. As provided above, we may also collect and summarize statistics that we gather about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and services and provide these statistics to third parties; however, when we do, these statistics will not include any personal information that identifies individuals.
Securing and protecting your information
We protect your information using safeguards that comply with applicable federal and state law. This includes measures that are administrative, physical, and technical in nature. We use commercially reasonable measures to secure our websites and protect the information that may be shared over these sites.
We instruct our employees with access to your information that it is to be used only in accordance with the principles set forth in this Online Privacy Policy and the privacy laws and regulations applicable to each of our specific business units. Employees who misuse customer information are subject to disciplinary action up to and including termination of employment.
To contact us or correct your information
If you wish to access, remove, or correct any personally identifying data you have supplied to us, or if you have any questions about this Online Privacy Policy, you may reach us by mail, phone, or email by clicking on the "Contact Us" link at the top of this page.
If you believe that an error has been made in the accuracy of the data collected from you, we will correct such error upon adequate verification of the error and the identity of the person seeking the correction. Please understand that in order to protect your privacy and security, we may also need to take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Changes to our Online Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify or supplement this Online Privacy Policy at any time. If we make any material change to our practices, we will update this Online Privacy Policy to include such changes. The effective date of this Online Privacy Policy is set forth below.
Allianz family of companies
Allianz Life Insurance Company of North America
Allianz Life Financial Services, LLC
Effective Date: August 25, 2020
Terms of use
Welcome to the Allianz Life consumer website. Allianz Life Insurance Company of North America (Allianz Life®), and its affiliates and related companies (collectively "the Company"), operate this website (the "website") to provide financial information, related features, and services (the "Service"). The terms and conditions set forth herein (the "Terms of Use") constitute a legally binding agreement between the Company and you regarding the terms on which the Company offers you access to Service.
Please take a few minutes to review the Terms of Use. By accessing and using this website, you agree to be bound by each of the Terms of Use and all applicable laws and regulations governing the website. If you do not agree with any of the Terms of Use, you are not authorized to access or use this website for any purpose.
1. Contents not intended for distribution or use where prohibited
The information provided on this website is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject the Company or its affiliates to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country. Neither the information, nor any opinion contained in this website constitutes a solicitation or offer by the Company or its affiliates to buy or sell any securities, futures, options, or other financial instruments or provide any investment advice or service.
2. These terms of use may change without prior notice
The Company reserves the right to modify these Terms of Use at any time without giving you prior notice. Your use of the website following any such modification constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the Terms of Use as modified. For this reason, we encourage you to review these Terms of Use whenever you use this website. The last date these Terms of Use were revised is set forth below.
3. Notices of restrictions on your use
The Service, the website, and all data and information and/or content that you see, hear, or otherwise experience on the website (the "Content") belongs to the Company, its partners, affiliates, contributors, or third parties and may be protected by U.S. and international copyright, trademark, intellectual property and other laws. Content provided by third-parties is used on the website with the permission of such third parties.
You may download, print, and store selected portions of the Content, provided that you (1) do not copy or post the Content on any network computer or transmit, distribute, publish or broadcast the Content in any media, including without limitation, a website; and (2) do not modify or alter the Content in any way, or delete or change any copyright or trademark notice. No right, title, or interest in any copied or downloaded Content is transferred to you as a result of any such copying or downloading. The Company reserves complete title and full intellectual property rights in any Content you copy or download from this website.
You agree not to alter, modify, reformat, copy, download, reproduce, duplicate, display, distribute, repost, transmit, publish, license, sell, rent, transfer, or create derivative works from any Content obtained from the website or the Service, except as expressly permitted by these Terms of Use. Moreover, you may not use any of the marks appearing throughout this website without express written consent from the trademark owner, except as permitted by applicable law.
4. Disclaimer of warranties
THE INFORMATION ON THIS WEBSITE IS PROVIDED "AS IS." YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE TO ASSUME TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE AND THE SERVICE. THE COMPANY MAKES NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS, OR ENDORSEMENTS WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO THE WEBSITE OR THE SERVICE. THE COMPANY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NONINFRINGEMENT, WITH REGARD TO THE WEBSITE, THE SERVICE, OR ANY INFORMATION OR CONTENT CONTAINED THEREIN (INCLUDING THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION).
THE COMPANY SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE ARISING EITHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM ANY USE OF THE WEBSITE, THE SERVICE OR ANY INFORMATION OR CONTENT CONTAINED THEREIN (INCLUDING THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION). IT IS SOLELY YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO EVALUATE THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS AND USEFULNESS OF ALL INFORMATION OR CONTENT PROVIDED BY THE WEBSITE OR THE SERVICE.
THE COMPANY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS PERFORMED BY THE WEBSITE OR THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE WEBSITE OR THE SERVICE WILL BE CORRECTED. THE COMPANY DOES NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE INFORMATION OR CONTENT PROVIDED BY THE WEBSITE OR THE SERVICE, OR THAT ANY ERRORS IN THE INFORMATION OR CONTENT WILL BE CORRECTED. THE WEBSITE, THE SERVICE, AND THE INFORMATION OR CONTENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS.
5. Limitation of liability
IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH THE WEBSITE OR ANY CONTENT ON THE WEBSITE, OR WITH THE TERMS OF USE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE WEBSITE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, BY YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE, THAT YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE COMPANY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, (I) ANY DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF DATA, PROGRAMS, OR INFORMATION, AND THE LIKE) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE WEBSITE, THE SERVICE, OR THE INFORMATION OR CONTENT PROVIDED THEREIN, (II) ANY CLAIM ATTRIBUTABLE TO ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR OTHER INACCURACIES IN THE WEBSITE, THE SERVICE, AND/OR INFORMATION OR CONTENT CONTAINED THEREIN OR DOWNLOADED THROUGH THE WEBSITE, (III) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA, (IV) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE WEBSITE OR THE SERVICE, OR (V) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE WEBSITE OR THE SERVICE, EVEN IF THE COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN SUCH STATES, THE COMPANY'S LIABILITY IS LIMITED AND WARRANTIES ARE EXCLUDED TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
6. Personal information and Online Privacy Policy
For information about how the Company collects and uses your personal information, click here for the Company's Online Privacy Policy.
7. User conduct
You agree not to take any action that interferes with the proper working of the website; imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the website's infrastructure; might compromise the security of the website; render the website or the Service inaccessible to others; or otherwise cause damage to the website or any Content contained on the website. You agree not to add to, subtract from, or otherwise modify the Content on the website except as expressly authorized by the Company in these Terms of Use or by a written agreement between you and the Company.
8. General provisions
a. Entire agreement These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersede all previous written or oral agreements between the parties with respect to such subject matter. No waiver by the Company of any breach or default hereunder shall be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default.
b. Correction of errors and inaccuracies The information in the website may contain typographical errors or other errors or inaccuracies and may not be complete or current. We therefore reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice. We do not, however, guarantee that any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions will be corrected.
c. No endorsements of links Hypertext links to third-party websites or information do not constitute or imply an endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation by the Company of the third party, the third-party website, or the information contained therein. You acknowledge and agree that the Company is not responsible for the availability of any such websites and that the Company does not endorse or warrant, and is not responsible or liable for any such website or the content therein. Any links to other sites are provided for convenience only. You need to make your own decisions regarding your interactions or communications with any other website.
d. Enforcement If any part of these Terms of Use is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, it will not impact any other provision of these Terms of Use, all of which will remain in full force and effect. These Terms of Use are governed by, and will be interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of Minnesota, without regard to any conflict of laws provisions. Although you acknowledge that we will have the ability to enforce our rights in any court of competent jurisdiction, you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in Hennepin County and Ramsey County, Minnesota, U.S.A., regarding any and all disputes relating to these Terms of Use, the Company's Privacy Statement, your use of the website, any other web site, the Service, or Content or Material contained therein.
e. General contact information If you have any questions about these Terms of Use, the practices of this website, or your dealings with this website, you may contact us by:
Sending us an email request: Contact Us
Sending a letter via the U.S. mail to:
Allianz Life Insurance Company of North America
5701 Golden Hills Drive
Minneapolis, MN 55416-1297
Last revised: September 19, 2017
Business continuity
At Allianz Life, we maintain important disaster recovery and business continuity plans that may be used in the event of a significant business disruption. We realize the critical nature of being able to continue material operations if an incident occurs that could affect important business units and systems. These plans are key components in maintaining emergency procedures, and are required by securities industry regulations.
Our business continuity plans provide for continuity of critical operations and other activities during a variety of disruptions. They include conducting operations from alternate sites in different locations, if necessary.
To maintain effective and secure plans, we keep them confidential and so do not provide specific details in this notice. In addition, we are committed to maintaining effective communications with you during a business disruption. Our business continuity plans are reviewed to ensure appropriate enhancements are implemented as technology improves, business plans evolve, or regulatory requirements change.
HIPAA Privacy Notice
This notice describes how medical information about you may be used and disclosed and how you can get access to this information. Please review it carefully.
Allianz Life Insurance Company of North America (“Allianz”) is committed to maintaining the confidentiality of your private medical information. This notice is provided to you in accordance with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, and accompanying regulations (the “Privacy Rule”). It describes the legal obligations for a closed line of insurance products underwritten by Allianz and administered by a third party. (The closed line of products is referred to collectively in this notice as “we,” “our,” “us,” or the “Covered Entity.”) The Privacy Rule requires that we use and disclose your health information only as described in this notice. This notice only applies to health-related information received by or on behalf of the Covered Entity programs listed below.
This notice applies to individuals who participate in any of the following programs under the closed line of business:
Long term care
Medical
Medicare supplemental
Hospital income
Cancer and disease-specific coverage
Dental benefits
The Covered Entity’s actions and obligations are undertaken by Allianz employees as well as the third parties who perform services for the Covered Entity. However, Allianz employees perform only limited Covered Entity functions – most Covered Entity administrative functions are performed by third-party service providers.
Protected Information
Federal law requires us to have a special policy for safeguarding certain medical information called “protected health information.” Protected Health Information (PHI) is health information (including genetic information) received or created in the course of administering the Covered Entity, that can be used to identify you and that relates to:
your physical or mental health condition,
the provision of health care to you, or
payment for your health care.
Your medical and dental records, your claims for medical and dental benefits, and the explanation of benefits (EOB) sent in connection with payment of your claims are all examples of PHI.
If Allianz obtains your health information in another way, then Allianz will safeguard that information in accordance with other applicable laws, but such information is not considered PHI subject to this notice. Similarly, health information obtained by a non-health-related benefits program is not protected under this notice. This notice does not apply in those situations because the health information is not received or created in connection with the Covered Entity.
The remainder of this notice generally describes our rules with respect to your PHI received or created by the Covered Entity.
Your Rights
When it comes to your PHI, you have certain rights. This section explains your rights and some of our responsibilities to help you.
Get a copy of health and claims records
You can ask to see or obtain a copy of your health and claims records and other PHI we have about you. Ask us how to do this.
We will provide a copy or a summary of your health and claims records, usually within 30 days of your request. We may charge a reasonable, cost-based fee.
Ask us to correct health and claims records
You can ask us to correct your health and claims records if you think they are incorrect or incomplete. Ask us how to do this.
We may say “no” to your request, but we’ll tell you why in writing within 60 days.
Request confidential communications
You can ask us to contact you in a specific way (for example, home or office phone) or to send mail to a different address.
We will consider all reasonable requests, and must say “yes” if you tell us you would be in danger if we do not.
Ask us to limit what we use or share
You can ask us not to use or share certain PHI for treatment, payment, or our operations.
We are not required to agree to your request, and we may say “no” if it would affect your care.
Get a list of those with whom we have shared PHI
You can ask for a list of the times we’ve shared your PHI for six years prior to the date you ask, who we shared it with, and why.
We will include all the disclosures except for those about treatment, payment, and health care operations, and certain other disclosures (such as any you asked us to make). We’ll provide one report of this information each year for free but will charge a reasonable, cost-based fee if you ask for another one within 12 months.
Get a copy of this privacy notice
You can ask for a paper copy of this notice at any time, even if you have agreed to receive the notice electronically. We will provide you with a paper copy promptly.
Choose someone to act for you
If you have given someone medical or general power of attorney or if someone is your legal guardian, that person can exercise your rights and make choices about your PHI.
We will make sure the person has this authority and can act for you before we take any action.
File a complaint if you feel your rights are violated
You can complain if you feel we have violated your rights by contacting us using the information on page 1.
You can file a complaint with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office for Civil Rights by sending a letter to 200 Independence Avenue, S.W., Washington, D.C. 20201, calling 1.877.696.6775, or visiting www.hhs.gov/ocr/privacy/hipaa/complaints/.
We will not retaliate against you for filing a complaint.
Your Choices
For certain PHI, you can tell us your choices about what we share. If you have a clear preference for how we share your PHI in the situations described below, talk to us. Tell us what you want us to do, and we will follow your instructions.
In these cases, you have both the right and choice to tell us to:
Share PHI with your family, close friends, or others involved in payment for your care.
Share PHI in a disaster relief situation.
If you are not able to tell us your preference, for example if you are unconscious, we may go ahead and share your PHI if we believe it is in your best interest. We may also share your PHI when needed to lessen a serious and imminent threat to health or safety.
In these cases we never share your PHI unless you give us written permission:
Marketing purposes
Sale of your PHI
Our Uses and Disclosures
We typically use or share your PHI in the following ways.
Help manage the health care treatment you receive
We may use your PHI and share it with professionals who are treating you.
Example: We might disclose PHI about your prior prescriptions to a pharmacist to determine if prior prescriptions contraindicate a pending prescription.
Operate the Covered Entity
We may use and disclose your PHI for Covered Entity operations. These uses and disclosures are necessary to run the Covered Entity.
We may use medical information in connection with conducting quality assessment and improvement activities; enrollment, premium rating, and other activities relating to Covered Entity coverage; submitting claims for stop-loss (or excess-loss) coverage; conducting or arranging for medical review, legal services, audit services, and fraud & abuse detection programs; business planning and development such as cost management; and business management and general Covered Entity administrative activities.
In no event will we use or disclose PHI that is genetic information for underwriting purposes. In addition to rating and pricing a group insurance policy, this means the Covered Entity may not use genetic information for setting deductibles or other cost-sharing mechanisms, determining premiums or other contribution amounts, or applying preexisting condition exclusions.
Example: We may disclose your PHI to another health plan or health care provider who has a relationship with you for their operations activities if the disclosure is for quality assessment and improvement activities, to review the qualifications of health care professionals who provide care to you, or for fraud and abuse detection and prevention purposes.
Pay for your health services
We may use and disclose your PHI as we pay for your health services.
Example: We share information about you with your plan to coordinate payment for your dental work.
Administer your plan
We may disclose your PHI to Allianz, as the Covered Entity sponsor, for plan administration.
Example: Your company contracts with us to provide a plan, and we provide your company with certain statistics to explain the premiums we charge.
Other ways we may use or share your PHI
We are allowed or required to share your PHI in other ways – usually in ways that contribute to the public good, such as public health and research. We have to meet many conditions in the law before we can share your PHI for these purposes. For more information see:
www.hhs.gov/ocr/privacy/hipaa/understanding/consumers/index.html.
Help with public health and safety issues
We can share PHI about you for certain situations such as:
Preventing disease
Helping with product recalls
Reporting adverse reactions to medications
Reporting suspected abuse, neglect, or domestic violence
Preventing or reducing a serious threat to anyone’s health or safety
Do research
We can use or share a “limited data set” of your PHI for certain health research.
Comply with the law
We will share PHI about you if state or federal laws require it, including with the Department of Health and Human Services if it wants to see that we’re complying with federal privacy law.
Respond to organ and tissue donation requests and work with a medical examiner or funeral director
We can share PHI about you with organ procurement organizations
We can share PHI with a coroner, medical examiner, or funeral director when an individual dies
Address workers’ compensation, law enforcement, and other government requests
We can use or share PHI about you:
For workers’ compensation claims
For law enforcement purposes or with a law enforcement official
With health oversight agencies for activities authorized by law
For special government functions such as military, national security, and presidential protective services
Respond to lawsuits and legal actions
We can share PHI about you in response to a court or administrative order, or in response to a subpoena.
Communicate with service providers
We may enter into agreements with entities or individuals to provide services (for example, claims processing services) to the Covered Entity. These service providers, called “business associates,” may create, receive, have access to, use, and/or disclose (including to other business associates) PHI in conjunction with the services they provide to the Covered Entity, provided that we have obtained satisfactory written assurances that the business associates will comply with all applicable Privacy Rules.
Our Responsibilities
We are required by law to maintain the privacy and security of your PHI.
The Covered Entity must notify you promptly following discovery of a breach. A breach occurs if unsecured PHI is acquired, used or disclosed in a manner that is impermissible under the Privacy Rules, unless there is a low probability that the PHI has been compromised.
We must follow the duties and privacy practices described in this notice and give you a copy of it.
We will not use or share your PHI other than as described here unless you provide written authorization. If you authorize use or sharing, you may change your mind at any time. Let us know in writing if you change your mind.
For more information see: www.hhs.gov/ocr/privacy/hipaa/understanding/consumers/noticepp.html.
Changes to the Terms of this Notice
We can change the terms of this notice, and the changes will apply to all information we have about you. The new notice will be available upon request, on our website, and we will provide a copy to you.
Compliance with State Privacy Laws
State law may further limit the permissible ways the Covered Entity uses or discloses your PHI. If an applicable state law imposes stricter restrictions on the Covered Entity, we will comply with that state law.
Revised Date: August 17, 2020
Privacy Officer Contact Information:
Allianz Life Insurance Company of North America
Attn: Data Privacy Officer
PO Box 1344
Minneapolis, MN 55440-1344
800.950.5872
Insurance Producers
As an individual seeking appointment with or appointed with Allianz Life Insurance Company of North America (Allianz) as an insurance producer, or an individual appointed with Allianz as a servicing agent (collectively, “insurance producer”), you have the right to know what categories of personal information Allianz collects about you and the purposes for which such information is collected.
As used in this Privacy Notice, “personal information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, to you or your household. Personal information includes, but is not limited to, the categories identified below if such information identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could be reasonably linked, directly or indirectly, with you or your household.
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Notice or collection and use of your personal information by Allianz, please email us at privacy@allianzlife.com. If you are an insurance producer who resides in California, this Privacy Notice is intended to comply with the California Consumer Protection Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). Allianz collects this information on behalf of itself, and, as applicable to your appointment, Allianz Life Insurance Company of New York and Allianz Life Financial Services, LLC.
This Privacy Notice is effective January 1, 2020.
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED
PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
Identifiers, such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier (including your national producer number), online identifier, internet protocol (IP) address, email address, Social Security number, or other similar identifiers.
Evaluate a potential insurance producer relationship with you.
Perform background checks and verify your professional standing and qualifications, including your insurance licenses.
Evaluate, determine, and arrange compensation.
Contact you regarding your request for your insurance producer appointment and insurance producer relationship with us.
Once you are appointed with us, we may contact you to discuss applications, sales, and other opportunities.
Financial information, including bank account number, or other financial information.
For commission payment purposes.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement.
This information is collected for the technical administration and research and development of the Allianz website.
Audio information (e.g., a recording of a customer service call).
We may record calls with you for quality assurance purposes.
Written signatures.
Allianz collects written signatures as needed to indicate authorization, acceptance, agreement, etc. to terms relating to your appointment as an Allianz producer and to process and administer the policies you submit for issue by the company.
Inferences drawn from any of the information listed above to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences.
Allianz uses the information you provide to:
Contact you according to your preference (email, phone, etc.).
Understand your business and provide you with information about Allianz products and services that may be of interest to you.
Personalize our service and support of your business.
In addition to the purposes identified above, Allianz may use and disclose any and all personal information that we collect as necessary or appropriate to:
Comply with laws and regulations, including (without limitation) applicable tax and insurance laws and regulations.
Monitor, investigate, and enforce compliance with and potential breaches of Allianz policies and procedures and legal and regulatory requirements.
Comply with civil, criminal, judicial, or regulatory inquiries, investigations, subpoenas, or summons.
Exercise or defend the legal rights of Allianz and its employees, affiliates, customers, contractors, agents, and producers.
Privacy Notice
Your privacy is a high priority for Allianz Life Insurance Company of North America (“Allianz”) (“we” or “our”). This Privacy Notice outlines our principles for collecting, using, and protecting information that we maintain about you.
Information about you that Allianz collects
We collect information about you so that we can process the insurance transactions you request and administer or service your policy. We also collect information to inform you of new products and services and to engage in studies or research relating to our business. We limit the information collected to what is needed for our business purposes. We may collect your information from the following sources.
From you, either directly or through our financial professionals. This may include information provided on your insurance application or other forms you may complete. The information we collect includes, but is not limited to, your name, Social Security number, address, telephone number, mobile phone number, and email address.
From others, through the process of issuing a policy or handling a claim. This may include information from consumer reporting agencies and medical or accident reports.
From your doctor or during a home visit by a health care professional. This may include your health records gathered with your written consent.
From your relationship with us. For example, this may include the number of years you have been a customer or the types of products you have purchased.
From data brokers that collect publicly available information about you. This includes household information, financial transactions, and social media activity.
Information about you that Allianz shares
We do not share information about current or former customers with anyone, except as allowed by law. “Allowed by law” means that we may share the information we collect about you as follows.
With people and entities when we have your consent to share your information.
With our affiliates and other third parties in order to process your application, or administer or service your policy.
With consumer reporting agencies to obtain a medical report, credit report, or motor vehicle report. These reports are used to decide eligibility for a policy or to process transactions you request.
With our financial professionals so that they can service your policy. They may also inform you of other Allianz products and services that may be of interest to you.
With health care providers in order to process your claim.
As required or otherwise permitted by law. This may include sharing information with state insurance agencies, law enforcement, and other government officials. We may also share your information to respond to subpoenas, court orders and other legal requests.
With research groups to conduct studies on our business to improve the products and services we offer.
To inform you of products and services that may be of interest to you. These communications may be made by us, our financial professionals, or through third parties.
With our affiliates so they can market their products and services to you. State insurance laws do not allow you to restrict this disclosure.
Allianz does not sell your information to anyone
We do not sell your information to anyone for their own marketing purposes. For this reason, we are not required to obtain your “opt-in election,” “opt-out election” or authorization.
Allianz policies and practices regarding security of your information
We limit access to your information to those employees, affiliates, and service providers who need it for our business purposes. We protect your information using safeguards that comply with applicable federal and state law. This includes measures that are administrative, physical, and technical in nature. We use reasonable measures to secure our websites and protect the information that may be shared over these sites.
Your ability to access and correct your information
You have the right to access and obtain a copy of your information. This does not include the right to access and copy your information related to a claim or civil or criminal proceeding. You may also write to us and ask about disclosure(s) of your information made within the last two (2) years. If you wish to review your information, please write us at:
Allianz Life Insurance Company of North America
Attn: Privacy Office
PO Box 1344
Minneapolis, MN 55440-1344
Please provide your full name, address, and policy number(s) in your written request. For your protection, please have your request notarized. We reserve the right to ask for additional verification of your identity.
Within 30 working days of our receipt of your written request, you may see and get a copy of your information in person. If you prefer, we will send you a copy of your information. If medical information is contained in your file, we may request that you name a medical professional to whom we will send your information.
If you believe any of your information is incorrect, you may write to us at the address above. Within 30 working days, we will let you know if our review has resulted in a correction of your information. If we do not agree there is an error, you may file a statement disputing our finding. We will attach the statement to your file. We will send any corrections we make, or your statement, to anyone we shared your information with over the past two years, and to anyone who may receive your information from us in the future. We do not control the information about you obtained from a consumer reporting agency or a Department of Motor Vehicles. We will provide you with the names and addresses of these agencies so you can contact them directly.
Notification of change
Your trust is one of our most important assets. If we revise our privacy practices in the future, we will notify you prior to implementing any changes.
For more information or if you have questions
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please call the Corporate Compliance Privacy Office at 800.328.5600, contact us via the secured website, or write us at:
Allianz Life Insurance Company of North America
Attn: Privacy Office
PO Box 1344
Minneapolis, MN 55440-1344
This Privacy Notice is being provided on behalf of the following companies:
Allianz Life Insurance Company of North America
Allianz Life Financial Services, LLC
Revised Date:  August 17, 2020
Allianz Life Insurance Company of North America Privacy Notice for California Residents
This Privacy Notice for California Residents (Notice) supplements the information contained in the Allianz Life Insurance Company of North America (“Allianz Life” or “we”, “our”, “us”) Online Privacy Policy, HIPAA Privacy Notice, and Privacy Notice, all available above, and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California ("consumers" or "you"). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Notice.
This Notice does not apply to employment-related personal information collected from California-based employees, job applicants, contractors, or similar individuals.
This Privacy Notice for California Residents is effective January 1, 2020.
Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device ("personal information"). Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, like:
health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA);
personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA), or the California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA).
Most of the personal information we collect about you is covered by sector-specific privacy laws, including but not limited to GLBA and HIPAA. This means that CCPA does not apply to that information. Even though we have an exemption for most of the personal information we collect, we want to be transparent about our information collection practices.
We collect the following categories of personal information from consumers:
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, and postal address.
Unique personal identifiers such as an internet protocol (IP) address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Health Insurance Information including an individual’s insurance policy number or subscriber identification number, any unique identifier used by a health insurer to identify the individual, or any information in the individual’s application and claims history.
Financial information including bank account number or other financial information.
Medical Information including any information in possession of or derived from a healthcare provider, healthcare service plan, pharmaceutical company, or contractor regarding an individual’s medical history, mental or physical condition, or treatment.
Protected Characteristics such as gender, or physical or mental disability.
Electronic and Sensory Data such as audio, electronic, or similar information (e.g., a recording of a customer service call).
Written Signature such as an individual’s signature on an application or form.
Network Activity Data such as internet or other electronic network activity information (e.g., browsing history, search history, and information regarding an individual’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement).
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you. For example, from your insurance application, other forms you complete, or products and services you purchase.
Indirectly from you. For example, from others through the process of issuing or administering a policy or handling a claim, or from your actions on our Website.
Additional details regarding our collection of personal information can be found in our Online Privacy Policy, HIPAA Privacy Notice, and Privacy Notice, all available above.
Use of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you provide your personal information to purchase an insurance product, we will use that information to process your request.
To support, personalize, and develop our products, services, and website.
To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.
To process your requests and transactions, and to prevent fraud.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns, and to monitor and improve our responses.
To personalize your website experience and to deliver content, product, and service offerings, including ads through third-party sites.
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our business, website, products, services, databases, and other technology assets.
For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our website, products, and services.
To respond to law enforcement requests and, as required by applicable law, court orders or governmental regulations.
For the purposes described to you when collecting your personal information.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to third parties (e.g., service providers, insurance producers, insurance support organizations, reinsurers, third-party administrators, etc.) for business purposes. The personal information we share and who we share it with is based on the insurance product or service you receive from us. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter into a contract that describes that purpose and requires the recipient to keep the personal information confidential, and to not use it for any purpose other than performing the contract. We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
Your Rights and Choices
To the extent the CCPA applies to your interactions with us, it provides you with specific rights regarding your personal information. This section describes these CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
To the extent the CCPA applies, you have the right to request, through a verifiable consumer request, that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months.
Deletion Request Rights
If the CCPA applies to your interactions with us, you have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request using one of the methods listed below:
Calling us at 800.328.5600
Contacting us through the secured website
Writing to us at:
Allianz Life Insurance Company of North America
Attn: Privacy Office
PO Box 1344
Minneapolis, MN 55440-1344
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information.
Under the CCPA, you may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information for us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail for us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity, authority to make the request, or confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
Response Timing and Format
If the CCPA applies to your interactions with us, we endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any CCPA disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt of a verifiable consumer request. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Notice for California Residents at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will post the updated notice on the website and update its effective date.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this notice, the ways in which we collect and use your information described here, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us by:
Calling us at 800.328.5600
Contacting us through the secured website
Writing to us at:
Allianz Life Insurance Company of North America
Attn: Privacy Office
PO Box 1344
Minneapolis, MN 55440-1344
Codes of Conduct
Code of Conduct (PDF)
Vendor Code of Conduct (PDF)
Antitrust Code
Antitrust Code (PDF)
Please Wait ...
×
Error
An unexpected error has occurred.