https://www.stcloudmining.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Personal Information
While using the website, you may choose to provide the Company with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name, email address, phone number, or address (“Personal Information”).
The Company uses your Personal Information to respond to your inquiry about our products, and from time to time it may be used for other purposes.
By using the website, you agree to the collection and use of information for business purposes.
St. Cloud will work to ensure that any information about the users of this website remains confidential, but cannot guarantee that such information will be secure and remain confidential at all times.
The Company will not be held responsible for any damages or events whatsoever resulting from any third-party’s unauthorized access of the information the Company may have regarding the users of this website.
Log Data
Like many site operators, the Company collects information that your browser sends whenever you visit St. Cloud Mining’s website (“Log Data”).
This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, and the pages of the website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Cookies
Like many sites, the Company uses “cookies” to collect information. Cookies are small pieces of text sent by your web browser by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the website or a third-party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the website more useful to you.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of the website.
If you’d like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to the Company, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While St. Cloud Mining strives to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, the Company cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Disclosure of Personal Information
While the Company has no obligation to monitor this website or the use of this website, it reserves the right to monitor, retain, review and/or disclose any information as necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request or to cooperate with law enforcement and other authorities in investigating allegedly illegal activity. We may use IP addresses to identify users of this Website where we feel it is necessary to protect the Company, this website, our customers, and/or any other individual or entity.
The Company may also disclose information about you if it determines that disclosure is necessary or appropriate for issues of public importance, or if it is reasonably necessary to enforce its terms or conditions, or protect its operations or users.
In addition, in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale, St. Cloud Mining may transfer any and all Personal Information to a relevant third party.
The Company may make certain Personal Information available to other companies that provide products and services to St. Cloud Mining.
It may also share Personal Information with companies who provide services such as information processing, providing customer service, or marketing advice.
These companies are obligated to protect your information.
Children’s Privacy
St. Cloud Mining does not target its website to children under the age of 13 and does not knowing collect information from children under 13.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will remain in effect at all times as currently posted or as later modified.
St. Cloud Mining reserves the right to update or change this Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the website after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend access to our website immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Last Updated:
1/26/2018
Copyright 2018 by St. Cloud Mining™.
All rights reserved. This material may not be reproduced without written permission from the Company.