http://www.designatronics.com/products-and-solutions/privacy-policy.php
Privacy Policy - Designatronics Inc.
(800) 819-8900
Menu
Products
Products & Capabilities
Gears
Sprockets and Chains
Timing Pulleys & Timing Belts
Shafts & Shaft Accessories
Bearings & Bearing Maintenance
Couplings
Universal Joints
Linear Motion Components
Gearheads & Speed Reducers
Right Angle Drives
Clutches & Brakes
Vibration & Shock Mounts
Hardware, Fasteners & Misc. Components
Capabilities & Services
Product Inquiry Form
Terms & Conditions of Sales
Supplier Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Code of Conduct Policy
Paperless Invoices
Markets
Markets
Aerospace & Defense
Space & Satellites
Industrial Automation
Medical Technology
Oil & Gas
Robotics
Design Tools
Center Distance Designer
Coupling Selector
Cross-Reference
Technical Resources
3D Printing: Prototyping & Low Volume Production
About Us
About Designatronics
Our Management Approach
Quality Management Systems
Press Releases
Events
Quick Tour
Contact Us
Contact Us
Sales Representatives & Distributors
Careers
Employment Opportunities
Benefits
Buy Online
Products   Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
DESIGNATRONICS, INC. PRIVACY NOTICE
Updated:  July 1, 2020
This Privacy Notice explains how Personal Information is collected, used, and shared by Designatronics, Inc. and its brands. By visiting the SDP/SI eStore or any other websites operated by Designatronics, Inc. or its subsidiaries (collectively, "our Sites"), you agree to accept the practices described in this Privacy Notice. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Notice, please do not use our Sites. Each time you use our Sites, you should check the date of this Privacy Notice (which appears above) and review any changes that have been made since your last visit to our Sites.
We are committed to protecting your privacy in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) law and other applicable laws.  Designatronics, Inc. is the data controller.
Personal Information We May Collect From You and Purpose of Use
Designatronics uses information that we collect from our visitors and customers to conduct business, such as: complete transactions, respond to inquiries, and provide promotional materials. We may also use the information to improve our Sites and to personalize, and improve your visit and shopping experience at our Sites.
We gather the following types of information:
Customer Name
Company Name
Job Title
Address
Telephone Number
Fax Number
Credit or Debit Card Information
Email Address
User ID & Password
Cookies
Viewing History
Web Preferences
Purchase History
IP Address
Location Data
Operating System
Browser Type
We may collect information from you when communicating with any of our departments, such as customer service, sales, or engineering services through our Sites, email, surveys, telephone, mail or fax.
You consent to your information being collected, used, disclosed, and stored as set forth in this Privacy Notice and our Website Terms of Use.
Orders:
If you place an order through our eStore, you will be required to provide contact, billing, shipping, and payment information.
Cookies:
Cookies are unique identifiers that we transfer to your device to enable our systems to recognize your device and to provide features such as saving your shopping cart so that you may place your order at another time without browsing through our site again. This grants you the opportunity to shop at your convenience without commitments or obligations, making your shopping experience as pleasurable as possible.
Through the use of cookies, we may also collect and analyze the IP address used to connect your computer to the Internet; computer and connection information such as your browser type and version; operating system and platform; confirmation when you open e-mail that we send you; and the URLs which lead you to and around our Sites including the date and time.
You can generally set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie. Software is also available from third parties which will allow you to visit our Sites without providing this information.
Important Note: By using software to block cookies certain features of this Site will be disabled and we will be unable to accept any online orders from you.
Use of Information Collected By Us
We use this information in an effort to improve your experience on our Sites, to carry out any obligations resulting from any contracts entered into between you and us, to provide services to you, and to communicate with you about information that you request. We may also use this information to help us target specific offers to you, to help us develop and improve our Site, and to tailor our Site to your interests.
Sharing of Information with Third Parties
We will not rent, sell or otherwise disclose your Personal Information to unrelated third parties without your consent, except as stated in this Privacy Notice.
We reserve the right to provide Personal Information to our affiliated companies, employees, and contractors for sales, shipping, marketing and promotional activities.
We contract with third party services, such as, but not limited to, Google and HubSpot, for marketing purposes, collecting, analyzing, and reporting data regarding customers, site visitors, and how our sites are being used. The information collected through the use of cookies is stored and available for our use only. The third party is prohibited from using the data collected other than for our business purposes.
We may engage other companies for services on our behalf, such as maintaining our eStore and other Sites, collecting information, sending and receiving email, and transacting business. In order for the site vendors to perform their duties they will have access to Personal Information. Site vendors will protect your Personal Information and will not use for any other purpose.
To the extent permitted by law, we will disclose Personal Information to government authorities or third parties pursuant to a legal request, subpoena or other legal process. We may also use or disclose your information as permitted by law to perform charge verifications, report or collect debts owed, fight fraud or protect our rights or property as well as those of our affiliates, customers, or its users. You should be aware that, following disclosure to any third party, your Personal Information may be accessible by others to the extent permitted or required by applicable law.
To Request to Remove Your Personal Information or Opt Out
Either Call 1-800-819-8900 to correct inaccuracies, or if you no longer wish to receive information from us and want your Personal Information removed from our data base, please use the form at: http://info.designatronics.com/opt-out-designatronics-sdpsi-qbc-qtc-metric-gears. You may also use the “Opt Out” option on any email that you receive from us.
To Remove Your Personal Information from Our eStore
Login to your account to view, correct or delete your information at our eStore.
When contacting us please be sure to use your full name, company name, address, and the email address you used when making your purchase or registering with us.
For questions or feedback about this privacy statement or practices of this Website, contact us via e-mail at info@designatronics.com
Security
Designatronics takes appropriate security measures in handling your Personal Information. Our physical facilities are protected against loss, misuse, and alteration of Personal Information collected from you on our Sites. Industry standard encryption technologies are used when sending and receiving personal information. The Sites currently use up to 256-bit SSL (secure socket layer) for encryption of transactions, encrypting all your Personal Information. It is your responsibility to safeguard your passwords and user IDs, absolute security of the Internet cannot be guaranteed.
Links to Other Sites
Please be aware that our Sites may link to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. Be sure to review the privacy statements of any destination site you visit. Our Privacy Policy applies only to the information collected through our Sites.
Limitations on Liability
In no event will Designatronics or its subsidiaries be liable in any manner whatsoever for any incidental, consequential, indirect, special or punitive damages arising out of your access, use or inability to use our Sites, or in connection with any failure or performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus or line or system failure (including loss of profits, loss of business or data, business interruption, and damages that result from inaccuracy of the information or inconvenience, delay, or loss of the use of our Sites). The foregoing limitations apply whether the alleged liability is based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or any other basis, even if Designatronics or its affiliates or any other party has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Revisions to the Privacy Policy
Designatronics may review and amend this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to comply with regulations on the protection of personal information. Your continued use of the Sites will constitute your acceptance of such changes.
Engineered Solutions for a World in Motion
©
Designatronics Inc. • All Rights Reserved
Our CompanyAbout DesignatronicsOur Management ApproachQuality Management SystemPress Releases and EventsBrandsSDP/SI - Stock Drive Products / Sterling Instrument QTC METRIC GEARSQuality Bearings and ComponentsGeneral InformationTerms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicyCode of Conduct PolicyPaperless InvoicesConnectFacebookInstagramLinkedinGoogle+ (SDP/SI)Twitter