http://www.imerys-paper.com/terms-conditions
Skip to main content
Welcome to Imerys Performance Minerals
Terms & Conditions
Breadcrumb
Home
Terms & conditions and privacy policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
Thank you for visiting www.imerys-performance-minerals.com. Please find below the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy governing the use of our website. We encourage you to read them carefully.
Visiting this website necessarily implies your unconditional acceptance and compliance with the hereby provisions; the applicable laws and regulations and the respect of the rights of third parties.
More particularly, you undertake to:
Act fairly and with all reasonable and usual care, skill and forethought with Imerys and third parties;
Be honest and sincere in the information provided to Imerys and, if necessary, to third parties;
Use this website in accordance with the purpose as described herein;
Not distract the use of this website to commit crimes, offences or petty offences punishable under French law;
Not interfere with the automated processing systems for data implementation for the launch of this website;
Not post messages contrary to the laws, regulations or morality - especially libelous or offensive ones.
You are also prohibited from adding data by whatever means to the Imerys www.imerys-performance-minerals.com website that may modify or be likely to modify the content or appearance of the data, the presentation or organization of the site, or the work featured on the website.
Ownership
The website www.imerys-performance-minerals.com is owned by Imerys Talc Europe SAS, a company incorporated under the laws of France, with a capital of 27 409 783,10 € registered in the Toulouse Trade and Companies Register under the number 599 802 006. The registered office of Imerys Talc Europe is located at 2 Place Edouard Bouillères, 31100 Toulouse France, Tel: +33  5 61 50 20 20.
Publication Director: Emmanuelle Barata, Head of Communications, Performance Minerals, EMEA
Web Manager: Bridget Worth, ETC. France.
Website maintenance: Couleur Citron, 14 avenue de l’Europe, 31500 Ramonville-St-Agne, France.
Web hosting: DDO Organisation, Siège social : 125 bis chemin de Sang de Serp, 31200 Toulouse, France.
Disclaimer
Nothing on this website should be construed as constituting an offer, or the solicitation of an offer, to buy, sell or invest in any quoted or non-quoted securities issued by Imerys or its subsidiaries.
Products, processes and programs presented on the website www.imerys-performance-minerals.com are not necessarily available in all countries. Hypertext links on our site may lead users to information contained on other websites, over which Imerys has no control.
Information on the website is provided on an “as is” basis without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.
No guaranty is given by Imerys that access to the website will be uninterrupted, that the website will be secure and free of virus or other harmful components, or that information on the website will be at any particular time complete, accurate or timely.
Consequently, Imerys shall not be held liable for any direct, indirect, consequential or special damages or loss irrespective of their cause, nature or consequences, including without limitation any loss of profits, due to the use of this website made by the users or due to the documents provided in the website.
Accessibility
The website www.imerys-performance-minerals.com is normally accessible 24 hours a day and 7 days a week. In the event of circumstances outside Imerys's control, problems due to information systems, problems due to telecommunications networks, other technical issues, or for maintenance reasons—this list is not exhaustive—Imerys may decide at any time without notice and at its own discretion, to suspend or interrupt access to all or part of the website or change, correct and/or improve content of the website.
Neither Imerys nor any of its direct or indirect affiliates will be liable to any user or any other third party for any direct, indirect, consequential or special damages or loss irrespective of their cause, nature or consequences, including without limitation any loss of profits, loss of programs or other data on the user's information handling system or otherwise.
Imerys and its direct or indirect subsidiaries will assume no liability for such direct, indirect, consequential or special damages which may arise from the inability to, or from the access or use of this website or any hyperlinked website, irrespective of the information contained in this website or any hyperlink website, whether Imerys was aware of the possibility of such damages or not.
Intellectual Property
The general architecture, as well as the software, content, pictures, videos, sounds, process, slogans, texts, product, technology and know-how in general, and any other elements which are part of this Website are Imerys’ or its licensors’ exclusive property.
Imerys’ trademarks and logos and any derivative thereof, as well as its partners' trademarks, whether or not owned by Imerys, are registered trademarks. Any total or partial reproduction of such trademarks and/or such logos made without Imerys’ prior written consent is prohibited in accordance with the relevant provisions of the French Intellectual Property Code.
Any total or partial use, copying, reproduction, publication or representation of this Website and its content, by any means whatsoever, without Imerys’ prior written consent is forbidden and shall be considered as an infringement of the relevant provisions of the French Intellectual Property Code.
Imerys expressly prohibits (without limitation):
The extraction, by permanent or temporary transfer of all or any qualitatively or quantitatively substantial part of the contents of a database to another support by any means and in any form whatsoever, and
The re-use, by making available to the public all or a qualitatively or quantitatively substantial part of the contents of the database, under any form whatsoever.
Privacy Policy
Personal data – what we collect and what we use it for
Your privacy is important to us and we take our responsibility regarding the security of your personal information very seriously. We are committed to protecting your personal information and to being transparent about the information we are collecting about you and what we do with it.
The following personal data policy reflects the newest changes in European data protection law, and our commitment to transparency.
Download Center account creations
Imerys collects data regarding visitors to the site through its Download Center and Product Finder functions. To access documentation available from the Download Center and Product Finder, visitors are required to create a password-protected account and to have this account approved by the relevant person at Imerys.
To do this, you will be required to provide some basic information about yourself and your line of business and to choose a password:
Profile (customer / distributor / employee, other)
First name & last name
Company name
Job title (non mandatory)
E-mail address
Telephone number
Area of business
Before submitting this account request, you will be required to state that you have read and accepted the present terms and conditions and privacy policy.
Contact forms
Visitors may also send messages to Imerys staff via the contact forms available on this site. Each contact form requires you to provide similar basic contact details:
First name & last name
Company name
Job title (non mandatory)
E-mail address
Telephone number
Area of business
Sample request
You may also be providing data to us to request a sample. In this case, you will be required to provide the following information:
First name & last name
Company name
Job title (non mandatory)
Postal address
E-mail address
Telephone number
Area of business
This information is destined for use by Imrys and Imerys' partners only. Imerys hereby undertakes never to share users’ personal data with third parties, unless the user specifically requests this.
This personal information will be used for the sole purposes cited below:
To identify you as a registered user when you log in to the website and re-visit the website
To respond to your questions and provide related customer service
Send you newsletters and documentation update notification emails and digest emails (if you have checked ‘optin’ field only)
Engage in various internal business purposes, i.e data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing new web products and services, improving or modifying the website, identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns
In accordance with new European legislation (GDPR 2016/679 & Directive 2016/680), which came into force in France on 25 May 2018 and which rounds out French law N°78-17 of 6 January 1978 governing  ‘Information Technology & Liberties’, visitors to www.imerys-performance-additives.com reserve the following rights:
The right to erasure (the right to be forgotten) enabling the user to request that all data concerning him/her be erased
The right to data portability enabling the user to receive the personal data concerning them in a “commonly used format” and transfer that data to another controller
The right to the restriction of processing enabling the user to request that the processing of data concerning him/her be suspended.
To exercise these rights, please use the privacy settings related to your account or contact the webmaster at the following address: contactpa.europe@imerys.com
The data submitted may be sent to all Imerys group entities within or outside the European Economic Area for the following purposes: better communication with the users and better assessment by Imerys of users’ needs. Please note that any transfer of your data shall be conducted pursuant to the means recognized by the law “Informatique et Liberté” (Information, Technology and Liberties) of January 6, 1978 as modified.
This privacy policy may be completed and/or modified by Imerys at any time without prior notice.
Imerys shall not be held liable for information and/or documents that users of this Website communicate to the company via the form accessible on the Website’s contact page. As such, the users of this Website state hereby they own all authorizations required for the communication of this  information and/or documents. Consequently, the users ensure Imerys against any judicial or extra-judicial action which may be intended against Imerys based on intellectual property rights, trade secrets violation, and confidential information disclosure, without this list being exhaustive.
Special notice for American users
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (C.O.P.P.A.) of 1998 provides safeguards to protect children who use the internet by regulating the online collection of personal information from children under the age of 13. According to this Act, "(...) if you operate a general audience website and have actual knowledge that you are collecting personal information from children, you must comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (C.O.P.P.A.)." Imerys does not intend to collect any Personal Identification Information from children under the age of 13. However, if children under the age of 13 provide Personal Identification Information to Imerys, their parents or legal guardians should request that we delete this information from our files using the General Enquiries contact form. We will make all reasonable efforts to delete children's information from our files.
Further information about the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 may be found on the Federal Trade Commission's website (www.ftc.gov).
Cookies
Tracking techniques may be used on our website as a means of enhancing your user experience.
A session cookie is created when you visit the www.imerys-performance-minerals.com website. Cookies record information about your visit to our site (pages visited, date and time of visit, etc.) on your computer's hard drive. This information can be used during your next visit to the website. This cookie remains on your computer for 13 months. You can block these cookies by modifying the security parameters of your browser. You will be able to select which cookies you wish to accept or reject by adjusting the privacy preferences in the footer of the website.
IP Address
When users visit the website, we register their computer’s IP address to approximate their regional location so as to present you with information relevant to the region worldwide. We do not keep IP addresses.
Newsletters & digest emails, etc.
On all our contact forms you are required to tick a box stating whether you wish to receive further information from Imerys. If you tick this box you will be added to the mailing list Imerys Performance Additives uses to disseminate any newsletters or other information of interest to its customers and distributors. If you do not want to receive information from us, leave this box unchecked. If you have checked this box but wish to opt out from our newsletters, digest emails or similar, please either access your privacy settings directly or contact the webmaster at the following address: contactpa.europe@imerys.com
Applicable law
The Imerys Performance Additives website www.imerys-performance-minerals.com and its use and access conditions are governed by French law. Any dispute or difference with respect to this website shall be exclusively settled by the French courts.
For more information, please contact the webmaster at the following address: contactpa.europe@imerys.com
Share it
LinkedIn
Twitter
Facebook
Download Center
Product Finder
Contact an Expert
Sample Request
Regulatory Documents
Home Market
Already have an account?
Please log in
Email address
Password
Forgot password?
log in
You don't have an account?
To download documents or ask a question, you need to create an account.
create an account
Contact a regulatory / SDS expert
Have you checked our Download Center which contains most of our Regulatory documents?
Safety data sheets
Market-specific regulatory packages (GMO, BSE, allergens, food contact, halal, kosher, nanomaterials, etc.)
Compliance documents
Certificates
Go to Download Center
I can't find what I'm looking for
log in or create an account to send a message to our Regulatory Affairs team
Contact General Enquiries
If your enquiry concerns a specific MARKET,
please contact a Market Expert
or
contact a Salesman for that market
.
If your enquiry concerns REGULATORY AFFAIRS or QUALITY, please log in to contact Regulatory Affairs.
If you require DOCUMENTATION, please check our Download Center which contains:
Technical data sheets
Brochures
Safety data sheets
Regulatory documents (GMO, BSE, allergens, food contact, halal, kosher, nanomaterials, heavy metals, etc.)
Quality and compliance documents (ISO, Kosher, Ecocert, Cosmos...)
For GENERAL ENQUIRIES, please click here.
Forgot password
Please enter your email adress :
Email address
send
Privacy settings
To delete your Download Center account, and your personal data, please enter your email and password :
Email address
Password
send
Delete your account
Are you sure you want to delete your account details ?
Yes
No
Copyright.
For copyright reasons, this document is not directly downloadable.
It will be sent to your email address as quickly as possible.
Select your Technical Data Sheet Document
TechnicalDataSheet2015.pdf
TechnicalDataSheet2016.pdf
TechnicalDataSheet2017.pdf