http://www.nwsigns.com/privacy-policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how “NW Signs” uses and protects any information that you give “NW Signs” when you use this website.
“NW Signs.” is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. “NW Signs.” may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Your Name
Your email address
Your phone number
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
We will never sell your information.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disklosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by emailing us at info@nwsigns.com.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please email us at info@nwsigns.com.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Ready to start your project? SO ARE WE.
Make it Happen
© Copyright 2020 - Northwest Sign & Design. Web design by efelle creative | Privacy Policy | Sitemap »