https://www.autoinc.org/u-s-senate-committee-revisits-need-for-federal-data-privacy-legislation/
Sections
Blogs
Columns
Features
ASA News
U.S. Senate committee revisits need for federal data privacy legislation
September 23, 2020
AutoInc.,
A Decrease font size.
A Reset font size.
A Increase font size.
From the Automotive Service Association
WASHINGTON, D.C. – The U.S. Senate Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation convened today in a hearing to discuss the renewed need for federal data privacy legislation.
The discussion focused heavily on California’s Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) of 2018, which has been widely viewed as the most progressive data privacy legislation in the United States.
However, due to the largely interstate nature of data use, the CCPA has been difficult to enforce and signals the urgent need for cohesive federal data privacy legislation.
CLICK HERE for hearing video.
The hearing was led by U.S. Senator Roger Wicker (R-MS), who recently introduced the SAFE DATA Act in coalition with other Senate republicans. Witnesses included four former chairmen of the Federal Trade Commission as well as the Attorney General for California, Xavier Becerra.
It is unlikely privacy legislation will move forward in the 116th Congress.
FacebookTwitterLinkedinemail
Related Posts:
U.S. Senate committee holds hearing on future of Paycheck Protection Program
Bipartisan group of lawmakers release more details on $908B stimulus plan
TakingTheHill.com: EPA finalizes particulate matter NAAQS
Follow AutoInc.
[Members Only Facebook Group]
Magazine
Past Digital Issues
Mission
Meet The Staff
Advertising
How To Contribute
Trending
Tech Tip: How to Reset a Nissan Power WindowTech Tip: How to Diagnose Hydro-Boost BrakesVirginia governor signs Motor Vehicle Safety Inspection Program legislationTaking a Short Trip Back to the 1970sU.S. Senate committee holds hearing on future of Paycheck Protection Program
News Provided By Business Wire
ASA News & Information
ASA urges Congress to pass COVID-19 relief stimulus bill prior to adjournmentWinner named in latest ASA-Dell Technologies contestASA Chairman: Happy Thanksgiving to our 'Great Family'2020 ASA Virtual MSO Symposium shared insights from every collision industry segmentASA Affiliates unite for 2021 ASA X50 Automotive Conference & Expo
Close
Share
Toggle Fullscreen
Zoom in/out
Previous
Next