http://www.siigroup.com/privacy.asp
HomeAboutPRODUCTSNewsroomContactCareer OpportunitiesCOVID-19
Languages
English
Portuguese
Chinese
SI Group
Innovation through Chemistry
Home Page / Privacy Policy
What This Privacy Policy Covers
This policy covers how SI Group treats personal information that SI Group collects and receives, including information related to your past use of SI Group products and services. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that SI Group does not own or control or to people that SI Group does not employ or manage.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
SI Group does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:  We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with SI Group under confidentiality agreements. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information; We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of SI Group's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law; We transfer information about you if SI Group is acquired by or merged with another company.
Information Collection and Use
General
SI Group collects personal information when you register with SI Group, and when you use SI Group products or services. SI Group may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies. When you register we may ask for information such as your name, mailing address, email address, occupation, and industry.  Once you register with SI Group and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us. SI Group collects information about your transactions with us. SI Group automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, SI Group cookie information, and the page you request.
SI Group uses information for the following general purposes: to customize the content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, and to contact you.
Cookies
SI Group does not currently store cookies on your computer.
Confidentiality and Security
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs. We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
SI Group may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your SI Group account or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
Questions and Suggestions
If you have questions or suggestions, please complete a feedback form or you can contact us at:
SI Group, Inc.Customer Service - Privacy Policy IssuesP.O. Box 1046Schenectady, NY 12301+1 (518) 347 4200
Effective Date
May 1, 2006
Download: SI Group Global Tax Strategy
SI Group, Inc.
Corporate Headquarters | 2750 Balltown Road, Schenectady, NY 12301, U.S.A. | Tel: +1 518.347.4200
Copyright SI Group, Inc. 2020
Privacy Policy|Terms of Use|Anti-Slavery|Disclaimer