http://www.bitrex.com/privacy
Skip to main content
What is Bitrex?What is Bitrex?
How Bitter is Bitrex?
Brands that use Bitrex
Products containing Bitrex
Preventing poisoningPreventing poisoning
Safety tips around the home
Child Safety Partnerships
News
Taste TestTaste Test
Organise a Taste Test
Request a taste test kit
Upload your image
Taste Test Gallery
Taste Kit Resources
Terms & Conditions
Trade/RetailManufacturers
Retailers
Bitrex Licensing
MSDS and Specifications
Meet Team Bitrex
Sales Contacts
What's it used in?
Contact Us
Menu
Change Language
English
English (US)
Español
Italiano
Français
Deutsch
What is Bitrex?What is Bitrex?
How Bitter is Bitrex?
Brands that use Bitrex
Products containing Bitrex
Preventing poisoningPreventing poisoning
Safety tips around the home
Child Safety Partnerships
News
Taste TestTaste Test
Organise a Taste Test
Request a taste test kit
Upload your image
Taste Test Gallery
Taste Kit Resources
Terms & Conditions
Trade/RetailManufacturers
Retailers
Bitrex Licensing
MSDS and Specifications
Meet Team Bitrex
Sales Contacts
What's it used in?
Contact Us
Privacy
Johnson Matthey respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal information.
Please read this Privacy Notice carefully as it contains important information on how and why Johnson Matthey collects and processes your personal information through your use of this website, and on your rights in relation to your personal information.
Who are we?
Johnson Matthey is made up of different legal entities. This Privacy Notice is issued on behalf of the Johnson Matthey Group. References to “Johnson Matthey”, “we”, “us” or “our” relate to the relevant company in the Johnson Matthey Group responsible for processing your personal information.
For the purposes of applicable data protection laws (including the EU General Data Protection Regulation, “GDPR”) Johnson Matthey Plc (with company number 00033774 and registered office at 5th Floor, 25 Farringdon Street, London, EC4A 4AB) is the controller of your personal information and responsible for this website, www.matthey.com.
Our contact details are provided in the contact section below.
What information do we collect about you?
“Personal information” means information that enables you to be identified, either directly or indirectly.
We may collect, use, store or transfer some or all the following kinds of personal information about you:
Behavioural information on your visit to the website: As you interact with our website, we automatically collect technical data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data using cookies. Please see our cookies notice for further information regarding our use of cookies.
Email address, where you have requested receipt of a regular email communication.
Contact information, including your full name, company name, telephone number and email address, where you have submitted an enquiry via our website contact forms.
We do not collect any sensitive information about you (such as details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health or genetic and biometric data) or any information regarding criminal convictions or offences.
Why, and on what basis, do we use your personal information?
Data protection laws require that we have a legal basis on which to process your personal information.
To fulfil our legitimate interests
It is in our legitimate interests to give users of our website the best possible and most secure experience. We therefore use the personal information we collect about you to tailor and improve our website experience for users, send you email messages relevant to your stated interest(s), and respond to any direct enquiries you submit via our website contact forms.
We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal information for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal information for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
To comply with our contractual and/or legal obligations
There may be other grounds on which we process your personal information. Processing may be necessary for the performance of a contract we have with you, or for us to comply with our legal obligations.
Who do we share your personal information with?
We may share your personal information with the following parties where it is necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for:
Associated entities within the Johnson Matthey Group
External third parties, including:
Service providers (acting as data processors) who provide IT and system administration services
Law enforcement or other authorities where required to do so to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal information and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third party service providers to use your personal information for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal information for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
International transfers
Your personal information may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”) (for example, in the USA). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for one of our service providers. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is kept secure and treated in accordance with this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection laws, including, where relevant, by entering into appropriate contractual terms with the receiving party outside the EEA.
How do we keep your personal information secure?
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal information from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. We limit access to your personal information to those individuals who have a business need to access it. As part of our security measures, we may sometimes require you to give proof of your identity before we disclose personal information to you.
We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks and carry out tests to identify ways to further strengthen security. We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected data security breach where we are legally required to do so.
Third party links
Our website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
How long do we keep hold of your personal information?
We will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
Your rights
Under the GDPR you have some important rights, which you can exercise free of charge. You have the right to:
request details or copies of the personal information we hold about you;
request to have your personal information corrected if it is inaccurate, and completed if it is incomplete;
in certain circumstances, object to or restrict the processing of your personal information;
in certain circumstances, request to have your personal information deleted or removed; and
in certain circumstances, request to have your personal information transferred to a third party.
For further information on each of these rights, including the circumstances in which they apply, see the guidance on individual rights from the UK Information Commissioner’s Office or contact us (see contact section below).
Job applicants
When you apply for a job with us (whether you already work for Johnson Matthey or not), we will collect, store and use personal information about you, including information provided in a CV, application form or cover letter, information provided to us during interviews and assessments, records of qualifications, skills and training, references, copies of right to work documentation, and records of pre-employment checks. Some of the information we collect about you may be more sensitive, such as information about your race or ethnic origin, health, and any previous criminal convictions/offences.
We collect this recruitment information direct from you during the recruitment process and from third parties, including former employers, employment agencies and background check providers.
We use the recruitment information we collect to:
assess your skills, qualifications, and suitability for the work/role;
carry out background and reference checks, where applicable and where permitted by local laws;
communicate with you about the recruitment process;
decide whether to enter into a contract of employment (or other service) with you;
keep records relating to our hiring processes; and
comply with legal or regulatory requirements.
Subject to local laws, we may retain recruitment information for up to two years after we have communicated to you our decision about whether to appoint you to the role. We may retain your personal information for that period so that we can show, in the event of a legal claim, that we have not discriminated against candidates on prohibited grounds and that we have conducted the recruitment exercise in a fair and transparent way.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
We may update this privacy notice from time to time in response to changing legal, regulatory or operational requirements. We will notify you of any material changes via a pop-up notice on the website.
This privacy notice was last updated on: 24 May 2018.
Contact
If you have any questions or concerns about the way we treat your personal information, any questions about your rights in relation to your information, or if you would like to request a copy of the personal information we hold about you, please contact us at:
Address:
Head of Data ProtectionJohnson Matthey Plc5th Floor, 25 Farringdon StreetLondonEC4A 4AB
Tel: +44 20 7269 8400
Email: DPO@matthey.com
Website: www.matthey.com
Making a complaint
Please contact us in the first instance so that we can try to address any concerns you have directly.
Should you wish to escalate your concerns, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local Data Protection Authority. The name and contact details of the Data Protection Authorities in the European Union can be accessed here.
Contact Bitrex
Head Office, Macfarlan Smith, 10 Wheatfield Road, Edinburgh, EH11 2QA,
Scotland, United Kingdom
Tel: +44 (0)131 337 2434
Fax: +44 (0)131 337 9813
Useful Links
Home
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Our Social Links
© 2020 The Weather Digital