http://www.lbt.com/privacy-policy
Skip Navigation
Documents in Portable Document Format (PDF) require Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0 or higher to view. Download Adobe© Acrobat Reader.
Menu icon
Enter search terms
Search submit
Menu
Personal
Checking
Savings
Kids Savings Program
CDs/IRAs
Money Market
Health Savings Account
LBT Debit Card
Electronic Banking
Online Banking
Mobile Banking
Snappy Remote Deposit
Quicken & QuickBooks Users
BaZing
Gift Cards/Reloadable Cards
Credit Cards
Order Checks
E-Statements
Business
SBA Paycheck Protection Program
Checking
Savings
Money Market
Cash Management
Select Business Merchant Capture
Lending
SBA Paycheck Protection Program
Ag Loans
Business Loans
Mortgage Loans
Personal Loans
Resources
Switch Kit
Calculators
Security Center
Account Inquiry
Forms
24hr Phone Banking
Other Services
About Us
Contact Us
Locations / ATM Locator
Our Focus
Travel Club
Privacy Policy
Notice of Your Financial Privacy Rights This is our privacy notice for our customers. When we use the words “you” and “your” we mean the following types of customers:All of our consumer customers who have a continuing relationship with us, such as:Deposit accountLoan accountSafe deposit boxRetail installment contract we hold and serviceSelf-directed Individual Retirement Account where we act as custodian or trustee We will tell you the sources for nonpublic personal information we collect on our customers. We will tell you what measures we take to secure that information.We first define some terms.We, our, and us means Lamar Bank & Trust Company.Nonpublic personal information means information about you that we collect in connection with providing a financial product or service to you. Nonpublic personal information does not include information that is available from public sources, such as telephone directories or government records.An affiliate is a company we own or control, a company that owns or controls us, or a company that is owned or controlled by the same company that owns or controls us. Ownership does not mean complete ownership, but means owning enough to have control.A non-affiliated third party is a company that is not an affiliate of ours.The Information that We CollectWe collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources:Information we receive from you on applications or other formsInformation about your transactions with usInformation about your transactions with non-affiliated third partiesInformation from a consumer reporting agency We do not disclose any nonpublic personal information about you to anyone, except as authorized by law.The Confidentiality, Security and Integrity of Your Nonpublic Personal InformationWe restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your nonpublic personal information.Nonpublic Personal Information And Nonaffiliated Third PartiesSince we value our customer relationship with you, we will not disclose your nonpublic personal information to nonaffiliated third parties, except as permitted by law.Nonpublic Personal InformationAnd Former CustomersWe do not disclose nonpublic personal information about former customers.Internet Privacy StatementVisitors to this bank Website remain anonymous. We do not collect identifying information about visitors to our site. We may use standard software to collect non-identifying information about our visitors, such as: Date and time our site was accessed IP address (A numeric address given to servers connected to the Internet) Web browser used City, state, and country The bank uses this information to create summary statistics and to determine the level of interest in information available on our site. Visitors may elect to provide us with personal information via E-mail, online registration forms, or our guest book. This information is used internally, as appropriate, to handle the sender's request. It is not disseminated or sold to other organizations. Some areas of our Website may use a "cookie" temporarily stored in the visitor's computer memory (RAM) to allow the web server to log the pages you use within the site and to know if you have visited the site before.
LBT Debit Card QuestionsLost/Stolen? Traveling with your Debit-card? Have questions? Click here, we have the answers!
What's going on at LBT?
Here at Lamar Bank and Trust it is our goal to make a difference in the communities in which we work and live.