http://www.netronline.com/privacy_policy.php
NETR Online • Privacy Policy
Oct 9, 2020, 6:35 pm
Home
Environmental Data
Public Records Online
Property Data Store
Historic Aerials
Home Tips
NETROnline Privacy Policy
Advertisers
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Cookies
This site uses cookies. Its use is restricted to
simplifying the login process of certain sections of our
Web site.
Order Forms
Our site uses an order form for customers to request
information, products, and services. We collect contact
information (like their email address). Contact
information from the order forms is used to respond to
the visitor when necessary, or to provide them with the
information they have requested. In no way is this
information ever shared or distributed to outside
parties.
Disclaimers
NETR and NETRonline encourage all users to browse the
internet responsibly, and to heed these and all
subsequent disclaimers that may appear while navigating
from this site
Links
This site contains links to other sites. NETRonline is
not responsible for the privacy practices or the content
of such Web sites. You may establish a hypertext link to
this Web site so long as the link does not state or
imply any sponsorship of your site by NETRonline.
However, you may not, without the prior written
permission of NETRonline, frame any of the content of
the Service, or incorporate into another website or
other service any intellectual property of NETRonline.
Accounts and Secure Transactions
A portion of NETRonline allows a visitor to acquire
online products or services by secure credit card
transaction. When an purchase is made, NETRonline will
be acquiring your name, address, email, and password.
Basic order information is stored in our database: who,
what, when, how much. Credit Card transactions are
conducted using the authorizing service E Processing
Network. NETR and the domain netronline.com possess a
secure certificate from VeriSign that is used during
credit card transactions.
Two types of credit card transactions will be conducted
through NETRonline:
1) Pay as you go:
Each purchase is made by a separate credit card
transaction.
2) Account:
One initial purchase is made by either submitting funds
to NETRonline by postal mail, or by a secure online
credit card transaction. A running balance will be
maintained by NETRonline , from which future purchases
will be deducted. Balance information on a customer's
account will be securely stored in our database with the
other account information.
When a user wishes to terminate an account, all funds in
that account will be returned in 7-10 business days by
the method which they were submitted (either credited to
the credit card or returned by postal mail). To notify
NETRonline of your desire to terminate your account, you
may contact NETR Account Services.
*The data presented on this website was gathered from a variety of government sources. Nationwide Environmental
Title Research, LLC (NETR) makes no warranties expressed or implied as to the accuracy or completeness of this
data. This data is not to be construed as legal advice.
Home |
Privacy Policy |
Real Estate Calculators |
Advertise |
Site Map
Copyright 1999-2020 Nationwide Environmental Title Research, LLC