http://www.tax-news.com/asp/terms.asp
CONTINUEThis site uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more.
Menu
Front Page
Recent News
News by Topic
Jurisdictions
Features
Contributed Articles
Front Page
Recent News
News by Topic
International Tax
International Law
Politics & Economics
Offshore
Business
E-Commerce
Investment
Aviation
Marine
Jurisdictions
Australia
Bangladesh
Brazil
Canada
China
Dubai
France
Germany
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Italy
New Zealand
Pakistan
Philippines
Russia
South Africa
United Kingdom
United States
MORE
Features
Contributed Articles
Tax-News.com
Front Page
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website,
you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and
conditions of use, which together with our privacy
policy govern Tax-News's relationship with you in relation to this website.
If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not
use our website. The term 'Tax-News' or 'Tax-News.com' or 'us' or 'we' refers
to the owner of the website whose registered office is Wolters Kluwer (BSI) Limited, 145 London Road,
Kingston upon Thames, Surrey, KT2 6SR, UK.
The term 'you' refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information
and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as
to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability
of the information and materials found or offered on this website for
any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials
may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability
for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by
law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely
at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own
responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available
through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us.
This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look,
appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance
with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property
of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages
and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites.
These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information.
They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility
for the content of the linked website(s).
Tax-News Reviews
A review and forecast of Cyprus's international business, legal and investment climate.
Visit Cyprus Review »
A review and forecast of Malta's international business, legal and investment climate.
Visit Malta Review »
A review and forecast of Jersey's international business, legal and investment climate.
Visit Jersey Review »
A review of the latest budget news and government financial statements from around the world.
Visit Budget Review »
Stay Updated
Please enter your email address to join the Tax-News.com mailing list. View
previous newsletters.
SIGN UP TO OUR NEWSLETTER
By subscribing to our newsletter service, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.
To manage your mailing list preferences, please click
here »
Network Blogs and Features
Taxing The Zeroes And Ones »
Value Added News... »
Form a Wyoming Corporation - Guide »
Compliance on the Cards... »
While US Spins Its Wheels, European Wheels Keep Turning... »
Hong Kong International Focus »
All Change Please... or Plus Ca Change? »
Individual Taxpayers Still In Focus
»
Individual Taxpayers In The Spotlight »
Why is Hong Kong good for business? »