https://www.tolcocorp.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization or authorized sales representatives, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to facilitate product information, ship an order, etc.
Information you provide us directly:
We ask for certain information such as your name, company name, phone number and  e-mail address when you correspond with us using our website “Contact Us” Form. We may also retain any messages you send through this form, or may forward the form to an authorized manufacturer's representative or distributor as relevant to your requested information. We use this information to contact you about the information you request in your message. Your name, company name, phone number and e-mail address will be kept confidential and used only for correspondence directly between you and Tolco Corporation and/or our authorized manufacturer's representatives or distributors.
Commercial and marketing communications:
We use the information we collect or receive, such as your email address, to communicate directly with you. We may send you emails containing newsletters, promotions, and special offers. If you do not want to receive such email messages, you will be given the opportunity to opt out or change your preferences. We also use your information to send you service-related emails (e.g., account verification, purchase and billing confirmations and reminders, invoices, and changes/updates to services).
Sharing of Your Information:
We will not rent, sell or share your information with third parties outside of Tolco Corporation or our authorized Manufacturer's Representatives.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
E-mail:tolco@tolcocorp.com