http://www.medevoke.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Information We CollectThis section of our Privacy Policy explains the types of information we collect about you, including information that personally identifies you, as well as the methods employed to collect such information.Information we collect to improve our servicesMedEvoke, is committed to Users’ ongoing needs. Our goal is to constantly improve the quality and depth of the services we provide to Users on the Site. In order to continuously improve the Site, we need to learn from the way Users interact with our system. For example, we are interested in what features Users access frequently, how Users find out about the Site (e.g. if you linked to the Site from another Web site, the address of that Web site), and how we can use the information you provide to us (geographic location, previous searches, interests) to make search results more relevant to each individual User. We also store information about the technology you use to access the Site, such as the type of browser (e.g. Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome) and operating system (e.g. Windows, OS X) you use. We strive to provide a system that meets your needs and adapts to better serve you. Therefore, we store information about the way each User accesses and uses the Site, and we use this information to improve the services we provide to you.Finally, MedEvoke, collects information about our Users at the aggregate level. Some examples of aggregate information may include, without limitation, the number of Users utilizing the Site, the number of Users utilizing the Site within a particular specialty or geographic region, statistics on the number of times a particular search term was used, and the number of Users who accessed “opt in” portions of the Site. This information may be used in various ways to enhance the Site, and we may share anonymous versions of this information with third parties to improve and/or fund the services we provide to you. In cases of onward transfer to third parties of data of EU and Swiss individuals received pursuant to the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield, MedEvoke, is potentially liable.Information we collect to provide additional features and servicesFrom time to time, you will be asked to provide certain personal information. If provided, we will store such information, and you will not be anonymous to us. For example, we will ask you to provide and we will collect certain information at registration when you enter your member profile, which may include your name, business/practice name, and email address. At the time of registration, we will clearly label which information is required and which information you may optionally provide at your discretion. We may also ask you to provide additional information after registration in order to provide you with additional services and features.We recognize that some Users may want to access additional features provided by organizations other than MedEvoke, and that the structure and environment provided by the Site may uniquely complement or enhance those features. At the same time, we understand that many such services require Users to provide personal information. We are committed to protecting your personal information and providing you with unique opportunities through the Site. Therefore, to meet both goals, we may provide you with opportunities in which you may participate by electing to “opt in”. MedEvoke, will inform you when a particular feature would require you to “opt in”, and we will not share your personal information unless you explicitly grant us permission to do so.Several features on the Site allow you to post personal information that will be viewable to certain Users of the Site. For example, any information contained in a discussion board message, along with the message’s associated name will be viewable by certain registered Users. When posting messages on the discussion boards, you should not reveal anything that you want to keep private. If the information you are providing is going to be stored on our systems, we will notify you at the time of input.Use of cookiesCookies are a technology used by the Site to identify Users as they move through the Site. Your browser allows us to place some information on your computer’s hard drive that identifies the computer you are using. We use cookies to personalize the Site and to track your usage. Your web browser can be set to allow you to control whether you will accept cookies, reject cookies, or to notify you each time a cookie is sent to you. If your browser is set to reject cookies, websites that are cookie enabled will not recognize you when you return to the website, and some website functionality may be lost. The Help section of your browser will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting cookies.Although cookies do not normally contain personally identifiable information, if you are a registered User, we may associate your registration information with cookies the Site places on your computer’s hard drive. Associating a cookie with your registration data allows us to offer increased personalization and functionality. For example, you can elect to have the Site “remember” your username and password and bypass the signin process on each visit to the Site. Without cookies, this functionality would not be possible.How We Use Your InformationThis section of our Privacy Policy identifies the ways we use the information we collect about you.Information we may disclose for legal purposesUnder certain circumstances, MedEvoke, may be required to disclose information about particular Users when required by law. For example, we may be required to provide information in response to subpoenas or court orders. We may also provide information regarding particular Users in the event that we must establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. For example, we may disclose information if we are notified or suspect that a User or group of Users are engaging in illegal activities, fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or violations of our Terms of Use. We also may be required to disclose an individual’s personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. MedEvoke, takes both the privacy and the safety of our Users very seriously, and we will do our best to protect both.Links to other websitesThe Site integrates with and provides access to other websites and Internet resources (e.g., Yahoo, PubMed) to provide unparalleled integration of medical information sources. This Privacy Policy only pertains to the information you submit to the Site. Information you elect to submit to other websites or services by accessing optional features or leaving the Site is not protected by this Privacy Policy. Those features or websites may have their own policies, and we encourage you to review the privacy policies of the websites and services you access.Other disclosuresWhen you register, you will have the choice to have your personal information displayed to other Users, based on the degrees of separation that exist between you and the other Users. By opting to display your personal information with other Users, you are expressly authorizing other Users to contact you and send you messages. You may change your disclosure preferences at any time. We may transfer information about you in the event that MedEvoke, or substantially all of MedEvoke’s assets becomes owned or controlled by other individuals or entities.Protection of Collected Information and LimitationsThis section addresses the ways we safeguard your information as well as the limitations on such protection.Your communicationsThe Site provides an internal communication system so you can easily communicate with other Users on the Site. MedEvoke, respects the privacy and sensitivity of your communications. Because the messages exchanged on the Site reflect the beliefs and views of the Users who send them, MedEvoke, is not responsible for the content of the messages exchanged on our system. MedEvoke, is committed to a collegial and cooperative environment. If you receive or become aware of inappropriate (e.g. defamatory comments, harassment, threats, etc.) messages on the Site, please notify us immediately. To provide you this communication service, MedEvoke, must act as messenger between you and other Users. Therefore, when you click “Send” to submit a message on the Site, we interpret that act as your authorization for us to deliver that message. Please be careful when selecting recipients for your message, as we cannot “unsend” a message once you have sent it. If you choose to share your information with any other party, MedEvoke, is not responsible in any way for loss of privacy or any other claim relating to or arising from such disclosure.MedEvoke’s services facilitate the collection and distribution of medical advice and opinions among medical professionals. MedEvoke, requests that you carefully consider the advice you receive on the Site and that you take all precautions to protect the identity of your patients. In accordance with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) of 1996, please do not transmit or allow the transmission of any individually identifiable medical information without PRIOR authorization from the respective patient.EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy ShieldMedEvoke, complies with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Frameworks as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. MedEvoke, has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.In compliance with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles, MedEvoke, commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. European Union and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact MedEvoke, at:MedEvoke65 Main StHigh Bridge NJ 09929United StatesMedEvoke, has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles to BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, a nonprofit alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States and operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit www.bbb.org/EUprivacyshield/foreuconsumers/ for more information and to file a complaint.Please note that if your complaint is not resolved through these channels, under certain limited conditions you may invoke last resort binding arbitration before a Privacy Shield Panel.MedEvoke, is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)MedEvoke supports the strong data privacy protections and security principles brought forth in the EU’s GDPR. We obtain your explicit consent to process your data when you choose to set up an account on our website. You can remove your account and all other personal data from our system at any time by contacting us at support@medevoke.com.SecurityInformation you submit to MedEvoke, is encrypted using the Transport Layer Security (“TLS”) encryption standard. TLS is the industry standard means to protect sensitive, personal information (e.g. credit card numbers, bank account information) as it passes over the Web to a server. TLS does two things: (i) the encryption helps prevent information from being intercepted by a third party while in transit on the Web, and (ii) because a website must obtain a “digital certificate” to implement TLS, it authenticates that the server receiving your information is who it claims to be. MedEvoke, also uses care to protect your information once it is stored on our database. Unfortunately, no transmission of information over the Internet or local area networks can be guaranteed to be completely secure, but MedEvoke, has implemented industry standard security measures to protect your information.MedEvoke employeesEmployees of MedEvoke, are required to keep User information obtained in the performance of their duties under confidence. Only a limited number of employees are authorized to access your personal information. We require all employees to comply with the terms of our Privacy Policy.Managing Information We CollectThis section informs you of the procedures available for accessing your information as well as the choices you have regarding amending, deleting, or modifying your personal information.Access to information and choicesIf you believe that your personal information stored on the Site is in error, you may edit your personal profile any time directly on the Site. Requests for deletion of your record may result in your removal from the registry, but we may keep certain demographic information about you for product improvement purposes. You may contact Customer Support at support@medevoke.com and ask for the changes that you would like to make.MedEvoke, may revise or update this Privacy Policy at any time. Please periodically visit this page, and if you wish, print the latest version for your records. The information you submit and store on the Site will be subject to the current Privacy Policy. In the event that we make significant changes to our Privacy Policy, we will conspicuously post those changes and/or notify you. If you have any questions or comments, please contact us.Changes to our Privacy PolicyMedEvoke, reserves the right to modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at its discretion. If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes in this location. Continued use of our communities following any changes in our Privacy Policy indicates your consent to the amended Privacy Policy. If you would like your personal information removed following a change to the Privacy Policy, or if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you may contact by using our email address: support@medevoke.com.