http://www.medsafe.com/privacy
Privacy
Privacy Policy
MedSafe/Total Compliance Solutions, Inc. (TCS) is committed to protecting the privacy of the personally identifiable information that we collect from you as you use this website. The scope of our commitment is detailed in this Privacy Policy. By submitting information, you agree to MedSafe/TCS's use of such information as described below.
This is the website of MedSafe/Total Compliance Solutions, Inc.
Our postal address is:27 Mica Lane (Suite 208)Wellesley, MA 02481
We can be reached via e-mail at info@medsafe.com or you can reach us by telephone at: 781-237-9700.
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, and other personally identifiable information volunteered by the site visitor, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to notify you about updates to our website or is
used by us to contact you for marketing purposes.
From time to time, and only with prior consent, we may make information about our site visitors available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information with other companies or organizations, please send us an e-mail at info@medsafe.com, or contact us at the address and phone number listed above.
You may access, correct, update, and/or delete any personally identifiable information that you have submitted to the site. You may also unsubscribe from mailing lists or any registrations on the site. To do so, please either follow instructions on the page of the site on which you have provided such information or subscribed or registered, send us an e-mail at info@medsafe.com, or contact us at the address and phone number listed above.
MedSafe/TCS Inc has implemented generally accepted standards of technology and operational security in order to protect personally identifiable information from loss, misuse, alteration, or destruction. Only authorized MedSafe/TCS personnel are provided access to personally identifiable information, and these employees are required to treat this information as confidential. Despite these precautions, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized persons will not obtain access to your personally identifiable information. The site may use cookies to identify you and your interests and to track usage of the site. Cookies are small pieces of text stored on your computer that help us know which browser you are using, where you have been on the site, and websites to which you may link in order to use some of our features. Cookies also let us know whether you have registered with us and otherwise enable us to relate your current usage of the site to prior usage of this or other affiliates. By accepting our cookie, you will be permitted access to certain pages of the site without having to log in each time you visit. A user who does not accept the cookie from the site may not be able to access certain areas of the site. We also log IP addresses, or the location of computers on the Internet, to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer the site.
We may provide links to third-party websites as a service to our users. In addition, some of the content appearing to be on this site may occasionally be supplied by third parties, for example, in instances of framing of third-party websites or incorporation through framesets of content supplied by third-party servers. Please be aware that we cannot control, and are not responsible for, the information collection practices of such third-party websites, which may differ from those of this site. We encourage you to review and understand the privacy policies on these websites before providing any information to them.
MedSafe/TCS does not partner with, or have special relationships with, any ad server companies.
By using the site, you consent to the collection, use, and storage of your information by us in the manner described in this Privacy Policy and elsewhere on the site. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will alert you to any such changes by updating this Privacy Policy. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our website periodically.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, or if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at info@medsafe.com