https://www.starone.org/privacy/
For banking by telephone, to find an ATM, or to speak to a Star One phone representative for assistance with this website, please call us at 866-543-5202 or 408-543-5202.
Star One Mobile Banking
It's free and secure to use!
Get the Star One Mobile Banking app for your device.
It's free, intuitive, safe and secure to use!
View
Close
Skip navigation
Home
Rates
Applications & Forms
Branch Hours / Contact Us
ATMs & Locations
About Us
Enter search text:
Login
Close
Search
Close
Menu
Close
Scam and Fraud Alert
Please remember that Star One employees will never call you to verify or ask for your personal information.Hang up immediately if someone claiming to be a Star One employee asks for any banking information—such as your Online Banking login information, account numbers, card PINs, or one-time passcodes.A fraudster may try to reassure you that it's OK to share your information—please hang up, it's not OK.Several Star One members have received phone calls from a person claiming to be a Star One employee—with a caller ID forged to look like a Star One phone number—and whose goal is to gain access to members' bank accounts online.
User ID
Password
Login
»Enroll Now
»Login Assistance
Enter search text:
Online & Mobile Banking
Online & Mobile Banking
Online Banking
Mobile Banking
Voice Banking
Touchtone Teller
Bill Pay
ezDeposit
eStatements & eNotices
View FICO® Score
Wire Transfers
How to Move Money
Send Money with Zelle®
Mortgages & Other Loans
Mortgages & Other Loans
Mortgages
First-Time Home Buyer
Fixed-Rate Mortgage
Adjustable Rate Mortgage
5/5 Adjustable Rate Mortgage
10-Year Mortgage
Second Mortgage
Home Equity Loans and Lines
Investment Property Loans
Home Buying Workshop Videos
Connect with Real-Estate Agent
Mortgage Rate Modification
How to Pay Star One Loans
Check Home Loan Application
Student Loans
Student Loan Refinance
Car Loans
New Car Loans
Used Car Loans
Tesla Loans
Classic Car Loans
Car Loan Refinance
Enterprise Referral Program
RV and Motorhome Loans
Motorcycle Loans
Boat Loans
Personal Loans and Lines
Savings Secured Loans
Disaster Loans
Credit & Debit Cards
Credit & Debit Cards
Credit Cards
Visa Signature Rewards
Visa Platinum Rewards
Visa Platinum Best Rate
Visa Card Interest Rates
Visa Account Updater
Star One Rewards Program
Secure Remote Commerce
Digital Wallets
Visa Gift Card
Visa Debit Card
Card Security Information
Dispute a Charge
Checking , Savings & IRAs
Checking, Savings &	IRAs
Free Checking Account
Rewards Checking
Money Market Savings Account
Student Accounts
Certificate Accounts
Trust AccountsMinor AccountsOverdraft Coverage
Traditional IRAs
Roth IRAs
ESAs
Compare IRAs
Other Services
Your Accounts are Insured
Retirement Central
Planning Ahead
Open Your Account
Open Your Account
Who Can Join?
Why Join?
How to Join?
Refer a Friend
Open New Membership
Add an Account
Update Your Membership
Corporate Partners
Welcome New Members
Return to Your Saved Application
News & Resources
News & Resources
News
About Us
Careers
Calculators
Privacy Policy
Security
Disclosures
Best Credit Union
Learning Center
Educational Workshops
Newsletter
Scholarships
ID Theft Protection
Home
Rates
Applications & Forms
Branch Hours / Contact Us
ATMs & Locations
About Us
Account Login
Sign into Star One Online Banking. For banking by telephone, call us now at 1-866-543-5202.
Enter your User ID
Enter your Password
Login
»Enroll Now
»Login Assistance
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We recognize the importance of maintaining the confidentiality of your personal financial information.
Star One Credit Union’s Privacy Policy addresses key information about Star One Credit Union’s practices in collection and protecting the privacy of your personal information under federal law (Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act “GLBA” & CFPB Regulation P) and California law (California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 “CCPA”).
You have specific rights under both federal and California law and these rights are disclosed separately in the Federal law and California law sections below.
Federal Law Rev 12/2019
What does Star One Credit Union do with your personal information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand Star One Credit Union’s Privacy Policy.
At Star One Credit Union, we respect the privacy of our members. We recognize the importance of maintaining the confidentiality of your personal financial information. This notice describes the privacy policy and practices followed by Star One Credit Union. This notice explains what types of member information we collect and under what circumstances we may share it.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the accounts or services you have with us. This information can include:
Name, address, Social Security number, and income
Account balances and transaction history
Credit history and credit scores
When you are no longer our member, we will not share your information except as permitted or required by law as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share members’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their members’ personal information; the reasons Star One Credit Union chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Star One share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes—
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes—
to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes—
information about your transactions and experiences
No
We don't share
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes—
information about your creditworthiness
No
We don't share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We don't share
Questions?
Call 866.543.5202 or 408.543.5202, send us an email at service@starone.org or write to us at:
Star One Credit Union, PO Box 3643, Sunnyvale, CA 94088-3643
What we do
How does Star One Credit Union protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. We also restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees and officials who need to know the information to provide products or services to you.
How does Star One Credit Union collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
open an account or apply for a loan
apply for any credit union service
visit our website, provide us information on any online application or transaction, or information you send to us by email.
use your credit or debit card or pay your bills
make deposits to or withdrawals from your accounts
We also collect your personal information from others, including credit bureaus or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law only gives you the right to limit information sharing as follows:
sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
However, we do not have any affiliates with whom we share any information.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Star One Credit Union has no affiliates.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Star One Credit Union does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you except for our joint marketing arrangements.
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between Star One Credit Union and a nonaffiliated financial company where we jointly market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include financial services and insurance companies.
Other important information
Protecting Children's Private Information
Our online financial services are not designed for or directed toward children.
We do not knowingly solicit or collect data from children and we do not knowingly market to children online.
We recognize that protecting children’s identities and online privacy is important and that responsibility rests with us and with parents.
California Law Rev 12/2019
What is Personal Information?
Personal Information. Under the CCPA your “Personal Information” includes the following data that identifies, relates to or may be associated with you:
Demographic information (i.e., name, address, email),
A unique identifier, such as an IP address,
Account or Social Security Number,
Driver’s license or passport,
Personal property records,
Card numbers,
Access codes (PINs & passwords)
Online activity,
Biometric, geolocation, employment and education data,
Browsing and search history, and
Information concerning a consumer’s interaction with a website.
Personal information also includes information that is identifiable to your household.
Star One Credit Union Collection of Member
Personal Information
Categories of Member Personal Information We Collect
Your personal information that we collect may include:
Personal identifier information: name, email address, social security number, driver’s license number, access codes.
Account & transaction information: account number, card number, account information, transaction information, and credit information and required consents, opt-in & opt-out requests.
Where We Collect Member Personal Information
We collect the categories of personal information listed above when
you:
visit our website or submit an online application, conduct any branch, mail or
online transaction, use the Personal Finance Manager program or send us an e-mail, or phone inquiry.
Star One Credit Union Use & Sharing of Member
Personal Information
How We May Use Member Personal Information
We may use each category of personal information we collect for the following purposes:
To verify the identity of the person conducting the account transaction or inquiry with us or our service providers
To fulfill account or service requests that you initiate
To prevent fraud or meet legal requirements.
We have never sold and we will not sell any of your personal information to anyone.
How We May Share Member Personal Information
We may share your personal identifiable information with 1) our third-party service providers and payment processor to facilitate your services or transactions, or 2) other financial companies with whom we have a joint marketing agreement.
Your Rights to Protect Your Personal Information
Right to Request Access to Your Personal Information
You have a right to access your personal information that we have collected. Upon your request by mail, email or in person to the Credit Union, we will disclose any of the following information requested:
The categories of personal information collected;
The sources from which personal information was collected;
Our purpose for collecting the information;
The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information; and
The specific pieces of your personal information we have collected.
Right to Request Your Personal Information Be Deleted
You have the right to request that we delete personal information about you that we have collected. Upon your verifiable request by mail, email or in person to the Credit Union, we will delete the information and direct our service providers to delete the information from its records unless we or service provider needs the personal information. The following are the exceptions where the Credit Union and our service providers need the personal information to maintain and service your account and cannot delete the information:
To process your transactions for which the personal information was collected,
To provide the account or service requested,
To detect security incidents; protect against fraudulent, or illegal activity;
To identify and correct any Credit Union systems errors,
To comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act;
To operate the systems and applications to maintain your accounts and services,
To comply with a legal obligation or in a lawful manner compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
Right to Opt Out of the Sale of Your Personal Information
The Credit Union does not sell any member personal information to any third party.
Right to Equal Services & Pricing
You have the right to receive equal service and pricing from us even if you choose to exercise any of your privacy rights. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of the consumer’s rights, including:
denying accounts or services to you;
charging different prices or rates for accounts or services or imposing penalties;
providing a different level or quality of accounts or services to you or suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for accounts or services or a different level or quality of accounts or services.
How to Submit Requests to the Credit Union or Contact Us for More Information
You may submit your requests to the Credit Union as follows:
In person—at any Star One branch
Mail: Star One Credit Union, P.O. Box 3643 Sunnyvale, CA 94088-3643
Email: service@starone.org
You may designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf by providing us with your written authorization of the agent and nature of your request.
We will verify your request by using our current authentication practices including matching the identity information you provide with your request with your personal information we maintain on file.
Additional Online Privacy Protections
Use of Cookies. Star One Credit Union uses cookies when you visit our website. These cookies are essential for enabling user movement around our website and providing access to features such as your member-only resources, online banking, and other secure areas of the website. These cookies do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing purposes and do not remember where you have been on the internet and Star One does not track or sell this data. This category of cookies cannot be disabled.
California Do Not Track Disclosures. Certain web browsers offer a “Do Not Track” (DNT) option that permits users to select a preference not to have information about web browsing activities monitored and collected. Our website will not honor DNT signals from you and we will not monitor or collect information of your browsing activity.
Our Privacy Policy is posted on our website www.starone.org.
You can reach us: Toll-free at (866) 543-5202 or (408) 543-5202.
Privacy Policy Changes. We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy
at our discretion and at anytime. We will post our amended Privacy Policy on our website or otherwise notify you as required by law.
FAFSA: The Key to Unlocking Financial Aid—a free webinar: learn about federal student aid and how to complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) online
Beware of fraudulent Google ads—a recent ad in some Google search results was a link to a fake Star One website that intended to defraud members
Our fall newsletter is now online
Members financially impacted by wildfires may be eligible for special disaster-assistance loans
Wall Street Journal discusses mortgage loan modification, including Star One's program that has been available to members for over 20 years for a low fee
Six years in a row! Star One ranked #1 by the Credit Union National Association
View All News
About Us
Contact Us
Careers
Site Map
Privacy
Security
Disclosures
NMLS ID #456439
Financial Hardship Assistance
If you are using a screen reader or other auxiliary aid and have any difficulty using this website, please call 1-866-543-5202 for assistance.
No goods or services are available from this website to non-members of Star One Credit Union. It is for informational purposes only.
Any information available for non-members on this website is also available in our full-service physical locations.
© 2020 Star One Credit Union. All rights reserved.
X
Scam and Fraud Alert
Please remember that Star One employees will never call you to verify or ask for your personal information.Hang up immediately if someone claiming to be a Star One employee asks for any banking information—such as your Online Banking login information, account numbers, card PINs, or one-time passcodes.A fraudster may try to reassure you that it's OK to share your information—please hang up, it's not OK.Several Star One members have received phone calls from a person claiming to be a Star One employee—with a caller ID forged to look like a Star One phone number—and whose goal is to gain access to members' bank accounts online.