http://www.shoutfactory.com/terms
Shipping Note: Orders may take longer than usual to arrive as we take safety precautions in all our facilities
Shipping Note: Orders may take longer than usual to arrive as we take safety precautions in all our facilities
Terms of Use
Introduction
This Website (the “Site”) is owned and operated by Shout! Factory (SF) for your personal entertainment, information, education and communication. It is important to us that you, and our other visitors, have the best possible time while using our Site, and that when you use this Site you are fully aware of our respective legal rights and obligations. For that reason, we have created these Terms of Use (“Terms of Use”) as the legally binding terms to govern your use of this Site.
Please read these Terms of Use carefully before using the Site, because they affect your legal rights and obligations. By accessing and browsing the Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the Terms of Use.
SF may decide to change this Terms of Use policy from time to time in any way, at any time without notice. In that event, any such changes will be posted to this page. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current Terms of Use to which you are bound.
Privacy
Your visit to our site is also governed by our Privacy Policy
Restrictions on Use of Site and Materials
SF grants you a limited, revocable, nonexclusive license to use this site solely for your own personal use and not for republication, distribution, assignment, sublicense, sale, preparation of derivative works, or other use. The use of this website is at the discretion of SF, and we may terminate your use of this website at any time.
The Site contains material which is derived in whole or in part from material supplied by SF and other sources, and is protected by international copyright and trademark laws. No material (including but not limited to the text, images, audio and/or video) and no software (including but not limited to any images or files incorporated in or generated by the software or data accompanying such software) (individually and collectively the “Materials”) may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way or decompiled, reverse engineered or disassembled, except that you may download one copy of the Materials on any single computer for your personal, non-commercial home use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Modification of the Materials or use of the Materials for any other purpose is a violation of SF’s or such other sources’ copyright, trademark and other proprietary rights. The use of any such Materials on any other Website or networked computer environment is prohibited without SF’s express written consent.
Digital Content
SF offers downloads of digitized versions of audio and video recordings, artwork and information relating to such audio and video recordings, and other content (collectively, "Digital Content").
Rights Granted. Upon payment for Digital Content, we grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable right to use the Digital Content only for your personal, non-commercial, entertainment use.
Restrictions. You must comply with all applicable copyright and other laws in your use of the Digital Content. You may not redistribute, transmit, assign, sell, broadcast, rent, share, lend, modify, adapt, edit, license or otherwise transfer or use the Digital Content. We do not grant you any synchronization, public performance, promotional use, commercial sale, resale, reproduction or distribution rights for the Digital Content.
Submissions/Communications
SF has a company policy that does not allow SF to accept or consider creative ideas, suggestions or materials other than those SF has specifically requested or have developed internally. It is the intent of this policy to avoid the possibility of misunderstandings when projects developed by SF’s staff might seem to others to be similar to their own creative ideas, suggestions or materials.
If you do send us any creative materials, including creative suggestions, ideas, notes, drawings, concepts or other information, or if you transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise, communications including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like (collectively, the “Information”), the Information shall be deemed, and shall remain, the property of SF.
None of the Information shall be subject to any obligation of confidence on the part of SF, and SF shall not be liable for any use or disclosure of any Information. SF shall exclusively own any now known or hereafter existing rights to the Information of every kind and nature throughout the universe and shall be entitled to unrestricted use of the Information for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without compensation to the provider of the Information.
Returns & Exchanges
Shout! Factory strives for complete customer satisfaction. We accept returns within 30 days of receipt of unopened CDs, DVDs and Blu-rays. Merchandise that is in the original packaging and is unworn and unwashed may also be returned within 30 days of receipt. Please contact customer service prior to returning an item, as a return authorization number will be required. Returns must be sent to the address provided below with a note that includes your full name, address, contact information, return authorization number and any other instructions. Returns cannot be accepted at the Shout! Factory main office. Shout! Factory will refund the full purchase amount (including applicable sales tax, but excluding shipping and handling fees). We regret that we are unable to refund any shipping and handling charges unless the return is a result of our error. The customer is responsible for the shipping charges to return item(s), and it is highly recommended that a service that utilizes delivery confirmation be contracted. Please note that Shout! Factory cannot be held responsible for items lost or damaged while being shipped for return or exchange. For items lost or damaged while being returned, please contact your carrier directly.
Please note that products purchased from a retail store or online retailer are subject to the returns and exchange policy of that location. We do not take returns of products purchased from anywhere except from our Web site.
Our customer service is open 9 a.m. – 5 p.m. Pacific Time Monday through Friday. You can reach us by email at info@shoutfactory.com.
Gifts may be exchanged for items of equal or lesser value. The customer is responsible for contacting customer service to arrange an exchange and for the shipping costs associated with the return of unopened and undamaged product back to the return center for Shout! Factory. Refunds can only be made in the original form of payment and only to the original purchaser.
Please address all returns to:
Clark and RiggsAttn: Shout! Factory Returns1705 West Jefferson StreetLouisville, KY 40203
BE CERTAIN TO INCLUDE ALL OF THE INFORMATION REQUESTED ABOVE AND INCLUDE THE RETURN AUTHORIZATION NUMBER.
Defective Merchandise
We will normally replace defective merchandise. Please contact customer service first before returning defective merchandise, and only return it to us upon request. Occasionally, due to player incompatibility issues, a DVD or Blu-Ray player will not play a DVD or Blu-ray release correctly. This is a rare occurrence, but it does happen. Before contacting us to claim a disc is defective, please try the product in more than one player. If the disc appears defective in more than one player, please contact us, and we will likely mail a replacement disc. If you have purchased a multidisc set and more than one disc appears to be defective, we may require return of the set. If you have purchased a multidisc set from a retail store or online retailer and more than one disc appears to be defective, please return it to that retailer according to their return policy.
Limitation of Liability/Disclaimer
If you are dissatisfied with any of the Materials contained in the Site, or with any of these Terms and Conditions, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue accessing and using the Site.
To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, neither SF nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the Site.
Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the site is provided to you “as is,” without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties or merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.
You specifically acknowledge and agree that SF is not liable for any defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of any user.
SF also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site (including any so-called “bulletin board”) or your downloading of any Materials from the Site.
Menu
Store Home
Film
TV
Music
Kids
Shout! Blog
New Releases
Sitemap
Sign Up
Company
Company Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
CA Privacy Rights
Terms of Use
FAQ
Order Support
Social
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
YouTube
Tumblr
Newsletter
Copyright © 2020 Shout! Factory. All rights reserved.
close