http://www.ryanco.com/privacy/
Privacy
Ryan recognizes and is committed to compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) promulgated by the European Union (EU) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) promulgated by the California State Legislature. Please click here to view Ryan’s Privacy Notice for California Residents.
Please click here to view and print Ryan’s Data Subject Access Form.
Ryan has created this privacy statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. Our information gathering and dissemination practices for http://www.ryan.com are outlined below.To assist us in gathering information needed to grow a useful and interesting site, we collect visitation data utilizing cookies. On a user's first visit, a cookie is placed on the user's machine and is then recognized by our Site on each subsequent visit. This helps us to identify new and returning visitors. The information collected with the cookies issued by this Site includes the IP addresses from which users access our Site, the date and time of their visits, the URLs of the pages that they view, and the browser used to view the Site. We do not identify individual users or their searches, nor do we enable cookies to gather users' personal information. No information gathered on our Site is shared, sold, rented, or traded outside Ryan.This Site contains links to other websites. Ryan is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.SecurityThis Site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Ryan has network-wide security measures in place to ensure your privacy. Our Internet service provider also has security precautions in place to protect you.We do not use any information submitted by you for marketing purposes. Ryan does not sell, trade, or lend any information collected. Where identifying information is asked, it is used only for responding to users' comments or questions and is not made available for other purposes.Candidate Privacy NoticeWe consider the information you have provided to be confidential and commit to:
Use this information only for the purpose of recruitment;
Refrain from sharing your information with others for purposes that are not related to recruitment;
Retain your information only for the length of time necessary to complete our recruitment cycle; and
Comply with state and federal laws related to applicant tracking and document retention.
By submitting your resume to Ryan, you authorize us to use and share it appropriately in connection with our standard recruiting practices. This could include providing your information to a third-party vendor retained to conduct background checks and validate data accuracy.Please ensure that you do not provide us with any information or graphics that inappropriately disclose personal information protected by state and federal laws. For example, do not include a photograph of yourself, or specify your gender, race, religion, political beliefs, etc. Instead, provide information that accurately reflects your education, certifications, employment history, honors, and skills.Correct or Update Submitted InformationTo change or modify any information previously provided, please e-mail to info@ryan.com.Contacting the WebsiteIf you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact us at:RyanThree Galleria Tower13155 Noel RoadSuite 100Dallas, Texas 75240-5090972.934.0022info@ryan.com