http://www.idfa.org/privacy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
IDFA believes in your right to privacy when using our website. We will adhere to the following policies aimed at protecting your privacy on our site.
We will explicitly ask you when we need information that
personally identifies you or allows us to contact you ("personal
information"). This information may be requested when you register for our
events or services, purchase our publications or at other times as special
opportunities arise.
If we obtain personal information from you, we will not sell
it to third parties. It may be used internally by IDFA as part of our
merchandising and promotion programs. You may stop the delivery of
informational or promotional email from us by following the instructions on the
email delivering the information. Members completing online forms may be
included in the IDFA Membership Directory or online Buyers' Guide.
We may disclose non-personally identifiable compilations of
information to third parties for marketing-related purposes. If we intend to
share your personal information in a non-aggregated form with companies, such
as sponsors of IDFA events, we will provide you with instructions on how to
decline this service.
If you provide personal information to any entity that is
linked to this site, you should consult their privacy statement for information
on their policies in this regard. IDFA is not responsible for the use of the
information by those entities.
We may disclose personal information if required to do so by
law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to a) conform to
the requirements of the law or comply with legal process served on us or our
affiliates; b) protect and defend our rights or property or those of our users;
and c) act as necessary to protect the personal safety of our users or the
public.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement,
please email webmaster@idfa.org.
Go
About Us
IDFA Team
IDFA Membership
Governance and Committees
Awards
Programs & Campaigns
Dairy Innovates
Dairy Nourishes
Dairy Delivers
Legal Community
Live & Active Cultures Seal
Partner Programs
People Strategy
- HR Leaders in Dairy
- NextGen Leadership Program
- Women in Dairy
Safe Ice Cream
Newsroom
Media Center
Press Releases
Blogs
Podcast
Media Kits
Logo and Brand Guidelines
Knowledge Center
Manuals
Webinars
Research & White Papers
Videos
Resource Links
Events
Events Calendar
Conferences
Webinars
Sponsorship
Customized Training
Issues & Advocacy
Get Involved
Appropriations
Farm Bill
Federal Milk Marketing Orders (FMMO)
Nutrition
Standards & Labeling
Sustainability
Trade
Transportation
Workforce
;
Register for Dairy Forum 2021 today to take advantage of great rates starting at just $795!