http://www.rimexmetals.com/page/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Rimex Metals Group (‘Rimex’ or the ‘Company’) is committed to securely managing the personal data that it holds and processes including that of its customers, sales and marketing leads, suppliers, contractors and service providers, staff, workers, job applicants etc. This is both under the responsibilities of the General Data Protection Regulations (‘GDPR’) and other relevant legislation.
Rimex will not pass on to third parties any information collected as a result of form submissions by users of this site unless you have given consent.
Rimex is committed to its data security responsibilities, including the need to demonstrate compliance, high standards of information security, privacy and transparency.
The Company will comply with all applicable GDPR regulations including as a data processor, while also working closely with our customers and partners to meet contractual obligations for our procedures, products and services.
The use of cookies on this site is not to collect individual user data. Cookies are used to enhance and ease the user's navigation and to avoid duplication of page presentation. Logs files are maintained to record visitor usage of pages to enable improvements in content and layout of the site.
Compliance will be supported by regular review of existing data and its security.
Rimex’s Data Protection Controller will inform, advise and monitor compliance.
The Company will implement tools, as appropriate from time to time, that support the process and will provide necessary security and ongoing delivery of objectives.
From time to time Rimex may use the information provided by user's form submissions to send emails of new Projects or Products. Any emails sent by Rimex Metals Group will include the facility to request removal of your details from our database.
Should you have any questions regarding this policy or how we process personal information please contact Barbara Brandt on 0208-804-0633.