http://www.brokerschool.com/course-information/privacy-policy/
Jim Montrym’s National Loan Originator School Customer Internet Privacy Statement.
Protecting your privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help you understand how Jim Montrym’s National Loan Originator School collects, uses and safeguards the personal information you provide to us through all aspects of our website (www.brokerschool.com) and any other method by which you may provide us with any personal Information (phone, fax, email, etc).
I. Information Collection.
We collect only the basic personal information needed to register for classes: Name, Email, Phone Number, NMLS Unique Identification Number.
II. Information Usage.
The information that we do collect from you through registration will only be used for the course that you register for. This includes payment information. Once the transaction is completed we cannot obtain the credit card information again.
III. Opt-Out.
As our customer you may “opt out” at anytime from receiving any information from our school in the future by providing your email address and clicking on any of the choices at the bottom of this page.
We will send you a confirmation of receipt of your “opt-out” via email.
You can make changes to your “opt-out” selection by simply emailing the school at any time, unsubscribe@brokerschool.com
IV. Consumer Inquiries.
If you have any further inquiries or concerns about our privacy policy and what it means you may either email us at info@brokerschool.com or call us at 800-735-8565.
All changes to your account transaction information should be submitted in writing by email, fax, or mail.
Email Address: info@brokerschool.com
Fax Number: 813-885-6931
Mailing Address: PO Box 24202, Tampa, FL 33623
V. Information Protection.
Our school is committed to protecting the Personal Information you share with us. All sensitive personal data is actually entered into the following 3rd party websites and protected by their internet security policy.
Cisco Webex – (Privacy Policy) used for course registration. All information entered in the registration section is protected by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology. Cisco does utilize a combination of industry-standard security technologies, procedures, and organizational measures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its security. It is recommended that you take every precaution in protecting your Personal Information when you are on the Internet. For example, change your passwords often, use a combination of letters and numbers when creating passwords, and make sure you use a secure browser. Please visit the Linksys website for more tips for using security features when connected to the Internet using a router.
Paypal – (Privacy Policy) used for payment of courses and materials. Chosen for their high security measures. Paypal’s verbiage on security “Throughout this policy, we use the term “personal information” to describe information that can be associated with a specific person and can be used to identify that person. We do not consider personal information to include information that has been anonymized so that it does not identify a specific user.
We store and process your personal information on our computers in the US and elsewhere in the world where PayPal facilities are located, and we protect it by maintaining physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in compliance with applicable US federal and state regulations. We use computer safeguards such as firewalls and data encryption, we enforce physical access controls to our buildings and files, and we authorize access to personal information only for those employees who require it to fulfill their job responsibilities.”
VI. Policy Changes.
Any changes to this policy can be found at http://www.brokerschool.com/privacy.php
Opt-Out Form
Your Name:
Your Email:
Do not email me with pertinent MLO Requirements or Changes
Do not email me with Education Requirement Reminders
Do not mail me with pertinent MLO Requirements or Changes
Do not mail me Education Requirements Reminders
JOIN OUR NEWSLETTER
I agree to have my personal information transfered to MailChimp ( more information )
Signup now and receive emails with industry updates, Education Reminders and DISCOUNT on classes.
We hate spam. Your email address will not be sold or shared with anyone else.
Course Information Schedules / Register
Training Materials
Privacy Policy
Refund Policy
Testimonials
Useful Links Login To Your Class
NMLS Website
FL State Website
Our New Blog
Recent Posts
Schedule Classes
FHA to require full underwrite for scores less than 580
HUD vs Facebook : Housing Discrimination
Qualified Mortgage DTI vs FNMA/FHMLC DTI
Will CFPB allow MLO Comps to change
Categories
Courses
Industry Information
Industry Partners
Industry Partners (processing, compliance)
Jim's Blog
Archives
June 2019
April 2019
February 2019
January 2019
December 2018
September 2018
August 2018
October 2016
August 2016
June 2016
May 2016
April 2016
March 2016
January 2016
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
December 2014
November 2014
January 2014
July 2013