http://www.carstickers.com/terms-and-conditions/
Home Terms and Conditions
Terms and ConditionsLast updated: May 12, 2016Please read these Terms and Conditions ("Terms", "Terms and Conditions") carefully before using the https://www.carstickers.com website (the "Service") operated by Car Stickers, Inc ("us", "we", or "our").Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned upon your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who wish to access or use the Service.By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you do not have permission to access the Service.PurchasesIf you wish to purchase any product or service made available through the Service ("Purchase"), you may be asked to supply certain information relevant to your Purchase including, without limitation, your credit card number, the expiration date of your credit card, your billing address, and your shipping information.You represent and warrant that: (i) you have the legal right to use any credit card(s) or other payment method(s) in connection with any Purchase; and that (ii) the information you supply to us is true, correct and complete.The service may employ the use of third party services for the purpose of facilitating payment and the completion of Purchases. By submitting your information, you grant us the right to provide the information to these third parties subject to our Privacy Policy.We reserve the right to refuse or cancel your order at any time for reasons including but not limited to: product or service availability, errors in the description or price of the product or service, error in your order or other reasons.We reserve the right to refuse or cancel your order if fraud or an unauthorized or illegal transaction is suspected.Availability, Errors and InaccuraciesWe are constantly updating product and service offerings on the Service. We may experience delays in updating information on the Service and in our advertising on other web sites. The information found on the Service may contain errors or inaccuracies and may not be complete or current. Products or services may be mispriced, described inaccurately, or unavailable on the Service and we cannot guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any information found on the Service.We therefore reserve the right to change or update information and to correct errors, inaccuracies, or omissions at any time without prior notice.AccountsWhen you create an account with us, you guarantee that you are above the age of 18, and that the information you provide us is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Inaccurate, incomplete, or obsolete information may result in the immediate termination of your account on the Service.You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, including but not limited to the restriction of access to your computer and/or account. You agree to accept responsibility for any and all activities or actions that occur under your account and/or password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in our sole discretion.Intellectual PropertyThe Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Car Stickers, Inc and its licensors. The Service is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of Car Stickers, Inc.Links To Other Web SitesOur Service may contain links to third party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Car Stickers, Inc.
Car Stickers, Inc has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. We do not warrant the offerings of any of these entities/individuals or their websites.You acknowledge and agree that Car Stickers, Inc shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such third party web sites or services.We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third party web sites or services that you visit.TerminationWe may terminate or suspend your account and bar access to the Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, under our sole discretion, for any reason whatsoever and without limitation, including but not limited to a breach of the Terms.If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using the Service.All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.Materials that you transmitYou, and not Car Stickers, Inc., are solely responsible for all text, photos, images, data, audio, video, and other materials of any kind (“Submissions”) that you upload, post, email or otherwise transmit (collectively, “transmit”) via any portion of the Website. By transmitting your Submissions to Car Stickers, Inc., you are certifying to us that you have the right to use and submit the Submissions and to authorize us to create the Products you order. You agree not to use the Website to transmit: any Submissions that are unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, or invasive of another’s privacy; impersonate any person or entity, or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity; any materials that you do not have a legal right to make available or that infringe any patent, trademark trade secret, copyright or other proprietary right of any party; any junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes or materials that contain viruses or other harmful components; or harvest or otherwise collection information about others. You accept full legal liability for the content of material processed and printed on your behalf and under your instructions.Car Stickers, Inc. does not endorse the contents of any Submissions and expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with Submissions. We do not pre-screen or monitor Submissions. However, we have the right at our sole discretion to remove or delete any Submissions that you Transmit or attempt to Transmit, to terminate your access to the Website, to close your account, and to reject any orders, all without giving our reason for doing so.Car Stickers, Inc. is not responsible for the loss or damage of your Submissions. We are not obligated to store and preserve your Submission. We may delete all Submissions as soon as Products have been shipped. If you desire a copy of your Submission, you should arrange to independently record or preserve your Submission.When you use the Website or order Products, you represent and warrant that all required registration information you submit is truthful and accurate, and that you will maintain the accuracy of such information. You must provide a valid email address and any other information requested by Car Stickers, Inc. to complete your order. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Car Stickers, Inc. login information and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your account. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and password. We cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage from your failure to comply with this security obligation. You agree to immediately notify Car Stickers, Inc. of any unauthorized use or suspected unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security.You agree to let us, in our sole discretion, display your Submissions and finished Products on our website and our social media accounts.IndemnificationYou hereby agree to indemnify and hold harmless Car Stickers, Inc. and its owners, managers, directors, officer, employees, agents and affiliates, from and against any and all liability, cost and expense, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising from or related to any Submissions that you Transmit, or your violation of these Terms of Use, or your use or misuse of the Website or Products.Submissions of other usersYou acknowledge that in using the Website you will be exposed to Submissions of other users and that Car Stickers, Inc. is not responsible for the content of those Submissions. You further acknowledge that you may be exposed to Submissions of other users that are inaccurate, offensive, indecent or otherwise problematic or objectionable.Governing LawThese Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Oregon, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had between us regarding the Service.ChangesWe reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.By continuing to access or use our Service after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the Service.Contact UsIf you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.