http://www.visscherspecialty.com/privacy-policy
Home
About Us
Products
Accessories
Features
Support
Dealer Login
STORE LOCATOR
FRANÇAIS
The Ultimate Outdoor Living Space to Unite Family and Friends
STORELOCATOR
Home
About Us
Products
Accessories
Features
Support
Dealer Login
Français
LegalPrivacy Policy
Terms of Use
CALL US TOLL-FREE AT
1.877.795.7423
OR SEND US A MESSAGE HERE
This Privacy Policy sets out the privacy policies and practices for Visscher Specialty Products (the “Visscher”) with respect to the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information in connection with www.visscherspecialty.com (the “Website”). This Privacy Policy may be updated by Visscher giving reasonable notice of the revised terms (including by e-mail or by posting on the Website), and this Privacy Policy may be supplemented or modified by agreements entered into between Visscher and an individual from time to time. In this Privacy Policy, “personal information” means any information about an identifiable individual, as further defined under applicable Canadian laws.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
Visscher may collect personal information from a user of the Website (the “Site User”) when the Site User uses Visscher website. Visscher may use such personal information as is reasonably required to process the Site User’s registration for the Website and/or to provide information and other features on the website that may be useful to the Site User.
Contact information that the Site User provides to the Website may be used to contact him or her in connection with the Website. For instance, depending on which services the Site User has subscribed to and which privacy preferences the Site User has indicated to Visscher, Visscher may use the Site User’s contact information to provide notices regarding changes to the Website or regarding new or updates to the services or products.
Visscher may collect and analyze non-personal information to evaluate how visitors use the Website, including non personal information about usage and service operation that is not associated with a specific personal identity. Visscher also automatically receives and records information on Visscher’s server logs, which information may include the Site User’s computer’s IP address and “cookie” information. Visscher uses the Site User’s IP address to help identify the Site User, gather broad demographic information about Visscher’s users, diagnose problems with Visscher’s systems, and administer the Website. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on the Site User’s computer and cannot read data off of the Site User’s computer. The only information a cookie can collect is information supplied by the Site User.
Visscher collects demographic and profile data in connection with the Website and uses such data to tailor each Site User’s experience at the Website and displaying the content according to the Site User’s preferences.
Visscher may use customer information for additional purposes that may be identified at or before the time that the information is collected. Visscher will hold the personal information only as long as necessary for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy or as required or permitted by law.
Visscher may share personal information with third-party subcontractors and agents who work on Visscher’s behalf and third party service providers to who provide advice and services in relation to the website or in relation to products or services featured on the website. Such third parties do not have the right to use personal information beyond what is necessary to assist Visscher and they are contractually obliged to maintain confidentiality and security of the personal information and are restricted from using such information in any way not expressly authorized by Visscher.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Visscher may disclose personal information as follows:
to third party service providers and to affiliated entities in order to carry out work on behalf of Visscher in relation to the website,
to law enforcement agencies for the purposes of investigating fraud or other offences,
to legal, financial, insurance, and other advisors or in connection with the sale, reorganization, or management of all or part of its business or operations, and
as consented to by the Site User from time to time, including to fulfill any other purposes that are identified when the personal information is collected.
Visscher will not use or disclose personal information for purposes other than those for which it was collected, except with the Site User’s consent or as required or permitted by law. Consent may be express or implied, and given in writing by using or not using a check-off box, electronically, orally, or by the Site User’s conduct, such as accessing the Website and/or use of the services or products provided by the Website.
Storage of Personal Information
Personal information collected by the Website is stored on servers in the United States. The personal information may also be managed by a third party processor on Visscher’s behalf. While the law in the United States is less stringent than the laws applicable to Canada, Visscher will process and transmit the Site User’s personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable data protection or privacy legislation.
While in another jurisdiction for processing, the information may be accessed by the courts, law enforcement, and national security authorities.
Cookies and IP Addresses
The Website is entitled to use cookies to deliver content according to the Site User’s preferences and to save the Site User’s password so that the Site User is not required to re-enter it while the Site User uses the Website.
Links
The Website may contain links to other websites. Visscher is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. The Site User should review the privacy policies of the websites that he or she visits. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Visscher with respect to the Website.
Security
Visscher protects against the loss, misuse, and alteration of personal information with security measures appropriate to the sensitivity of the information, including through the use of physical, organizational, and technological measures and appropriate training of employees. However, it is possible that any information transmitted via the Internet may be intercepted by unknown third parties. Visscher is not responsible for the transmission of personal information that is disclosed or becomes transmitted through no omission or act of Visscher.
Opt-Out
When appropriate, Site Users are given the opportunity to (i) opt-out of receiving communications from Visscher, (ii) remove their personal information from Visscher’s records, or (iii) elect to no longer receive services from Visscher. If the Site User wishes to opt-out of receiving further communications, please contact Visscher’s by email or phone using the contact information provided below.
Corrections/Contact
The Site User may contact Visscher to modify or correct any of his or her personal information that is under Visscher’s control.
Contact
If the Site User has any questions about this Privacy Policy, Visscher’s privacy practices in connection with this Website, or Visscher’s collection, use, disclosure, or retention of the Site User’s personal information in connection with this Website, including with respect to use of service providers in the United States, please contact Visscher as follows:
Address: 6545 Lickman Road Chilliwack, BC Canada V2R 4A9
Email: info@visscherspecialty.com
Visscher ProductsOpen AirProtect your guests from the elements and let the warm breeze through
Semi EnclosedAdd some privacy to your outdoor living space
Fully EnclosedExtend your home to the beautiful outdoors
My wife and I purchased our Jacuzzi hot tub and Visscher gazebo package from Club Piscine Ottawa last year and love how they complete our yard! The quality and service has been excellent and we were able to enjoy our tub all winter no matter the weather, thanks to the gazebo! We’d recommend a Visscher product to anyone wanting a backyard structure.
Jason M., Ottawa, Ontario, Canada
Home
About Us
Products
Accessories
Features
Support
Dealer Login
© 2018 VISSCHER SPECIALTY PRODUCTS |
PRIVACY POLICY
|
TERMS OF USE
|
NORTH AMERICAN TOLL FREE: 1.877.795.7423 |
6545 Lickman Road Chilliwack, BC V2R 4A9
*PRODUCT MAY BE SUBJECT TO BUILDING CODE REQUIREMENTS. IT IS THE CONSUMER’S RESPONSIBILITY TO INFORM THEMSELVES OF ANY RESTRICTIONS PRIOR TO PURCHASE.