https://www.pressmantoy.com/terms-of-use/
Home
Products
Parts & Refills
Where to Buy
Questions?
Videos
Select categoryKids GamesFamily GamesTri-OminosRummikubMastermindPuzzlesHarry PotterDiary of a Wimpy KidWild Kratts
Age
0-34-78-1213-1818+All
Terms of use
Terms of use
About Pressman Founded in 1922 Pressman Toys has been delighting families for decades with classic games such as Mastermind, Rummikub, Tri-Ominos and innovative licensed products!
Learn More
International Sites Netherlands
Spain
Germany
France
Australia
ServiceTerms of use
Privacy policy
Inventor Relations
Donation Requests
Careers
Social media
We use cookies on this website. A cookie is a simple and small file that is sent with pages on this website and is saved by the web browser on your computer. You can explore what cookies we use and disable them in Settings.
Accept
HomeProductsParts & RefillsWhere to BuyQuestions?Videos
Privacy Overview
Necessary Cookies
Powered by GDPR plugin
Privacy Overview
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) explains how Pressman Toy Corporation, and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies that operate within the United States (“Pressman Toy Corporation”) collect, use and disclose your personal information. This Policy applies to information we collect when you use our websites, mobile applications and other online products and services where this Policy is posted (collectively, the “Services”).
We may change the provisions of this Policy at any time and will indicate when changes have been made by revising the date at the top of this Policy. Your use of the Services, or any portion thereof, following the posting of such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes. We encourage you to review this Policy whenever you access the Services to make sure that you understand our information collection, use and disclosure practices. If we make material changes to this Policy, we will provide you with additional notice of such changes and request your affirmative consent before using or sharing previously collected information in a materially different way. If we make material changes to how we use personal information collected from children under 13, we will notify parents by email in order to obtain verifiable consent for the new uses of the child’s personal information.
If you are a parent or guardian and are interested in knowing more about Pressman Toy Corporation’s policy regarding the collection of information from children, we recommend reviewing the Note to Parents below.
What information does Pressman Toy Corporation collect?
Information That You Provide
Pressman Toy Corporation may collect information that you provide when you use the Services, such as when you: (1) participate in contests, events or promotions; (2) send questions or comments via email; (3) submit your resume to us online; (4) fill out online surveys; (5) otherwise communicate with us through the Services; or (6) provide information necessary to obtain parental consent. The types of personal information that you provide may include your name, email address, parent’s or guardian’s name, parent’s or guardian’s email address, telephone number, postal address and other contact or identifying information that you choose to provide. We may also collect your gender, toy and game ownership and preferences when you provide this information at the same time as your name or other contact or identifying information, or we may combine these data points with your personal information in the future. If you are under the age of 13, only your parent or guardian can provide any personal information to us for purposes of registration and other online activities. See Note to Parents below for more information.
Information We Collect Automatically From You
When you access or use our Services, we may also automatically collect information about you. For example, when you visit our websites, we collect information about your computer’s operating system, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, access times, browser type and language and the URL of the website you visited before navigating to our Services. If you access our Services via a mobile device, we may also collect your first name or username (depending on which you would like to use), device make and model, mobile carrier, operating system version, language your device is set to, mobile web browser type and version, the country in which you are using your device, and analytics used to collect aggregate data on app usage, downloads, number of users, sessions, frequency of use, retention, territories, and in-game events.
We do not ask you for, access, or track any location-based information, other than country-level information, from your mobile device at any time while downloading or using our mobile applications or services. We will collect your country-specific location so that we are able to provide you the appropriate version of the application.
To collect this information, we use the technologies identified below:
Cookies: Cookies are small data files stored on your computer or mobile device by a website. Among other things, cookies help us improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular, and count visits. In addition, when you view a video on our Services, we may set a “flash cookie” (sometimes called a “flash object”) on your computer or device. For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see “What are my information choices?” below.
Clear GIFs: Clear GIFs, sometimes called “web bugs” or “web beacons,” are small electronic images that are placed on a web page or in an email message. We use clear GIFs to monitor user behavior, deliver cookies, collect information, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and to tell if a recipient has opened and acted upon an email.
Log Files: Log files record website activity on our Services and enable us to gather statistics about our users’ browsing habits. These entries help Pressman Toy Corporation determine (among other things) how many and how often users have accessed or used our services, which pages of our services they’ve visited, and other similar data.
We may associate the information we collect from these technologies with other personal information that you provide for the purposes described in this Policy.
Information We Collect from Third Parties
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our services. For example, if you create or log into your account through a third-party social networking site, we will have access to certain information from that site, such as your name, account information and friends, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such third-party social networking site.
Website Analytics
We use analytics services and software provided by third parties to help us understand how users access and use the services. These tools and services place cookies, web beacons and other devices or technologies on our services to enable them to track traffic data. The data collected typically includes information such as your IP address, your Internet Service Provider, your web browser, the time spent on web pages, and the links clicked. We use this information to improve our services and your experience, to see which areas and features of our Services are popular, and to count visits.
Mobile Analytics
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our mobile software on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, and performance data. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you submit within the mobile application.
How does Pressman Toy Corporation use my information?
Use of Information
We use personal information collected through our services for purposes described in this Policy or otherwise disclosed to you on or in connection with our Services. For example, we may use your information to:
Send you advertising or promotional materials, including information about new products, contests, features and enhancements, special offers and other events of interest from Pressman Toy Corporation and our select partners;
Operate and improve our Services;
Provide and deliver the products and services you request, process transactions, and to send you related information, including confirmations and invoices;
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer Service;
Monitor and evaluate trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services;
Personalize and improve the Services, content, communications or features that match user profiles or interests;
Link or combine with other information we get from third parties to help understand your needs and provide you with better service;
Monitor performance of the website and applications, overall usage and user retention rates, track how users are engaging in games and forms, identify which application features are least and most utilized, identify problem areas within the application, and inform design development for future updates.
Pressman Toy Corporation may store and process personal information in the United States and other countries. With whom does Pressman Toy Corporation share my personal information?
Sharing of Information
We do not share your personal information with third parties other than as described in this Policy or in connection with the Services, including:
With your consent, including if we notify you through our services that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information;
With third party consultants and other service providers who are working on our behalf and need access to your information to carry out their work for us. These entities have agreed to maintain the confidentiality, security, and integrity of the personal information they obtain from us, and unless we notify you otherwise and provide you with an opportunity to opt-out, these third parties will not use your personal information for any purpose other than as described in this policy.
When we believe it is necessary or appropriate to (i) comply with applicable law or legal process or to respond to lawful requests or legal authorities; (ii) protect the rights and property of Pressman Toy Corporation and our employees, agents, users and other third parties, including to enforce our agreements, policies, Terms of Use and protect against fraudulent, abusive, inappropriate, or unlawful use of our Services; and (iii) protect the safety of Pressman Toy Corporation our users or any third party; and in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, bankruptcy or reorganization, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
We may also share aggregated information or information that we have collected from you while on our website, including on co-branded pages and where we have taken reasonable measures to de-identify such information.
Social Sharing Features
The services may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Facebook “Like” button or widgets), which let you share actions you take on our Services with other media, and vice versa. The use of such features may enable the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides these features. These features may also collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Services, and may set a cookie to enable the features to function properly. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the third parties that provide these features.
Linking to Third Party Sites
To provide relevant information not found on our Services, to facilitate online shopping, and to allow you to interact with other websites and/or applications in which you may have accounts (such as Facebook and other social media sites), Pressman Toy Corporation may provide links or embed third-party applications that allow login from our Services to third party websites. Pressman Toy Corporation will notify users when they are leaving the Services or otherwise indicate that you will be going to a third-party’s site. Your use of these third party websites and/or applications is subject to the third parties’ privacy policies, and we encourage you to read the third parties’ privacy policies before submitting personal information or using the websites and/or applications.
What are my information choices?
Regarding Personal Information
If you have registered with our Services, you may at any time review and/or update the contact information we have for you or inform us that you want us to remove your information from our database by either visiting the online profile section of one of our Services or contacting us at Pressman custserv@pressman-toy.com. If you choose to send us an email, please be sure to include in your message, the name of the website or mobile application at which you registered and the email address you used to register so that we can verify your request. We will respond to all access requests within 30 days.
Regarding Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Removing or rejecting browser cookies does not necessarily affect third party flash cookies used in connection with our Services. For more information about how to delete or disable flash cookies please visit www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services.
Regarding Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails, text messages or mail from Pressman Toy Corporation by declining to receive such communications at the time of registration or at the time you otherwise provide the information to us. You may also opt-out of receiving promotional emails or text messages by following the instructions in those emails or text messages or by sending an email to Pressman Toy custserv@pressman-toy.com.
If you opt out, we may still send you transactional or relationship messages, such as emails about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Safeguarding Your Personal Information
Pressman Toy Corporation retains your information for business purposes, for as long as your account is active, and/or as long as is reasonably necessary to provide you with our products and services. We will also retain your information as reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. We may also retain cached or archived copies of your information for a reasonable period of time.
Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Policy, you should first contact Pressman Toy Corporation using the following contact information:
Pressman Toy Corporation,
Attention: Website Administrator
3701 W. Plano Pkwy Ste. 100
Plano, TX 75075
1-855-258-8214
custserv@pressman-toy.com
For additional information about our Services, please see our Terms and Conditions of Use.
NOTE TO PARENTS
Pressman Toy Corporation has developed its services to be an enjoyable experience for children (and adults) of all ages. The purpose of this policy is to help you understand some of the information contained on the services and how the services operate. Please discuss this policy with your children so that they will better understand how to use the services and the information they may be asked to provide. Pressman Toy Corporation believes that providing its visitors with accurate and adequate notice about the services will inform choices and decisions about how to use the services, and will better protect its users’ privacy. If you have any questions or comments about this policy, please contact us using the contact information provided below. For any other issue, please contact Pressman Toy Corporation Customer Service.
Promotions and Children Under 13
Collection and Use of Children’s Personal Information
Any and all promotions are only eligible for individuals ages 18 and up. However Pressman Toy Corporation may unintentionally collect and store personal information about children under 13 years of age (“children” or “child”) if this information is submitted by the parent or guardian in connection with any of our website registrations. When provided by the parent or guardian, Pressman Toy Corporation may collect and store the following types of personal information about a child under 13: name, email address, parent’s or guardian’s name, and parent’s or guardian’s email address. Pressman Toy Corporation may also collect the child’s mailing address when necessary, such as sending the winner of a contest or sweepstakes the awarded prize. Pressman Toy Corporation may also collect demographic information about a child such as the child’s date of birth, gender, toy and game ownership and other preferences, and combine such information with the child’s personal information. Pressman Toy Corporation will only collect this information if it believes that it is voluntarily submitted to us by the child’s parent or guardian. For information on how we use cookies and other information collection tools, please see our section entitled “What information does Pressman Toy Corporation collect?” (above).
Once collected, a child’s registration information may be used to: (a) fulfill a transaction, such as ship products that have been purchased or send the winner of a contest or sweepstakes the awarded prize, or (b) send the child requested promotional materials, including information about new products, contests, features and enhancements, special offers, and other events of interest. We may also use the information for our internal marketing and demographic studies so that we can improve the products and services we provide our visitors in order to better meet their needs, or as otherwise described in this Policy. For further information, please see our section entitled “How does Pressman Toy Corporation use my information?” (above).
Please note that we are prohibited from conditioning a child’s participation in an activity – like contests – on the child’s disclosure of more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity. This means that if we don’t need a specific piece of information (like the child’s phone number) to allow the child to participate in a contest, we simply won’t ask for it. To read about the steps Pressman Toy Corporation takes to protect the confidentiality, security, and integrity of children’s personal information, please see our section on “Safeguarding your personal information” (above).
Pressman Toy Corporation Contact Information
Any registration information that a child provides to our Services is collected by Pressman Toy Corporation. Pressman Toy Corporation’s contact information is as follows:
Pressman Toy Corporation,
Attention: Website Administrator
3701 W. Plano Pkwy Ste. 100
Plano, TX 75075
1-855-258-8214
custserv@pressman-toy.com
Disclosure of Children’s Personal Information
We follow our standard policy (“With whom does Pressman Toy Corporation share my personal information?” (above)) for the disclosure of personal information collected from and about children under 13.
Parental Access
A parent who has already given Pressman Toy Corporation permission to collect and use his or her child’s personal information can, at any time, do the following: (1) review, correct, or have deleted the child’s personal information; and/or, (2) discontinue further collection or use of the child’s personal information. To do so, please refer to the email provided to you when you gave consent or contact us at Pressman Toy custserv@pressman-toy.com and be sure to include your child’s name and email address, your name and email address, and the name of the site on which your child is registered.
Necessary Cookies
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
disable
Enable All
Save Changes
Subscribe to our mailing list
* indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
Last Name