http://www.bizviet.net/termsofuse.php
Vietnam B2B Trade Portal :: Import Export
Database
Home  ::::
New Trade leads  ::::
Top Trade leads  ::::
Sign up! ::::Login!
Standard Terms & Conditions
Access to and use of this website (www.bizviet.net) is subject to the following Terms & Conditions, including the choice of law and jurisdiction set out in paragraph 7, and all applicable laws which, by accessing and browsing the website, you accept without limitation or qualification to the exclusion of any other agreements between you and bizviet.net with respect to the subject matter hereof. Section headings are provided for reference purposes only and in no way define, limit, construe or describe the scope or extent of any section
1. Acceptance
By using the Products and Services, you agreed without limitation or qualification, to be bound by, and to comply with, these Terms & Conditions and bizviet.net's Privacy Policy
2. Conditions and Restrictions on use
Use of the Products and Services is subject to compliance with these Terms & Conditions. You acknowledge and agree that bizviet.net may terminate your access to bizviet.net or to any of the Products and Services should you fail to comply with the Terms & Conditions. Any such termination shall be in bizviet.net's sole discretion and may occur without prior notice, or any notice. Bizviet.net further reserves the rights to terminate any user's access to bizviet.net or to any of the Products and Services for any conduct that bizviet.net, in its sole discretion, believes is or may be directly or indirectly harmful to other users, to bizviet.net or its subsidiaries, affiliates, or business contractors, or to other third parties, or for any conduct that violates any local, or foreign and Vietnam laws or regulations. Such as information of joke, reaction, sex, political, terror, or sending spam/scam, money fraud by emails... those aren't absolutely allowed. In this case, your IP address and account information maybe blocked, sent to governments and the Interpol, FBI organizations.
3. Registration
Certain of the Products and Services will require the user to register and provide certain data. In consideration of use of such Products and Services, in registering and providing such data, you represent and warrant that:
- The information about yourself is true, accurate, current, and complete (apart from optional items) as required by bizviet.net registration forms ("Member Registration") and
- You will maintain and promptly update the "Member Profile" to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or bizviet.net
has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, bizviet.net has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Products and Services.
All Bizviet.net
registrations become the property of bizviet.net, its subsidiaries. Bizviet.net reserves the right to use and reuse all registrations and other personally identifiable user information. Users may edit, update, alter their personally identifiable information at any time by following the instructions located in Bizviet.net site.
4. Member and User conduct
Upon registering, you will receive a Password and Username. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the Password and Username, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your Password or Username. You agree to:
- immediately notify Bizviet.net of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and
- ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. Bizviet.net cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this requirement.
You acknowledge and agree that all information, code, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, pictures, graphics, video, chat, messages, files, or other materials (content), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, are the sole responsibility of the person from which such content originated. This means that you, and not Bizviet.net, are entirely responsible for all content that you upload, post, email or otherwise transmit via the Services. Bizviet.net does not control the user or third party content posted via the Products and Services, and, as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such user or third party content. You acknowledge and agree that by using the Products and Services, you may be exposed to content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstances Bizviet.net will be liable in any way for any user or third party content, including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in any such content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any such content posted, emailed or otherwise transmitted via the Products and Services. Bizviet.net does not guarantee that any screening will be done to your satisfaction or that any screening will be done at all. Bizviet.net reserves the right to monitor some, all, or no areas of the Products and Services for adherence to these Terms of use or any other rules or guidelines posted by Bizviet.net.
You agree that you will not use Bizviet.net Products and Services to:
- Upload, post information, email, otherwise transmit, or post links to any content, or select any member or user name or email address, that is unlawful, harmful, pornographic or otherwise objectionable.
- Collect or store personally identifying information about other users for unlawful purposes.
- Post the information or contact other users for unlawful of e-commerce law such as: spam mails or money transfer fraud...
You acknowledge and agree that Bizviet.net shall have the right (but not the obligation), in sole discretion, to refuse to publish, remove, or block access to any content that is available via the Products and Services at any time, for any reason, or for no reason at all, with or without notice. Bizviet.net may also terminate access to, or membership in Bizviet.net, or any portion thereof, for violating these Terms & Conditions. You acknowledge and agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such content. In this regard, you acknowledge that you may not rely on any content created by or obtained through the use of Bizviet.net Products and Services.
You expressly acknowledge and agree that Bizviet.net may preserve content and may also disclose content if required doing so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to:
- comply with legal process,
- enforce the Terms & Conditions,
- respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third-parties,
- protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Bizviet.net, its users and the public. You acknowledge and agree that the technical processing and transmission of the Products and Services, including your Content, may involve
- transmissions over various networks; and
- changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.
Bizviet.net also may suspend or terminate any user account for any Product or Service because of user inactivity.
5. Disclaimer
You may search or use business resources and information at our bizviet.net. We make no warranties of any kind about the content, the accuracy, suitability, intent, comprehensiveness, privacy, availability of the information. All the information found at Bizviet.net is free of charge and is on an "as is" basis. We are not liable or responsible to you or anyone else for any consequential, incidental, special, exemplary, punitive, indirect or similar damages even if advised of the possibility of such damages. It is the sole responsibility of any person viewing information found through bizviet.net to verify its accuracy.
You can post your trade offers into Bizviet.net and take responsibility for the information provided. While we review all trade leads/offers in extensive detail, they may be removed at any time.
Bizviet.net makes no representations whatever about other web sites which you may access through this one. When you access a non- Bizviet.net web site, please understand that it is independent from Bizviet.net, and that Bizviet.net has no control over the content on that web site.
In addition, a link to a non- Bizviet.net web site does not mean that Bizviet.net endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content, use, or products and services made available through such web site.
6. Limitation
Bizviet.net makes no representations or warranties about the validity, accuracy, correctness, reliability, quality, stability, completeness and any other information provided through the service.
7. Updates to Terms of Use:
Bizviet.net may at any time revise these Terms of Use by updating this posting. Users are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current Terms and Conditions to which they are bound. The terms and conditions are governed by the laws of Vietnam . By using this website, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Vietnam in the event of any dispute.
For more information, please contact us:
Bizviet - Vietnam B2B Marketplace
Address: 9A7 TT Truong Doan TW, Lang Thuong -
Hanoi, Vietnam
Tel: (0084) 912 65 60 59
Fax: (0084) 4 8254556
Email: bizviet@fpt.vn
Updated on 14/02/2007
B2B Marketplace
Market Services
Your representative
Advertise
Others
About us
Feedback
Advertise
About us ::
Terms & Conditions ::
Privacy Policy
::
Contact us
Copyright ©2017 Bizviet.Net. All rights reserved.
Tenders :: importers :: exporters :: suppliers :: manufacturers :: wholesalers
from Vietnam - China - India
- Taiwan - Cambodia - Australia - Hong Kong - Japan - Indonesia - South Korea -
Pakistan - Thailand
France - Germany -
Philippines - Bulgaria - Brazil - Italy - Russia
- Belgium - Bulgaria - Hungary - Iceland
America - Argentina - Brazil - Canada
- Chile - Colombia - Paraguay - Peru - Uruguay - Venezuela