https://www.powerstax.com/privacy-cookies-policies/
DC-DC Power Converters
MIL Spec DC-DC Converters, Filters and Regulators
130W Eighth Bricks
300W Quarter Bricks
336W Half Bricks
200W – 500W Full Bricks
500W High Voltage Brick
110W Open Frame
600W Front-End Power Module / 1800W Rack
1000W Customizable Module
1000W Ruggedized 2U Module / 3000W Rack
Fuel Cell Power Conversion
AC-DC Power Supplies
CoolX Series – 600W to 1800W Modular Power Supplies
Power Modules – 100W to 150W
Medical Approval
3,000W-10,000W
125W –
1008W 1U Ultra Compact
200W – 1340W Configurable Modular SMPS
1000W and 600W PFC Bricks
800W Front End Power Module / 2400W Rack
750W Front End Power Module / 2250W Rack
3600W 1U Configurable Rack Mount
1800W 1U Configurable Rack Mount
Custom Power
Custom Power Supplies (Value Added)
Brick and Rack Accessories
Drake Transformer Rectifiers
Other Power Supplies
Behlman AC Sources
Enatel DC Power Solutions
Kingshill Power Supplies
KraftPowercon Switched Mode
Magna-Power Programmable DC Power Supplies
Technix HV DC Power Supplies | Capacitor Chargers
Ross Engineering Corp | High Voltage Products
News
Contact Us
About Powerstax
Sales Partners EMEA
Sales Partners North America
Sales Partners Central & South America
Sales Partners Asia
Sales Partners ROW
You are here: Home / Privacy & Cookies PoliciesCookie Policy for Powerstax Ltd
This is the Cookie Policy for Powerstax Ltd, accessible from https://www.powerstax.com
What Are Cookies
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or ‘break’ certain elements of the sites functionality.
For more general information on cookies, please read “What Are Cookies”.
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
The Cookies We Set
Forms related cookies
When you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
More Information
Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren’t sure whether you need or not it’s usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site.
However if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us through one of our preferred contact methods:
Phone: UK: +44 1268 568200 USA/Canada: +1 877 215 8463
Recent News
Powerstax – Powering Hydrogen Production
New Magna-Power 1.5kW to 8kW 1U SL Series Gen 2 Programmable Power Supplies now available
Powerstax appointed sole UK distributor for Technix High Voltage DC Power Supplies and Capacitor Chargers
Download Shortform Catalogues
Our latest shortform catalogue of high efficiency and MIL COTS power solutions is available HERE!
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.