http://www.awpagesociety.com/site/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Welcome to www.awpagesociety.com, www.awpageup.com and https://awpageup.jiveon.com (collectively, the “Web site”). The Arthur W. Page Society (the “Society”) recognizes the importance of your personal privacy and we are committed to protecting the privacy of information you provide to us. This policy provides you with details on the information we collect from you and the uses we make of your personal information. If you do not want us accessing and/or using your personal information as described herein, please do not provide us with any. This policy may be updated from time to time without prior notice, so please check back periodically. If you continue to visit our Web site and use the services made available to you after such changes have been made, you hereby provide your consent to the changes.
We encourage you to read this policy to learn more about the information we collect from you, how we use and protect the information we collect from you and how you can opt-out of receiving communications from us. If you have any questions about our collection and use of your information, please contact us at: admin@awpagesociety.com, subject: Privacy Policy. 1. The Information We Collect and How We Use it a. Personally Identifiable Information
We may collect personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) from you, such as your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and credit card information (in connection with conference or other event and program registrations, purchases of trade materials and/or membership renewals) if you are a member of the Society and have registered a user account with the Web site (“Member) or if you otherwise voluntarily provide us with such information. Personal Information is collected via voluntary submissions from you in connection your participation as a Member or use of the Web site. If you do not want to provide us with your Personal Information, you may still access the Web site but you may not be able to participate in all Web site features, including, without limitation, participating in the Member areas of the Web site. We do not share personally identifiable information with unrelated third parties for their own marketing purposes without your prior permission. We ask you to keep in mind that if you voluntarily disclose personal information publically online – for example, in a forum made available through the Web site, such as certain areas where Members and others can share content with other Members (including without limitation, the “Insights and Research” and “Page Turner Blog” sections) – that information can be viewed and used by others and by us for any purpose. We may also share your Member directory information with other Members. We are not responsible for unsolicited messages you receive from other users. We encourage you to exercise caution when making decisions about what information you disclose in such public areas. Furthermore, except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, any content you post to a public area of the Web site may be used by us for any purpose in our sole discretion. Please note however, the Member directory and other Member-only forums are for the exclusive use of Members and no information will be disclosed externally (outside of the Society) to non-Members, except as set forth herein. In addition to the above, your Personal Information is used by us and our trusted vendors (i) to communicate with you; (ii) administer assistance to you when requested; (iii) to process your online purchases (e.g. conference or other event and program registrations, purchases of trade materials and/or membership renewals), and (iv) as may be required by applicable laws, rules or regulations, or the Terms of Use applicable to this Web site located here. We may share your Personal Information with third parties to further the purpose for which you provide us with such information, including, without limitation, to facilitate purchases you make via the Web site. We may share your Personal Information with third parties if we believe that the law requires us to do so, or to protect our own property or the property of our affiliates. Additionally, in the event of a corporate restructuring (such as, a sale, merger or other asset transfer), we may share your Personal Information with a third party. You may have certain rights under the Communications Act, Federal Trade Commission Act, and other state and federal statutes that may apply, and by accepting these terms and using the Web site, you are waiving all of these rights as to collection, use, disclosure and storage of your personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information collected by us b. Non-Personally Identifiable Information
Certain non-personally identifiable information (“Non-Personal Information”) about our visitors is collected by the standard operation of our Internet servers and through the use of “cookies”. A “cookie” is a small amount of data sent to your browser from a web server and stored by your computer. We may use cookies to customize your visit to the Web site and for other purposes to make your visit more convenient or to enable us to enhance our service. You may, at any time, stop or restrict the placement of cookies on your computer or delete them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences, in which case you may still use the Web site, but it may interfere with some of its functionality. We do not use cookies to retrieve Personal Information from your computer, or use cookies to retrieve other information from your computer for purposes that are unrelated to the Web site or your interaction with the Web site. We reserve the right to disclose or utilize any of this information in aggregate form, for any purpose, in our sole judgment. The Non-Personal Information we collect is used by us to improve the content of our Web site and enhance your experience. Google Analytics Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”).  Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how users use the Web site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Web site (including your IP address) is transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your, and other users’, use of the Web site, compiling reports for us on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage.  You can find more information on Google Analytics here: http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html, including a link to Google’s privacy policy. 2. Protection for Children. This Web site is not intended for, and we have no intention of collecting personally identifiable information from, children under the age of 21. 3. Opt-Out.
If you do not want to receive email or other communications from us in the future, please follow the unsubscribe instructions in an email or send an email to us at the address below or call us at the telephone number below requesting to be removed from our mailing list. You will also have the option of clicking on a link included in email correspondence you receive from us in order to remove yourself from our mailing list.
Email Contact: admin@awpagesociety.com Telephone Contact: 212-400-7959 Please note that there might be a brief delay between when you submit your request to “opt-out” and when it is processed and reflected in our systems; accordingly you may continue to receive communications from us for a limited time after you unsubscribe. We appreciate your patience. 4. Security. We are committed to using our best efforts to maintain the security of your Personal Information. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we adhere to industry standard practices and procedures to help protect and secure the information we collect. We strive to offer you a secure and safe environment for your online credit card purchases. Further, although we use our best efforts to protect the security of your Personal Information and our system, due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, no transmission via the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result of this and other factors beyond our control, we cannot guarantee the security of the information that you transmit to or through our Web site. Therefore, you assume that risk by using the Web site. This Web site is VeriSign authorized and we employ, and require our third party providers who receive your Personal Information to employ, strict security safeguards. 5. Links to Other Web sites. This Web site may contain links to other Web sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other Web sites. We encourage you to be aware when you access any such third party links and to read the privacy policies of each Web site that you access. This Privacy Policy only applies to information collected by us via this Web site.
6. Offers and Promotions. We may from time to time offer you opportunities that are sponsored entirely by us or co-branded with or sponsored by third parties. In connection with such opportunities, the relevant third parties may obtain Personal Information that you voluntarily submit to participate in such opportunity. We have no control over the use by such third parties’ of such information. 7. Reviewing Your Information. You may view your Personal Information at any time by logging in to your account and viewing your personal profile. You may also contact us as set forth in Paragraph 8 below with any questions about your Personal Information. 8. Contact Us. If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy and/or the practices described herein, please email us at admin@awpagesociety.com, Subject: Privacy Policy; or write us at Arthur W. Page Society, 230 Park Avenue, Suite 455, New York, NY 10169. 9. Governing Law. This Privacy Policy and our legal obligations hereunder are subject to the laws of the state of New York and the U.S.A., regardless of your location. You hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of and venue in the federal and state courts located in New York, New York, U.S.A. in all disputes arising out of or relating to the Services. 10. Changes to this Policy. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this Privacy Policy at any time. However, if at any time in the future we plan to use personally identifiable information in a way that materially differs from this Privacy Policy, we will post such changes here and provide you the opportunity to opt-out of such differing uses. Your continued use of the Web site (including without limitation, providing personal information to us), following the posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy means you accept such changes. 11. Servers. Our servers are maintained in the United States of America. By using the Web site and providing us with personal information, you freely and specifically give us your consent to export your personally identifiable information to the USA and to store and use it in the USA as specified in this Privacy Policy. Your use of this Web site is governed by, and subject to, the legal notices and disclaimers located here and is subject at all times to all such legal notices and disclaimers. Furthermore, your use and access of the Web site constitutes your agreement to be bound by the provisions contained in the Terms of Use and in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy was last updated on September 13, 2013.
Back