http://www.harmonymarketing.com/terms-and-conditions
Watch Video
My Account
Login
My Cart (0)
HomeHow it WorksWhat is Microfinance?Empowering WomenHistoryCostsEvidence It WorksProvidersResources and LinksSuccess StoriesWhy Cause Marketing?FAQGet InvolvedJoin the ProgramSign the PledgeDonate TodayOur MicroLoansAboutOur TeamMission, Vision, ValuesNewsBlogCareersPartnersGive GettersContact Us
Home » Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
This World Wide Web site with its home page at "www.erasepoverty.org" (the "Website") is an information and interactive community service offered by Erase Poverty Inc ("Erase Poverty") to users of the World Wide Web, with the express condition that these users agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth in this User Agreement. Erase Poverty reserves the right to change these terms and conditions at any time, without notice to you, and you must consult the most recent version of this User Agreement (not an older cached version) each time you view the Website. Use of this Website constitutes your acceptance of all of the following terms and conditions, in their current form or as modified.
Erase Poverty Inc. has collaborated with the Erase Poverty Foundation (the “Foundation”). Erase Poverty Foundation is under the fiscal sponsorship of Visions Made Viable, a registered 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. Erase Poverty assumes no responsibility or liability for the timeliness, deletion, mis-delivery or failure to store any user communications or personalization data or settings. All such risks shall be borne by the end user.
REGISTERED USER ACCOUNT, PASSWORD, AND SECURITY
Users who wish to create an account on the Erase Poverty website are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the user ID and password, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under their account. Erase Poverty does not retain liability or responsibility for such use.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Erase Poverty shall not be liable for any damages whatsoever and, in particular, Erase Poverty shall not be liable for any special, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages, or damages for lost profits, lost revenue, or loss of use, arising out of or related to this website or the information contained in it, whether such damages arise in contract, tort, under statute, in equity, at law, or otherwise, even if Erase Poverty has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Some jurisdictions do not allow for the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages, therefore some of the above limitations are inapplicable.
GENERAL PRACTICES REGARDING USE AND STORAGE
Users acknowledge that Erase Poverty may establish general practices and limits concerning use of the Website, including without limitation the maximum number of days that postings or other uploaded content are retained by the Website, the maximum disk space allotted on servers for an account, and the maximum duration for which an account can be accessed in a given period of time. You acknowledge that Erase Poverty has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any messages and other communications or other content maintained or transmitted by the Website servers. You acknowledge Erase Poverty has the right to disable accounts that are inactive for an extended period of time or when fraud is suspected. You further acknowledge that Erase Poverty reserves the right to change these general practices at any time with or without notice.
REGISTERED USER CONDUCT
You understand that all information, data, text, photographs, graphics, messages, or other materials publicly posted on the Website by third parties ("Public Content") is the sole responsibility of the person from which such content originated. This means that you, and not Erase Poverty, bear all risks and liabilities for all Public Content that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available via the Service. You agree to not use the Service to:
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Public Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights ("Rights") of any party;
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of solicitation. (Posting the same message more than once can be considered "spam" or "spamming");
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Public Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a Erase Poverty official, forum leader, guide or host, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any Public Content transmitted through the Service;
disrupt the normal flow of dialogue, cause a screen to "scroll" faster than other users of the Service are able to type, or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other users' ability to engage in real time exchanges;
intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law
"stalk" or otherwise harass another; or
harvest or otherwise collect or store personal data about other users.
You acknowledge that Erase Poverty and its designees shall have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to refuse, move, edit, or delete any Public Content that is available via the Service. Erase Poverty and its designees shall have the right to remove any Public Content regardless of whether such communication(s) violate this User Agreement. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Public Content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such Public Content.
You acknowledge and agree that Erase Poverty may preserve Public Content and may also disclose Public Content if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce the User Agreement; (c) respond to claims that any Public Content violates the rights of third-parties; or (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Erase Poverty, its users and the public.
You acknowledge and agree that businesses or individuals that sell or promote any of the following are not eligible to create an account on www.erasepoverty.org: pharmaceuticals, drugs, drug paraphernalia, pornography or sexual aids, diet aids, gambling, liquor, tobacco or firearms/weapons.
USER SUBMISSIONS
By submitting communications or content (including, but not limited to stories, photos, videos) to any part of this Website, blog, or social media sites, where such content would be viewable by the public (e.g. posting on a public forum/bulletin board or public chat or other public communication), you agree that such submission is non-confidential for all purposes. Any submission to this Website will be deemed and remain the property of Erase Poverty. You grantor warrant that the owner of such content has expressly granted Erase Poverty – a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, world-wide non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, create derivative works from, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform and display the communication or content in any media or medium, or any form, format, or forum now known or hereafter developed.
MODIFICATIONS TO THE SERVICE
Erase Poverty reserves the right at any time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that Erase Poverty shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of the Service.
TERMINATION
You agree that Erase Poverty, in its sole discretion, may terminate your password, account (or any part thereof) or use of this Service, and remove and discard any content within the Service, for any reason, including, without limitation, for lack of use or if Erase Poverty believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of this User Agreement. You agree that any termination of your access may be effected without prior notice, and acknowledge and agree that Erase Poverty may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all related information and files in your account and/or bar further access to such files or the Service. Further, you agree that Erase Poverty shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination of your access to the Service.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY
Erase Poverty makes no warranties of any kind regarding this Website, including but not limited to any warranty of accuracy, accessibility, uptime, completeness, currency, reliability, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, or any warranty that these pages, or the server that makes them available, are free of viruses or other harmful elements, and such warranties are expressly disclaimed.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree that you will hold harmless Erase Poverty and its officers, directors, employees, agents, contractors and volunteers (the “Releasees”) from all claims arising out of, or related to, your access or use of, or your inability to access or use, this Website or the information contained in this Website or other websites to which it is linked. This includes, but is not limited to, information or materials viewed or downloaded from this Website or another website to which it is linked that appear to you or are construed by you to be obscene, offensive, defamatory, or that infringe upon your intellectual property rights. In no event will Erase Poverty or the contributors of information to this Website be liable to you or anyone else for any decision made or action taken by you in reliance on such information or for any consequential, special or similar damages, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Erase Poverty, the Foundation, and the Releasees from and against all losses, expenses, damages, and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation by you of these Terms and Conditions. Erase Poverty reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you.
ENDORSEMENTS
You acknowledge that the opinions and recommendations contained in this Website are not necessarily those of Erase Poverty or endorsed by Erase Poverty. Erase Poverty may provide links on the Website to other websites which are not under the control of Erase Poverty. In general, any website which has an address (or URL) which does not contain "Erase Poverty.org" is such a website. These links are provided for convenience of reference only and are not intended as an endorsement by Erase Poverty of the organization or individual operating the website or a warranty of any type regarding the website or the information on the website.
DONATIONS AND PAYMENTS
If you wish to make a donation to the Erase Poverty Foundation through the Website or through a linked-to website operated by Erase Poverty’s payment processor for donations (a "Donation") or a payment for participation in the program, you may be asked to supply certain information relevant to your transaction, including without limitation your credit card number or other payment account number, and your billing address. YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU ARE EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER AND HAVE THE LEGAL RIGHT TO USE ANY PAYMENT MEANS USED BY YOU TO INITIATE ANY DONATION. By submitting such information, you grant Erase Poverty or its payment processor the right to provide such information to third parties for purposes of facilitating the completion of Donations and Payments initiated by you or on your behalf. Verification of information may be required prior to the acknowledgment or completion of any Donation or Payment. Erase Poverty reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any Donation or Payment for any reason. Erase Poverty or its payment processor may automatically process charges against your selected payment method on the receipt page. Erase Poverty or its payment processor will inform you if all or any portion of your Donation or Payment is canceled or if additional or different information is required to accept your Donation or Payment.
Please review the Erase Poverty Privacy Policy located on our website with respect to how we use personal information submitted in connection with Donations.
USAGE OF MATERIAL
Except as to Public Content, and unless otherwise indicated, all information contained on this Website, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio, and other copyrightable material (collectively “Material”), is copyrighted by, and proprietary to, Erase Poverty or its licensors, and may not be copied, reproduced, transmitted, displayed, performed, distributed, sublicensed, altered, stored for subsequent use or otherwise used in whole or in part in any manner without Erase Poverty’s prior written consent, except that the user may make such temporary copies in a single computer's RAM and hard drive cache as are necessary to browse the Website. The user may also make a single copy of the Material displayed on any page of the Website to be used by the user for personal and noncommercial uses which do not harm the reputation of Erase Poverty, provided that the user does not remove any legal notices, including any trademark, copyright or other notices contained in such Material.
TRADEMARKS / RIGHT OF PUBLICITY
All trademarks and service marks appearing on the Website are owned by Erase Poverty or its licensors or their respective owners, including without limitation the Erase Poverty logo.
No Agency
No agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created by this Agreement.
JURISDICTION
This Website (excluding linked sites) is controlled by Erase Poverty which is headquartered in the State of California, United States of America. It can be accessed from all 50 states in the United States, as well as from other countries around the world. As each of these places has laws that may differ from those of California, by accessing this Website both you and Erase Poverty agree that the statutes and laws of the State of California, without regard to conflicts of laws principles thereof, will apply to all matters arising from or relating to use of this Website, or enforcement of the terms of this User Agreement. You and Erase Poverty also agree and hereby submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts located in San Diego, California, USA with respect to such matters. Erase Poverty makes no representation that materials on the Website are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and accessing them from territories where their content are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this Website from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws. We reserve the right to limit the availability of the Website and/or the provision of any service, program, film or other product described thereon to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction, at any time and in our sole discretion, and to limit the quantities of any such service, program, film or other product that we provide. Software from this Website is further subject to United States export controls. No software from this Website may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported (i) into (or to a national or resident of) any country to which the U.S. has embargoed goods; or (ii) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders. By downloading or using any software from this site, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list.
LINKING INFORMATION
Hypertext Linking:  Erase Poverty encourages and permits text links to content on The Erase Poverty Website, www.Erase Poverty.org, provided: (a) the appearance, position and other aspects of either the link or the host website may not be such as to damage or dilute the goodwill associated with Erase Poverty's name and trademarks; (b) the appearance, position and other aspects of either the link or the host website may not create the false appearance that an entity other than Erase Poverty is associated with or sponsored by Erase Poverty; and (c) Erase Poverty reserves the right to revoke its consent to the link at any time in its sole discretion by amending this User Agreement.
MISCELLANEOUS
By creating an account on www.erasepoverty.org, you warrant that you agree to the Erase Poverty “Pledge to Erase Poverty.”
I believe that:
No child should go to bed hungry.
Parents all over the world should be given a chance to work hard to provide for their family.
Fostering economic opportunity for all reduces vulnerability to human trafficking, restores dignity and unleashes the human potential.
Together, we can erase poverty. For good.
I commit to:
Use my influence to erase poverty, encouraging my friends and associates to do the same.
Use my voice to erase poverty, speaking about this issue to others.
Use my purchasing power to erase poverty, supporting small businesses that are members of the erase poverty network.
In the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement are held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, such provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect.
This agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto pertaining to the subject matter hereof, and any and all written or oral agreements heretofore existing between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter of this agreement are expressly canceled.
Help fund a Microloan
Together, we can erase extreme poverty for good by supporting and funding small businesses globally.
Make a donation today
More Info
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
FAQ
Media
Our Community
MicroEntrepreneurs
Partners
Small Business Members
Volunteers
Stay Connected!
Blog
Latest News
Contact Us
Newsletter
Stay informed on our latest news!
Email: *
For more info, please contact us Erase Poverty
© 2011 | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Sitemap