https://www.edsports.co.uk/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
The store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled.
Home
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Introduction
The processing of your data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests of Huck Nets (UK) Ltd. Our privacy statement outlines what this means in practice and explains how Huck Nets (UK) Ltd collects, stores, manages and protects your data.
The data we hold
If you are a customer or employee, most of the data we hold would have been provided by you. This includes:
Your name, title, gender and date of birth
Your home address, email address and telephone numbers
Health information
Some of the personal data we hold about you has been provided by you during interactions with our employees namely:
Updates to your contact details. Address, email and phone
Records of verbal or email conversations/meetings, including personal interests
Your family and partner/spousal details
A record of the communications we have sent to you and any responses to such communications
Your contact preferences.
Your current job title, employer and work email addresses
Previous role(s) and job title
What we use your information for
Unless you have requested otherwise, the information you provide is used by the business, to communicate with you. These may include:
Providing you with the services and information you asked for
The promotion of benefits and services available to you
The promotion of Huck Nets (UK) Ltd
Distribution of business mailings (e.g. magazine, newsletters, annual reports), only when requested
Data analysis and updating your contact details
To ensure that our communications are relevant to you and your interests, we may use tools that help us track whether the emails we send are opened and which links are clicked within a message. We may also track website visits and use analytical tools, to use this information to improve our website.
Other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to the data stored and processed by Huck Nets (UK) Ltd so when you link to other websites you should read their own policy.
How long is personal data held?
Personal data is held in line with our Records Management Policy and Schedule, this is available upon request.
You have the right to make changes or ask us to stop using your data
You are in control of your data and have the right to opt-out of all or specific communications types at any point.
You also have the right to request copies of the data held, ask for corrections and in certain circumstances ask for deletion, to do so please submit a ‘Subject Access Request’ to admin@hucknetting.co.uk
If you have a concern about how your data is being handled
You can contact the business via our website. In addition, you can raise any concerns directly with the Information Commissioner Office (ICO)
Changes to the Privacy Statement
In the interest of being transparent we may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any significant changes to this Policy or to the way we treat your data will be communicated via the website.
Further Information
If you have any questions which you feel have not been answered by this Privacy Policy, please do not hesitate to contact us either by email to admin@hucknetting.co.uk or write to:  Data Protection Officer, Gore Cross Business Park, Corbin Way, Bridport, Dorset. DT6 3UX.
A division of Huck Nets
Gore Cross Business Park
Bridport,
Dorset DT6 3UX
Call: 01308 424 111
Email: sales@edsports.co.uk
Newsletter
Offers & deals straight to your inbox
Subscribe
©2020 Edwards Sports Products | Designed by CK Creative