http://www.firehouseneon.com/pages/security-privacy-consent
Skip to content
Search
Home
Shop Online
Bar Neon Signs
Business Neon Signs
Coffee Neon Signs
Ice Cream Neon Signs
Florist Neon Signs
Pizza Neon Signs
Custom Neon Signs
Custom Neon Sign - Template
Contoured Custom Neon Sign
Custom Neon Signs - Letter Only
Neon Clocks
Art Deco Neon Clocks
Automotive Neon Clocks
Chevrolet Neon Clocks
Custom Neon Clocks
Harley Davidson Neon Clocks
Misc Neon Clocks
Petroleum Neon Clocks
Pontiac Neon Clocks
Neon Power Supplies
Neon Sculptures
Neon Open Signs
Sports Neon Signs
MLB Neon Signs
NCAA Neon Signs
NFL Neon Signs
NHL Neon Signs
Contact
Blog
Account
Security, Privacy & Consent
Fire House Neon Sign knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly.
What Personal Information About Customers Do We Gather?
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, fulfilling orders, and communicating with you.Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information (e.g. eBay)
Do We Share Information?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only as described below and with subsidiariesAgents: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples may include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.Protection of Fire House Neon Signs and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of FIre House Neon Signs our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice
How Secure Is My Information?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.Access to your personal information is restricted (even internally) against unauthorized use.We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
Children
Fire House Neon Signs does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use FIre House Neon Signs only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh