http://www.mareeba.co.uk/privacy-policy
+44 (0) 1494 927 418
enquiries@mareeba.co.uk
This Privacy Policy was last modified on 11/05/2018.
Mareeba is committed to protecting your privacy and we take all privacy matters very seriously. If you have any specific questions about our privacy policy that are not outlined below, please feel free to contact us.
In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We may collect the following personally identifiable information:
Name
Contact information including telephone number and email address
Postal address
WHY DO WE COLLECT THIS INFORMATION?
We collect this information to effectively process your enquiry, understand your needs and provide you with the best possible service.
The information collected will be stored as part of our internal record keeping. If you request more information on our products, a quotation, a site survey or place an order with us we will only process and store information relevant to your request.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information, which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
We will only use your personal data for promotional or marketing purposes if you have specifically requested to be added to our mailing list.
HOW DO WE COLLECT THIS INFORMATION?
Mareeba may collect information about you whenever you interact with us, for example when you:
Enquire about our services or visit our website
Sign-up to receive marketing updates
Post content to our website or social media sites
Contact us through the following channels: website, email, phone, SMS, social media or post
We may also receive information about you from third parties if you’ve given them permission to share your information with us.
CONTROLLING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Mareeba will not pass on your information to any third-party companies other than parties working under our direct instruction, unless obligated by law, for instance in case of a lawful request by law enforcement authorities.
RESTRICTING THE USE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Mareeba operates an opt-in policy for marketing purposes. We will never send you marketing material if you have not signed up to our mailing list.
If you have signed up to our mailing list and you no longer wish for us to contact you for direct marketing purposes, you may inform us by emailing enquiries@mareeba.co.uk.
In accordance with GDPR you may request details of personal information that we hold. You may also request an amendment to your data or the full erasure of your details (unless there is a lawful reason why we must retain the information). Please contact a member of our team if you wish to do so on enquiries@mareeba.co.uk.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our website contains links to other websites. Please note that our privacy policy applies only to our website and we therefore recommend you check the privacy policy of any other site you visit or are directed to.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Cookie Policy
Powered by GDPR plugin
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
You can adjust all of your cookie settings by navigating the tabs on the left hand side.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
disable
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Cookie Policy
More information about our Cookie Policy
Enable All
Save Changes