http://www.joneskitchens.co.uk/privacy-policy
Our Showroom Is Open As Normal | Visits by Appointment Only   Find out more
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
The privacy notice explains how we, Jones & Company, intend to collect and use information about you.
Jones & Company may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 1 May 2018.
Who we are
Jones and Company, 35 Rollestone Street, Salisbury, Wiltshire, SP1 1ED, UK
The information we collect
Under data protection law we are known as the ‘Data Controller’ of the personal information that we collect about you.  As a data controller we have certain legal responsibilities concerning how we collect, use and share your personal information.
The types of personal information we collect from you includes:
Information you provide to us – personal information that you provide to us including your contact details (i.e. your name, email address, phone number and postal address) and your bank account details.
Our correspondence – if you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
Sales and services information – details of transactions that you make with us and details of the services we provide to you.
Credit and Anti-Fraud information (where applicable) – information relating to your creditworthiness or any criminal or fraudulent activities provided to us either by you or third parties including information which establishes your fraudulent activities provided to us either by you or third parties including information which establishes your identity such as driving licences, passports and utility bills: information about transactions, credit ratings from credit reference agencies, fraud, offences, suspicious transactions, politically exposed person and sanctions lists where your details are include.
How we use your personal information
We think your information is as important as you are, so want to make you aware of how we may use your personal information:
To provide our services effectively to you – to administer our services, including handling your requests, communicating with you (including offers or promotions); keeping up-to-date records about you and carrying out our obligation arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, to make payment to you and receive payment from you (where applicable).
To market to you – if you have not objected, to provide you with news, updates, promotions and information about our products or services. We may use your information for marketing our own services to you online or by email, phone or post, and where required by law, we will ask for your consent at the time we collect your data to conduct any of these types of marketing.  We will provide an option to opt-in for further communication on any electronic marketing communication sent to you, or you may opt out by contacting us using the detail in the contact us section of this privacy notice. If at any time you do not want to us to contact you for marketing purposes, you can let us know by contacting us using these details.
Through certain actions when otherwise there is no contractual relationship between us, such as when you browse our website or ask us to provide you more information about our business, including our products and services, you provide your consent to us to process information that may be personal information.
Wherever possible, we aim to obtain your explicit consent to process this information, for example, by asking you to agree to our use of cookies.
Sometimes you might give your consent implicitly, such as when you send us a message by email to which you would reasonably expect us to reply.
Transfers of Personal information
We may permit selected third party companies to use your personal information, for the purpose set out in the section ‘How we use your personal information’ (above).  Selected third-parties will be subject to obligation to process your personal information in compliance with the same safeguards that we deploy.
We confirm that all personal information held by us about you will remain in (and will not be transferred outside of) the European Economic Area (EEA) where data protection laws are of an equivalent stand.
How long will we keep your personal information?
We continue to process your information until you withdraw your consent or it can be reasonably assumed that your consent no longer exists.
Legal Grounds to process
The legal grounds we rely on to process your personal information are that processing is necessary for:
Our legitimate business interests or those of a third party and these interests are not overridden by your interest or fundamental rights and freedoms in relation to the protection of your personal information. Our interests or fundamental rights and freedoms in relation to the protection of your personal information.  Our legitimate business interests include enabling us to provide you with products, services and information about our products and services (marketing).
Our performance of a contract made with you. This includes our providing you with products and services and our taking steps at your request towards, and in anticipation of, providing you with products and services.
Where your express consent has been given to send relevant marketing material
Our compliance with legal or regulatory obligations
Your rights in relation to your personal information
Unless subject to an exemption (under the GDPR), you have the following rights with respect to your personal data
The right to request a copy of the personal data we hold about you.
The right to request that we correct any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date.
The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary for us to retain such data.
The right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time.
The right to request that the data controller provide the data subject with his/her personal data and where possible, to transmit that data directly to another data controller, (known as the right to data portability).
The right to request to have your personal data deleted so that we no longer have the lawful ground to use.
The right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office (ICO).
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that allow us to identify your computer, recognise repeat users, observe anonymous user behaviour and compile aggregate data about users in order to improve the service we provide.  The data we collect using cookies does not identify individual users and is only used for tracking, analysing and marketing.
Most web browsers will accept cookies, but if you would prefer we did not collect data by this method, you can disable this function within your browser settings or you can visit the About Cookies website, which offers guidance for all modern browsers.  However, without cookies, you may not be able to use the full functionality of our site, including personalisation of the web content to reflect your personal usage.
By using our website you agree that we can place these types of cookies on you device.
Contact us
If you have any question, or you would like to find out more about this privacy notice you can contact us at:
Jones and Company, 35 Rollestone Street, Salisbury, Wiltshire, SP1 1ED, UK
T: 01722 335353
F: 01722 338743
E: mail@joneskitchens.co.uk
Absolutely delighted from beginning of the job right through to the last day. Polite staff in the showroom with professional attitude and knowledge without being pushy. Work started on time, the fitters were tidy and polite and not a minute of the day wasted. So pleased with our beautiful kitchen and shower room. Thank Jones and Co for all you have done, would recommend this company to anyone.
Kitchen Customer – Salisbury
A superb service from beginning to end. The showroom has helpful displays of quality kitchens and appliances. The planning was excellent, from the survey and plans, to the loan of sample doors and worktops to help with choice. All the fitting team were clearly experienced and most competent and keen to finish the work to a high standard, including tidying wiring and plumbing that was not in the original plan. We were impressed by the way that everyone was flexible and coordinated with each other. Also we were consulted throughout if there were different ways of placing or finishing the units.
Kitchen Customer – Salisbury
It is the kitchen of my dreams and has far exceeded my expectations. The whole experience, from planning to completion, has been exceptional and it has been a genuine pleasure to meet and work with all concerned. Their advice has been invaluable and everyone has been so professional and helpful. It has been very refreshing to come across people who enjoy their jobs, take a pride in their work and are keen to ensure satisfaction. I have really appreciated their care and attention and would highly recommend Jones and Co.
Kitchen Customer – Salisbury
Excellent service, quality and workmanship. High recommended in all respects from kitchen design to first class fitting. Would definitely use this company again.
Kitchen Customer – Somerset
Outstanding, couldn’t fault workmanship, pleasure to have in the house. Prompt and efficient, couldn’t have asked for more.
Kitchen Worktop Customer – Salisbury
Read more testimonials on
Find out more
Kitchens
Kitchen RangesWorktopsSinks & TapsAppliancesHandles & Accessories Back
Bathrooms
Fitted RangeModular RangeFreestanding RangeBathsShowersBrasswareSanitarywareBathroom Accessories Back
BedroomsReviewsNewsGalleryAboutContact
This site uses cookies.Ok, thanksFind out more