https://www.robertharding.com/privacy-policy/
HomeWhy use roberthardingAbout UsMeet the teamContact UsTestimonialsEnterpriseGalleriesGalleriesEditors ChoicePhotographers LatestPhotographer of the WeekPhoto of the DayClip of the WeekFree ResearchRoyalty Free ImagesNewsPhotographersGuidelinesEnquiry FormFAQ'sContributors Portal
0Active Lightbox is empty
0Your Cart is emptyCheckout
Login or RegisterEmailPasswordRemember MeSubmitI've forgotten my passwordEmail AddressSubmit Or Download- unwatermarked comping imagesLightboxes- create, save & emailSave- search display & sort preferencesBe First- to find out about new contentRegister Now
Data Protection law "GDPR"  25 May 2018
How We Use Security Measures
This site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All financial transactions take place inside a security system known as SSL. You may inspect the identity of the owner of the security certificate via the security dialogue in your browser at any time. Robert Harding Picture Library Ltd trading as robertharding is the owner so identified, thus ensuring you know with whom you are trading.
Who are we?
robertharding is a provider of licences for the use of copyrighted media assets (photos, video footage clips, audio clips and illustrations) on behalf of our contributing artists to end users, based in Maidenhead. robertharding have a registered office at Prince Albert House, 20 King Street, Maidenhead, Berkshire, SL6 1DT and company number 1382769. Robert Harding is the registered Data Protection Officer for robertharding.
How the law protects you?
Data protection laws state that we are only able to process personal data if we have valid reasons to do so. The basis for processing your personal data includes, but is not limited to, your consent, performance of a contract, to enable billing and remittance, and to contact you for customer service purposes.
How do we collect personal data from you?
We receive information about you from you when you use our website, complete forms on our website, if you contact us by phone, email, live-chat or otherwise in respect of any of our products and services or during the purchasing of any such license. Additionally we also collect information from you when you sign up, enter a competition, promotion or survey or when you inform us of any other matter.
If you provide us with personal data about a third party (for example when instructing us to add a colleague to your company account), you warrant that you have obtained the express consent from the third party for the disclosure and use of their personal data.
Your personal data may be automatically collected when you use our services, including but not limited to, purchasing licenses, IP address’, search terms used.
What type of data do we collect from you?
The personal data that we may collect from you includes your name, address, email address, phone numbers and IP addresses. We may also keep details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to search data and other communication data. We also retain records of your queries and correspondence, in the event you contact us.
How do we use your data?
We use information about you in the following ways:
To process orders that you have submitted to us;
To provide you with products and services;
To comply with our contractual obligations we have with you;
To help us identify you and any accounts you hold with us;
To enable us to review, develop and improve the website and services;
To provide customer care, including responding to your requests if you contact us with a query;
To administer accounts, process payments and keep track of billing and payments;
To detect fraud and to make sure what you have told us is correct;
To carry out marketing and statistical analysis;
To notify you about changes to our website and services;
To provide you with information about products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes; and
To inform you of service and price changes.
Retention periods
We will keep your personal data for the duration of the period you are a customer of robertharding. We shall retain your data only for as long as necessary in accordance with applicable laws.
On the closure of your account, we may keep your data for up to 7 years after you have cancelled your services with us. We may not be able to delete your data before this time due to our legal and/or accountancy obligations. We may also keep it for research or statistical purposes. We assure you that your personal data shall only be used for these purposes stated herein.
Who has access to your personal data?
Here is a list of all the ways that we may use your personal data and how we share the information with third parties.
Purchasing licenses
We process your data for administration, billing, support and the provision of services. Additionally, to provide transaction receipts and download links for assets licensed we use email addresses to provide the service.
Third Parties
For the avoidance of doubt, we do not and never shall sell your personal data to third parties for marketing or advertising purposes.
We work closely with a number of third parties (including business parties, service providers and fraud protection services) and we may receive information from them about you. These third parties may collect information about you including, but not limited to, your IP address. We use their features within our website, however, in some instances, they may be acting as data controller and they will have their own privacy policies, which we advise you to read.
We may pass your personal data to third parties for the provision of services on our behalf (for example processing your payment). However, we will only ever share information about you that is necessary to provide the service and we have specific contracts in place, which ensure your personal data is secure and will not be used for any marketing purposes.
We may share your information if we are acquired by a third party and therefore your data will be deemed an asset of the business. In these circumstances, we may disclose your personal data to the prospective buyer of our business, subject to both parties entering into appropriate confidentiality undertakings. Similarly, we may share your personal data if we are under a duty to disclose data in order to comply with any legal obligation or to protect the rights, property, or safety of robertharding, our customers, or others. This includes but is not limited to exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection, credit risk reduction and dispute policies. However, we will take steps with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected.
Your rights
In preventing the use or processing of your personal data, it may delay or prevent us from fulfilling our contractual obligations to you. It may also mean that we shall be unable to provide our services or process the cancellation of your service.
You have the right to object to our use of your personal data, or ask us to delete, remove or stop using it if there is no need for us to keep it. This is known as your right to be forgotten. There are legal and accountancy reasons why we will need to keep your data, but please do inform us if you think we are retaining or using your personal data incorrectly.
Our Privacy Notice shall be made clear to you at the point of collection of your personal data.
You can view, edit or delete your personal data through the robertharding ‘My Account’ section of our website. You can also make choices about robertharding collection of your data and how we use it.
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. If you choose not to receive marketing communications from us about our products and services, you will have the choice not to choose these by ticking the relevant boxes situated on the pages either at sign up or in the ‘My Account’ section of our website.
We will not contact you for marketing purposes unless you have given us your prior consent. You can change your marketing preferences at any time within your robertharding ‘My Account’ section of our website.
Accessing and updating your data
You must maintain the accuracy of your information and ensure all your details, including but not limited to, name, address, title, phone number and e-mail address are kept up to date at all times. You must do this by updating your personal details within your robertharding ‘My Account’ section of our website.
You have the right to access the information we hold about you. Please email your requests to info@robertharding.com so that we can obtain this information for you.
Use of cookies
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your orders. Cookies also enable us to keep track of which images you've selected to put in your Lightbox during each session. Cookies are small text files placed on your hard drive by web page servers; they are commonly used by web sites to provide identification. The cookie your computer accepts from us is uniquely yours and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. When you access your Robert Harding account, you will need to use a browser that supports cookies. Cookies pose no hazard to your computer. We do not use cookies to examine your online activities outside our website at any time.
Links to other sites
robertharding may provide links to third party sites. Since we do not control those websites, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third party sites. Any information that is supplied on these sites will not be within our control and we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of these.
Where we store your personal data
We follow accepted ISO standards to store and protect the personal data we collect, including the use of encryption if appropriate.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secured servers within the EEA. From time to time, your information may be transferred to and stored in a country outside the EEA in relation to provision of the services. The laws in these countries may not provide you with the same protection as in the EEA; however, any third party referred to above outside of the EEA has agreed to abide by European levels of data protection in respect of the transfer, processing and storage of any personal data. By providing your data to us, you agree to this transfer and storage. However, we will ensure that reasonable steps are taken to protect your data in accordance with this privacy notice.
As the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site and any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Any sensitive data (payment details for example) are encrypted and protected.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our website, you are responsible for keeping the password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Liability
We agree to take reasonable measures to protect your data in accordance with applicable laws and in accordance with our General Terms and Conditions: https://www.robertharding.com/terms-and-conditions.
Data Breaches
In the event of a data breach, we shall ensure that our obligations under applicable data protection laws are complied with where necessary.
Contact us
Please e-mail any questions or comments you have about privacy to us at info@robertharding.com
Your right to make a complaint
You have the right to make a complaint about how we process your personal data to the Information Commissioner:
https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
Information Commissioner's Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Tel: 0303 123 1113
If you have any questions about our "Privacy & Personal Details Policy" or wish to comment on any aspect of this website, please contact:
Michael Kelly
Digital Manager
robertharding
Or email us at info@robertharding.com