http://www.ejn.it/terms-conditions
Skip to main content
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
Pinterest
Flickr
Subscribe to our newsletter
RegisterLogin
Europe Jazz Network
AboutWho we are
EJN manifesto
History
EJN board & staff
Reports
Activities
Members
Join us
Live musicConcerts
Festivals
Clubs/venues
Management/bookingsOrganisations
Bookings
Media
Artistic proposals
News
Contacts
Search
Search form
Search
Terms & Conditions
You are hereHome » Terms & Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Please read these Terms and Conditions ("Terms", "Terms and Conditions") carefully before using the http://www.europejazz.net website operated by Europe Jazz Network ("us", "we", or "our").
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all registered users who use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service. Minors or people below 18 years old are not allowed to use this Website.
Access
Europe Jazz Network provides the http://www.europejazz.net website as a free service to all users. We are not responsible for, and expressly disclaims all liability for, damages of any kind arising out of use, reference to, or reliance on any information contained within the site. No guarantee is given that the information provided in this website is correct, complete, and up-to-date. Links to third-party sites do not constitute an endorsement of the parties or their services or products. The appearance on the website of services or products information does not constitute an endorsement by us, and we have not investigated the claims made by any user. Information is based primarily on content uploaded by users, if not indicated otherwise.
Restrictions
Certain areas of this website are restricted from being access by you and Europe Jazz Network may further restrict access by you to any areas of this Website, at any time, in absolute discretion. Any user ID and password you may have for this Website are confidential and you must maintain confidentiality as well.
Your Content
In these Terms, “Your Content” shall mean any audio, video text, images or other material you choose to display on this Website. By displaying Your Content, you grant Europe Jazz Network a non-exclusive, worldwide irrevocable, sub licensable license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute it in any and all media.
Your Content must be your own and must not be invading any third-party's rights. Europe Jazz Network reserves the right to remove any of Your Content from this Website at any time without notice.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
More information
You can check our privacy policy here: http://www.europejazz.net/privacy-policy
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us at webmaster@europejazz.net .
Update: October 2018
Cooperate
with the other
100+ members
Collect and share
information
and more
Exchange
artistic ideas
with members
Join Europe Jazz Network
EJN - Europe Jazz Network - Europe-wide association of producers and presenters of creative jazz and improvised musics 9, rue Gabrielle Josserand • 93500 Pantin France - SIRET Number 500 425 699 00013
Privacy policy | Terms & Conditions
This publication reflects the views only of the author, and the Commission cannot be held responsible for any use which may be made of the information contained therein.
Proud member of
RegisterLoginFacebook
Instagram
Twitter
Pinterest
Flickr
Subscribe to our newsletter