http://www.pixelimage.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policypiadmin2020-01-22T04:05:06+00:00
PIXEL IMAGE Ltd
Privacy policy
Revised 17/1/2020
Contact
Details
Address any enquiries to:
A. Murphy
Pixel Image Ltd
15/16 Queen Street
Edinburgh EH2 1JE
Email: Privacy@pixelimage.co.uk
Introduction We are committed to safeguarding
the privacy of our website visitors; in this policy we explain how we will
treat your personal information.By using our website and agreeing
to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms
of this policy.What type of information we collectWe currently collect and process the following
information:Personal identifiers, contacts and characteristics
(for example, name and contact details)Collecting
personal informationWe may collect, store and use the
following kinds of personal information:
(a)    information about your computer and about your visits to and use
of this website or online systems (including browser type and version,
operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views, website
navigation paths and pointer activity);
(b)    information that you provide to us when registering with our
website or online systems (including your email address);
(d)    information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing
to our email notifications and/or newsletters (including your name and email
address;
(e)    information that you provide to us when using the services on our
website, or online systems or that is generated in the course of the use of
those services (including the timing, frequency and pattern of service use);
(g)    information that you post to our website for publication on the
internet (including your user name and the content of your posts);
(h)    information contained in or relating to any communication that
you send to us or send through our website or online systems (including the
communication content and metadata associated with the communication); and
(i)     any other personal information that you choose to send to us
3.2    Before you disclose to us the personal information of another
person, you must obtain that person’s consent to both the disclosure and the
processing of that personal information in accordance with this policy.
Using
personal informationPersonal information submitted to
us through our website or online systems will be used for the purposes
specified in this policy or on the relevant pages of the website.We may use your personal
information to:
(a)    administer our website, online systems and business;
(b)    personalise our website or online systems for you;
(c)    enable your use of the services available on our website or
online systems;
(e)    send you non-marketing commercial communications;
(f)    send you email notifications that you have specifically requested;
(g)    send you our email newsletter, if you have requested it (you can
inform us at any time if you no longer require the newsletter);
(h)    send you marketing communications relating to our business which
we think may be of interest to you, by post or, where you have specifically
agreed to this, by email or similar technology (you can inform us at any time if
you no longer require marketing communications);
(i)     provide third parties with statistical information about our
users (but those third parties will not be able to identify any individual user
from that information);
(j)     deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating
to our website;
(k)    keep our website secure and prevent fraud; and
(l)     verify compliance with the terms and conditions governing the
use of our website.
4.3    We will not, without your express consent, supply your personal
information to any third party for the purpose of their or any other third
party’s direct marketing.
Disclosing
personal informationWe may disclose your personal
information to any of our employees, officers, insurers, professional advisers,
agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the
purposes set out in this policy.We may disclose your personal
information to any member of our group of companies (this means our
subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as
reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.We may disclose your personal
information:
(a)    to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
(b)    in connection with any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings;
(c)    in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights
(including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention
and reducing credit risk);
(d)    to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or
asset that we are (or are contemplating) selling; and
(e)    to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or
other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in
our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to
order disclosure of that personal information.
5.4   Except as provided in this policy, we will not provide your
personal information to third parties.
6.       Retaining
personal information
6.1    This Section 6 sets out our data retention policies and
procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal
obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal information.
6.2    Personal information that we process for any purpose or purposes
shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those
purposes.
6.3    Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 6, we will
retain documents (including electronic documents) containing personal data:
(a)    to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
(b)    if we believe that the documents may be relevant to any ongoing
or prospective legal proceedings; and
(c)    in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights
(including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention
and reducing credit risk).
7.       Security
of personal information
7.1    We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions
to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
7.2    We will store all the personal information you provide in an
encrypted format on our secure (password- and firewall-protected) servers.
7.3    You acknowledge that the transmission of information over the
internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent
over the internet.
7.4    You are responsible for keeping the password you use for
accessing our website confidential; we will not ask you for your password
(except when you log in to our website or online systems).
8.       Amendments
8.1    We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new
version on our website.
8.2    You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy
with any changes to this policy.
8.3    We may notify you of changes to this policy by email or through
the private messaging system on our website.
9.       Your
rights
Your right to rectification – You
have the right to ask us to rectify information you think is inaccurate. You
also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete.Your right to erasure – You have
the right to ask us to erase your personal information in certain
circumstances.Your right to object to processing
– You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data in
certain circumstances.Your right to data portability –
You have the right to ask that we transfer the information you gave us to
another organisation, or to you, in certain circumstances.You are not required to pay any
charge for exercising your rights. If you make a request, we have one month to
respond to you. provision of such information will be subject to:The
supply of appropriate evidence of your identity (for this purpose, we will
usually accept a photocopy of your passport certified by a solicitor or bank
plus an original copy of a utility bill showing your current address).Please
contact us at privacy@pixelimage.co.uk
or 15/16 Queens St, Edinburgh, EH2 1JE if you wish to make a request.How
to complainYou
can also complain to the ICO if you are unhappy with how we have used your
data.
The ICO’s address:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Helpline number: 0303 123 1113
9.3    You may instruct us at any time not to process your personal
information for marketing purposes.
9.4    In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to
our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide
you with an opportunity to opt out of the use of your personal information for
marketing purposes, if you have previously opted in.
10.    Third
party websites
10.1  Our website and online systems includes hyperlinks to, and details
of, third party websites.
10.2  We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy
policies and practices of third parties.
12.    Cookies
12.1  Our website uses cookies, please see our separate Cookie policy for
details.
13.    Data
protection registration
13.1  Pixel Image Limited’s registration number is: ZA409381
14.    Our
details
14.1  This website is owned and operated by Pixel Image Ltd.
14.2  We are registered in Scotland under registration number SC204703,
and our registered office is at 15 East Cromwell St, Edinburgh, EH6 6 HD,
UK.
14.3  Our principal place of business is at 15/16 Queen Street, Edinburgh
EH2 1JE, UK
14.4  You can contact us:
(a)    by post, using the postal address given above;
(c)    by telephone, on the contact number published on our website from
time to time; or
(d)    by email, using the email address published on our website from
time to time.
This site uses cookies.
We use non-personal cookies for analytics and some for marketing. There are also one or two to take care of security.
If you click 'Accept' this will allow us to use these Analytics and Marketing cookies. You have full control over which cookies may be set by clicking 'Settings'. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Cookie Overview
This site uses cookies.
You can set your preferences below and read our Cookie Policy.
Some are essential to the operation of the site, while others give us insights into how the site is used and allow us to personalize our services.
Only essential cookies are set when you first visit the site, and non-essential cookies will only be set if you agree via these settings.
For more information visit our Privacy Policy
Necessary
Always Enabled
Essential cookies enable core functionality. The website cannot function properly and securely without them. They can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences, and then some areas of website functionality may not be available to you.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on our website.
Analytical cookies help us to improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage.
We use the Facebook platform for some marketing activities, and Facebook will set some cookies for this purpose if you consent.