http://www.turbogrips.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home/DISCLAIMERS
DISCLAIMERSadmin@turbo2019-11-13T18:15:05+00:00
Who we areOur website address is: https://turbogrips.com
The European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) went into effect May 25th, 2018 and is designed to harmonize data privacy laws across Europe, to protect and empower all EU citizens data privacy and to reshape the way organizations across the region approach data privacy. The goal is to give EU citizens more control over their data by regulating the way companies store and process the personal data they collect. The GDPR will now apply to all companies processing data of data subjects living in the EU, whether the company is operating inside the EU or not. 2-N-1 Grips is fully committed to this new regulation and will work to ensure compliance with the GDPR.
If you are a citizen of the EU and want to know what data we may have on file for you, please contact us at the following address: info@turbogrips.com
Turbo Contact InformationHours:
Monday-Friday,
8:30a-5:00p Eastern Time.
Telephone: 800-530-9878
Location:
Turbo 2-N-1 Grips
46460 Continental
Chesterfield, MI 48047
Personal data that we collect and why we collect it
We save names, addresses and payment information in our accounting software whenever a customer makes an online purchase through our website.
We collect names and email addresses of anyone who has voluntarily signed up for our newsletters. This info is saved within our CRM and Constant Contact database and is not shared or used for anything other than email correspondence. If you choose to opt out of our newsletter cycle, the next time you receive one of our emails, simply click the unsubscribe link towards the bottom of the email.
We also store names and email addresses in our website database whenever someone makes a comment on our site.
Additionally we use Google Analytics with our website. This tool helps us to see how many visitors our websites receive, how long users stay, what kind of devices they are using to view the site, which pages are viewed the most and so on. Although we have access to these analytics, Google sends the data collected from users’ devices anonymously. In other words, we know how our sites are being used, but not who the users are.
Go to Top