http://www.autobar.com/www.selecta.com/our-company/legal-information/
Just gradients. Used via CSS.
Products & Brands
Sectors
Services
Our company
Investors
Contact Us
Careers
Data Privacy Notice
Country
Netherlands
Austria
France
Norway
Belgium
Great Britain
Sweden
Denmark
Switzerland
Spain
Finland
Ireland
Selecta Group
Germany
Coffee Machines
Vending Machines
Brands
FOODIE'S - the innovative workplace solution
Convenient hygiene and safety solutions
Sectors
Services Portfolio
Payment Options
About us
Media
Careers
Legal Information
Sustainability
Partners
Our Business
Financial Information
Investor Contacts
See all Vending Machines
Hot Drinks
Cold Drinks
Snacks
Water Dispenser
See all Brands
Starbucks
Starbucks Workplace
Lavazza
Miofino
Pelican Rouge
See all Sectors
Workplace
Education
Healthcare
Manufacturing & Logistics
Public Transport
Convenience
See all Services Portfolio
Fully Managed Service
Elite Care Technical Service
Office Coffee Service
Coffee Service
Hot Drinks Supplies
Finance Options
Pan European Vending Service
See all Our Business
Senior Management
Our Business Model
See all Financial Information
Results, News & Presentations
Financial Reports
Bond Information
Financial Calendar
Investor Alert Service
Contact Us
Careers
Data Privacy Notice
Country
Netherlands
Austria
France
Norway
Belgium
Great Britain
Sweden
Denmark
Switzerland
Spain
Finland
Ireland
Selecta Group
Germany
Italy
Luxembourg
Liechtenstein
Search
By accessing the Selecta Internet Websites you declare to accept these terms and conditions as set out below and as amended from time to time.
1. NO WARRANTY AND NO LIABILITY
While Selecta is making great efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information, we make no representations or warranties, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information provided on this Website and disclaim any liability for the use of this Website or any website linked to it. Selecta may change this Website at any time without notice but does not assume any responsibility to update it.
All users explicitly agree that all access and use of this Website and on any website linked to from this Website and the content thereof is fully at their own risk. Neither Selecta nor any other party involved in creating, producing or delivering this Website or on any website linked to from this Website shall be liable in any manner whatsoever for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of your access, use or inability to use this Website or any website linked to from this Website, or any errors or omissions in the content thereof.
2. NO OFFER AND NO SOLICITATION
The information provided on this Website does not constitute an offer of or solicitation for the purchase or disposal of, trading or any transaction in any Selecta securities. Investors must not rely on this information for investment decisions.
For any Selecta E-shop, the respective General Terms and Conditions are accepted by using the respective Selecta E-shop.
3. FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION
This page may contain forward-looking information. Such information is subject to a variety of significant uncertainties, including for example business, economic, regulatory, environmental and financial factors, and therefore actual results may differ significantly from those presented.
4. LINKS
Links to third party pages are provided for convenience only. We do not express any opinion on the content of any third party pages and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for all third party information and the use of it.
5. TRADEMARKS
The protection of the Websites and of their content by copyright or other laws remains reserved. The Selecta and other trademarks, logos, service marks and business names of the Selecta Group displayed on the Websites are protected and registered.
Any unauthorized use of content or information posted on the Websites and any unauthorized reproduction, retransmission or other use of any part of the Websites may infringe Selecta's or third parties’ copyrights, trademarks, privacy, publicity or other rights.
Requests for reproduction permissions may be addressed to info@selecta.com.
6. COPYRIGHT
The Website of Selecta and the information contained and referenced therein are for informational purposes only. Any reproduction, retransmission or other use in whatsoever way is strictly prohibited. Request for permission to reproduce any information contained on this Website should be addressed to the Selecta Webmaster.
7. PRIVACY POLICY
The Internet is generally not a secure environment. You acknowledge that the Internet is an open network and can be accessed by anybody. Furthermore, data exchanged between you and Selecta over the Internet may be transferred across borders.
Selecta treats personal data and information (“Data”) in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
When you visit the Website, when you register with Selecta and when you use the Website, Selecta automatically receives and records information on its server logs from your browser, including your IP address and your use of the Website.
Selecta collects Data about your postings and transactions and your use of Selecta products and services. Selecta uses such Data for the following general purposes: to provide services to you, to contact you, to conduct research, and to provide internal reporting.
Selecta may set and access Selecta cookies and web bugs on your computer. Such information is collected primarily for purposes of monitoring usage and performance of the Website and for facilitating your movement within the Website.
Selecta may use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google") and by using Selecta Websites, you consent to the processing of data about you by Selecta, Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. Google Analytics uses "cookies" and the information generated by the cookie about your use of the Selecta Websites (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Selecta Websites, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Please visit Google's website if you want to know more about Google's privacy policy.
Each country will need to translate the copy and action this by 27 June when reCaptcha will be activated on your website.
Google reCAPTCHA: In connection with our online forms we use the service Google reCAPTCHA, which is offered by Google, Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountainview, California 94043, USA ("Google"). Google reCAPTCHA is used to check whether data is entered into online forms by a person or by an automated program, script or the like. To this end, Google reCAPTCHA analyzes the behavior of the person entering the data using various features. This analysis starts automatically as soon as the corresponding web page is accessed. For analysis Google reCAPTCHA evaluates various information (e.g. IP address, identification data of the used browser, browser settings, browser plugins, URL of the referring website, time spent on the respective website, mouse movements, input behaviour of the data-enter such as input speed, sequence and selection of inputs etc., CSS and JavaScript on the respective website and Google cookies). The data collected during the analysis is forwarded to a Google server in the USA, where it is stored and evaluated. No personal data is read out or saved from the online forms.
Google has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield, which you can read here https://policies.google.com/privacy/frameworks?hl=en.
Further information about Google reCAPTCHA and Google's privacy policy can be found here https://www.google.com/recaptcha/intro/android.html and here https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/. The processing of personal data through Google reCAPTCHA is based on Article 6 (1) lit. f GDPR. Purpose and our legitimate interest are to protect our online forms from improper automated use, spying and spam.
If you do not wish to receive cookies, please configure your Internet browser to erase all cookies from your computer's hard drive, to block all cookies or to receive a warning before a cookie is stored. If you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Selecta Websites.
Children and young people under the age of 18 are advised to get permission from a parent or guardian before submitting personally identifiable data to Selecta Websites.
Any communication or material you transmit to the Website by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions or the like, is, and will be treated as, non confidential and nonproprietary and you agree that Selecta may use such communications or materials for its purposes.
Selecta reserves the right to send you certain communications relating to Selecta services. If you wish to opt-out from receiving such communications, please inform info@selecta.com.
Selecta does not rent, sell, or share Data with third parties. Selecta limits access to Data to employees and service providers who reasonably need to have access to Data. Selecta maintains physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in order to keep Data secure and requires similar safeguards from its service providers.
Should you have any queries relating to your Data please do not hesitate to contact info@Selecta.com.
8. CHANGES
Selecta reserves the right to make changes to the Website in any way, at any time, for any reason without prior notice.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. By continuing to use this website you are giving consent to cookies being used.