https://www.blackwing.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy & Security Policies
Privacy
Blackwing Ostrich Meats Inc. does not rent, trade, loan, or sell your personal information, or any other information which may identify you, to third parties. For more detailed information on our privacy policy, please see additional information below.
Secure Servers
Our secure server uses advanced encryption and firewall technology to keep your personal information private. Our secure server layer (SSL) software completely encrypts the information you input so that it cannot be read as it travels to our ordering system. We have extremely strong security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of your information while it is in our control.
Privacy Policy Details
Blackwing Ostrich Meats, Inc. (BOMI) and its subsidiaries respect your right to privacy. We may change or add to this privacy policy at any time without notice, so we encourage you to review it periodically. BOMI reserves the right to vary this policy state by state as required by law. By purchasing our products or using our services or website, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with the following privacy policy. This privacy policy will tell you:
What information is collected by BOMI
How we may use and share information
How we protect the information
How you may contact BOMI
BOMI POINTS OF CONTACT The BOMI points of contact include, but are not limited to:
BOMI stores, our merchandise sales website www.blackwing.com , BOMI customer service line for ordering products, and communications with BOMI customer relations department;
Any other website or on-line service that may be provided from time to time by BOMI.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT? Consumer Information We receive and may keep information voluntarily given to us when you decided to make a purchase, register on our BOMI website, take part in a special promotion, or provide any other information or unique preferences to better serve you. This information may include:
Your name, address and phone number
Date of birth
Your e-mail address
Proof of your identity
Any other information that BOMI may voluntarily collect from you from time to time on its website or through alternate means. It might also include information you provide us about other people. For example, you may provide us with some of the same information as above (name and address) for a merchandise gift recipient. When you provide us with personal information about the intended recipient of a shipment, we use that information for the purposes of processing the shipment and, in some cases, to communicate with the intended recipient to provide information pertaining to the status of the shipment. We rely on you to obtain the intended recipient's consent to our use of their personal information for these limited purposes.
Information from Other Sources We may receive information about you from other sources such as updated address information. This information may help us to improve our ability to serve your needs such as ensuring the accurate delivery of direct mail materials. Use of Cookies and Other Technology We want you to be aware that certain online tools exist to help us serve and recognize you when you visit one of our websites. For your convenience, to help us personalize your experience or better serve your needs, we may receive and store certain types of information when you visit one of our websites. You may be familiar with the term "cookies." These cookies may be placed on your computer when you click on an e-mail, banner, or on the site directly. We use this information to understand how users navigate to and around our websites, view product pages, access content and make purchases. ONCE INFORMATION IS RECEIVED, HOW IS IT USED AND/OR SHARED? Within Blackwing Ostrich Meats Inc. (BOMI) Information we collect from you may be shared between all points of contact within BOMI and its subsidiaries. We use this information to offer you special offers, new products, and services and may share your information with sister companies. In addition, BOMI may use such information to:
Provide you with timely and reliable fulfillment of requests
Do all things necessary to administer those services
Deliver merchandise and services that you purchase online
Facilitate payment for your purchases
Confirm your orders and delivery information
Respond to your customer service inquiries or requests
Communicate offers, benefits and featured items to you
Administer giveaways, contests, birthday programs and similar promotions
Find and stock the products you want
Customize your shopping experience and other uses as determined by BMOI
Outside Blackwing Ostrich Meats Inc. (BOMI) Certain business services are performed on BOMI s behalf and at BOMI 's request by other companies. We may share your information with selected vendors that perform services for BOMI or to others for other marketing purposes. To perform these services, these companies may, at times, utilize some of the information you have provided BOMI. This information is used for the purposes BOMI has requested such as maintaining our database, administering and monitoring e-mails, and contest administration. We may also share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when (1) permitted or required by law, or (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions, or (3) investigating fraud that has already taken place. In addition, BOMI reserves the right to disclose personal information to a third party if a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order legally requires or authorizes us to do so. In all cases, this information is not provided to these entities for purposes of marketing to a BOMI customer. Retention of Personal Information BOMI retains your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected and to comply with applicable laws. Your consent to such purposes(s) remains valid after any termination of our relationship with you. Right to Transfer BOMI also reserves the right to disclose and/or transfer personal information to a third party in the event of a proposed or actual purchase, sale (including, but not limited to, liquidation, realization, foreclosure or repossession), lease, merger, amalgamation or any other type of acquisition, disposal, transfer, conveyance or financing of all or any portion of BOMI or of any of the business, assets or shares of BOMI or a division thereof. BOMI may decide to retain a copy of the information after the sale or transfer for any use. MISCELLANEOUS Our Policy on gathering information from and communicating with children online We recognize the unique privacy concerns regarding children. Pursuant to COPPA guidelines, we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information online from children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian is made aware that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information without their consent, please contact us by email or at the address listed above, and we will remove the information about the individual from our marketing database. Our Commitment to Data Security BOMI makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that personal information collected from you is protected against loss and unauthorized access. This protection applies in relation to information stored in both electronic and hard copy form. BOMI uses industry standard security techniques on our websites to help protect against the loss, misuse or modification of information that you have provided. When you access your personal information or transmit personally identifiable data to us, that information is stored on servers that we have used commercially reasonable efforts to protect from unauthorized access or intrusion. While we implement the above security measures, you should be aware that 100% security is not possible. Know How to Identify Blackwing Ostrich Meats (BOMI) Email To help you protect your information, we will never ask for the following:
We will never send you an email asking you to verify financial account or credit card account information.
We will never send you an email requesting personal information such as passwords, social security number, driver's license number or your mother's maiden name.
We will never send you an email that threatens to terminate your account.
×
Registered Customers
If you have an account, sign in with your email address.
Email
Password
Sign In
Forgot Your Password?
©2020 Blackwing Meats. All Rights Reserved. Web Design & Development by