http://www.bmy.com.au/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Liability limited by a Scheme approved under Professional Standards LegislationBMY2019-08-21T16:58:02+08:00
Privacy Policy
Effective 1 June 2016
1.Introduction
This privacy statement applies to BM&Y which control and make use of personal information collected by the staff of BM&Y, via its web-site or through personal contact via telephone, email or fax. This statement is provided in accordance with the Privacy Act and
the National Privacy Principles which are set out in that Act.
2.Information Collection
The type of information collected and held by BM&Y pertaining to individuals and entities include the following:
Name
Date of birth
Address, including email addresses
Telephone and Fax numbers
Occupation
Gender
Details of next of kin, spouse and children
Tax File Number
ABN, ACN
Financial data
Previous correspondence with government bodies
Statutory certificates of registrations
This information may come from the following sources:
Potential and existing employees and their authorised representative
Potential and existing clients and their authorised representative
Parents of minors
Independent contractors
Public domain Registers
Sensitive Information
It is not our practice to collect and hold sensitive information relating to race, ethnicity or country of origin, physical or mental health, sexual orientation, political opinions and beliefs, religious opinions or beliefs, association memberships and criminal records. BM&Y will, where necessary, collect and use such information only with the explicit consent of the individual concerned.
3.Information Use
BM&Y collects and uses personal information, only by lawful and fair means, in order to fulfil our contractual agreement with you, i.e. to consider applications from potential employees, and for potential and existing clients – to prepare and lodge financial statements, tax returns, activity statements and other ATO and ASIC statutory compliance forms.
We pride ourselves as being a professional firm of the highest integrity and therefore any information collected will be treated in strict confidence and will be held with utmost care and confidentiality.
4.Disclosure to Third Parties
Where it is appropriate and necessary, all personal information collected by BM&Y will be disclosed to the relevant statutory authorities and other third parties, ONLY with prior approval and/or written consent of the individual or their authorised representative, except in circumstances where disclosure is required under law as part of a legal investigation matter.
If you require access to your own personal information or require changes and updates to be made, please contact the Accountant responsible for handling your affairs.
5.Information Quality & Security
BM&Y will take all reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we collect, use or disclose is accurate, complete and current.
BM&Y will also take all reasonable steps to protect the personal information it holds to prevent unauthorised access, misuse or loss.
6.Identifiers
It is not our policy to adopt Commonwealth identifier numbers, such as Tax File Numbers, Veteran Affairs or passport numbers, as the identifier of an individual.
7.Complaints
If you have any complaints about our privacy practices and wish to make a complaint about how your personal information is managed, please contact the Managing Director at:
BM&Y
PO Box 157
Subiaco WA 6904
Tel : +61 8 9346 9100
Fax : +61 8 9346 9101
Email : bmy@bmy.com.au
BM&Y will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your complaint will be investigated and any matters resolved in a timely and responsible manner.
Close
Share
Toggle Fullscreen
Zoom
Previous
Next