http://www.crtd.co.uk/privacy.php
You are here: Home > Privacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy & Cookies Policy
City Rewinds & Drives Ltd are committed to protecting your privacy online.
What personal data do we process and why?
We only collect your name, address, telephone number and email address under the following circumstances:
You register an interest via our website online enquiries
You contact our Sales via telephone / email or as a result of a visit from one of our sales representatives requesting quotations and information.
The supply of Sales Invoices, statements etc.
You ask to be placed on our mailing lists.
We collect this information for legitimate business reasons and only store contact information in line with legal requirements.
Our workshop and offices are protected by CCTV for the safety of our employees, clients and visitors. CCTV images are stored for a reasonable amount of time and may, in the case of theft for example, be passed to third parties if they have and can prove a legal right to access.
We collect these images for legitimate business and security reasons.
Sharing of personal information
Third party companies may be engaged by City Rewinds & Drives Ltd to perform a variety of functions, such as monitoring this website, fulfilling orders and providing technical services. These companies may have access to personal information if needed to perform such functions. However, these companies may only use such personal information for the purpose of performing that function and may not use it for any other purpose.
City Rewinds & Drives Ltd do not sell, transfer or disclose email addresses or any other personal information to third parties.
City Rewinds & Drives Ltd reserve the right to use or disclose any information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of this website, to fulfil your requests, or to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or an investigation on a matter of health and safety.
Accessing your information
You are in control of any personal information you provide to us online. If at any time you would like to correct the personal information we have about you, please contact us.
In order to review any personal information we have collected about you via this website or to ask us to delete that information or to stop further use of the information, please contact us.
Your consent
By submitting any personal information to us you consent to the use of information as set out in this privacy policy. We reserve the right to amend or modify this privacy policy and if we do so we will post the changes on our website. It is your responsibility to check this privacy policy every time you submit information to us. Your use will signify that you agree to any such changes. You have a right to request withdrawal of consent at any time.
Your right to be forgotten and withdrawal of consent
Under Article 17 of the GDPR individuals have the right to have personal data erased. This is also known as the ‘right to be forgotten’. The right is not absolute and only applies in certain circumstances, details of which can be found on the Information Commissioner’s Office website. https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/right-to-erasure/. We will action any right to be forgotten within one month of the request being made to us unless we have a legal obligation to keep or in the exercise or defence of legal claims.
Cookies
"Cookies" are small text files containing information that a web site transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes.
This website uses Google Analytics to help analyse how visitors use the site. The tool uses cookies to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors' use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.
We do not allow any third party to use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any personally identifiable information of visitors to our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifiable information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a contact form on our website.
Links to other websites
We offer links to sites that are not operated by City Rewinds & Drives Ltd. If you visit one of these linked sites, you should review their privacy and cookie policies.
Contact Information
If you have any queries regarding our Privacy Policy please contact the office by mail, telephone or email via our Contact page.
You may also contact us in respect of any complaint relating to the processing of your personal data. You may also raise a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) at https://ico.org.uk/.
Certified Parker Distributor Electromechanical-Drives
Services
Workshop
AC & DC Motor Rewinds
Pump Repairs
Fan Repairs
Geared Motor Repairs
Engineering Services
Dynamic Balancing
Site
On-Site Services
Thermographic & Vibration Analysis
Diagnostics & Fault Finding
Electrical Control
Energy Saving
AC Motors
3-phase Brook Crompton IE2
2-pole, 4-pole & 6-pole High Efficiency
3-Phase Brook Crompton IE3
2-pole, 4-pole & 6-pole Premium Efficiency
3-Phase TEC IE2
2-pole, 4-pole & 6-pole High Efficiency
3-Phase TEC IE3
2-pole, 4-pole & 6-pole Premium Efficiency
1-Phase Motors
2-pole & 4-pole
AC Drives
Parker SSD
AC10 Series (IP.20)
AC10 Series (IP.66)
AC30 Series
AC650V Series
AC690+ Series
AC890 Series
Vacon
Vacon 10
Vacon 20
Vacon NXL
Vacon NXS
Vacon 100 HVAC
Vacon 100X
Other Vacon Drives
DC Drives
Parker Analog Drives
506/507/508 Series (1Q)
512 Series (2Q)
514 Series (4Q)
Parker Digital Drives
590P Integrator Series (2Q or 4Q)
Servo Drives
Parker DIGIVEX Drives
DLD Series
DSD / DMD / DPD Series
DSM / DMM / DPM Series
Parker 638 Series
638 Series
Parker Compax3 Series
Compax 3 Series
Control Panels
Pumps
Geared Units
Home
Meet the Team
Quality Statement
Vacancies
Contact Us
24 Hour Telephone 0116­ 276 4949
Company
Home
Meet the Team
Quality Statement
Vacancies
Contact Us
Products
AC Motors
AC Drives
DC Drives
Pumps
Geared Units
Services
AC & DC Motor Rewinds
Pump Repairs
Fan Repairs
Geared Motor Repairs
Engineering Services
Dynamic Balancing
On-Site Services
Thermographic & Vibration Analysis
Diaganostics & Fault Finding
Energy Saving
Legal
Terms & Conditions
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Accessibility Information
Contact Us
Tel: 0116­ 276 4949
Fax: 0116­ 276 7171
Email: enquiries@crtd.co.uk
City Rewinds & Drives LtdUnit K2Troon Way Business CentreHumberstone LaneLeicester LE4 9HAUnited Kingdom
Registered in England.Company number 3991466
© 2020 City Rewinds & Drives Ltd. All rights reserved. Web Design by 1st WebDesigns.