http://www.thor.co.za/privacy-policy/
Home
Portfolio
Contact
Thor |
Privacy Policy
22
page-template-default,page,page-id-22,ajax_fade,page_not_loaded,,qode_grid_1300,side_area_uncovered_from_content,footer_responsive_adv,qode-content-sidebar-responsive,qode-child-theme-ver-1.0.0,qode-theme-ver-13.1.2,qode-theme-bridge,wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-5.4.5,vc_responsive
Privacy Policy
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:Thor Project & Design Consultants ("Thor Project & Design Consultants") operates thor.co.za and may operate other websites. It is Thor's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Thor Project & Design Consultants collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Thor's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Thor's visitors use its website. From time to time, Thor Project & Design Consultants may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Thor Project & Design Consultants also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on thor.co.za blogs/sites. Thor Project & Design Consultants only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Thor's websites choose to interact with Thor Project & Design Consultants in ways that require Thor Project & Design Consultants to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Thor Project & Design Consultants gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at thor.co.za to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Thor Project & Design Consultants are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Thor Project & Design Consultants collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Thor Project & Design Consultants. Thor Project & Design Consultants does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Thor Project & Design Consultants may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Thor Project & Design Consultants may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Thor Project & Design Consultants does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Thor Project & Design Consultants discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Thor's behalf or to provide services available at Thor's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Thor's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Thor Project & Design Consultants will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Thor Project & Design Consultants discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Thor Project & Design Consultants believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Thor Project & Design Consultants, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Thor Project & Design Consultants website and have supplied your email address, Thor Project & Design Consultants may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Thor Project & Design Consultants and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Thor Project & Design Consultants takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Thor Project & Design Consultants uses cookies to help Thor Project & Design Consultants identify and track visitors, their usage of Thor Project & Design Consultants website, and their website access preferences. Thor Project & Design Consultants visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Thor's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Thor's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Thor Project & Design Consultants, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Thor Project & Design Consultants goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Thor Project & Design Consultants may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Thor Project & Design Consultants and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Thor Project & Design Consultants may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Thor's sole discretion. Thor Project & Design Consultants encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a thor.co.za account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.