https://www.jurlique.com/au/giftcard-terms-conditions.html
Welcome to Jurlique Australia
Looks like you're in the USA! Sign-up and shop on Jurlique Australia and enjoy your welcome offer and free shipping on your first order.
Continue to Australia
Shop in USA
Enjoy free standard delivery on orders over $50. Shop Now
12 Days of Christmas is here. Discover a new offer, everyday. Shop Now
-->
Nutri-Define
Shop Now
Hands
By Category
Hand Creams
Hand Wash and Hand Treatments
Hand Sanitiser
Shop all Hand Care
Body
By Category
Body Moisturisers
Body Exfoliators
Shower Gels
Hair Care
Body Care Sets
Shop all Body Care
Aromatherapy
Gifts & Sets
By Category
All Gifts & Sets
Gifts for Face
Gifts for Hands & Body
Spas
Our Spas
Jurlique Spa Experience
Spa Treatment Menu
Virtual Skin Care Consultation
Why Jurlique
By Category
Our Story
Our Commitment
Our Farm
Our Unique Process
Our Ingredients
Blog
Sign In
Create An Account
Customer Service
Returns and Exchanges
Shipping and Delivery
About My Account
Customer FAQs
Spa FAQs
Farm Tour FAQs
Gift Card and Offer T&Cs
Contact Us
Gift Card and Offer Terms & Conditions
On this page you will find:
Promotion Terms & Conditions
Voucher Terms & Conditions
Gift Card Terms & Conditions
TerraCycle Terms & Conditions
Bazaarvoice Review Competition Terms & Conditions
Birkenhead Outet Conditions of Sale
Canberra Centre Competition
Moisturising Hand Sanitiser Purchase With Purchase Offer
20% Off Promotion
Promotion Terms & Conditions
“Promo Code” means a code that must be entered at checkout on online transactions in order to receive a discount or benefit.
Each promo code is subject to (a) the specific terms and conditions stated on the promo code offer and (b) these general promo code terms and conditions. In the event of any inconsistency, the former prevails.
Not redeemable for cash and cannot be used to purchase gift cards.
Valid for qualifying purchases made on Jurlique.com.au.
Must be redeemed within the validity period.
Not redeemable on gift sets, sets, bundles, sale items, gift card purchases and spa treatments unless expressly stated otherwise.
Cannot be applied to previously placed orders or products not in stock at the time of purchase. No rainchecks.
Discounts are applied prior to shipping, handling and sales tax charges.
Promo codes cannot be combined with other offers and can only be redeemed once per customer unless otherwise stated.
Not transferable or redeemable for cash or credit.
To apply a promo code, you must enter it at checkout prior to completing the order.
Ongoing offers are subject to change without notice.
Voucher Terms & Conditions
“Voucher” means a voucher that must be presented instore to redeem a specified discount or benefit.
Vouchers (“Vouchers”) are subject to (a) the specific terms and conditions stated on the Voucher; and (b) these general Voucher terms and conditions. In the event of any inconsistency, the former prevails.
Not redeemable for cash and cannot be used to purchase gift cards.
Must be redeemed within the validity period.
Must be used in one transaction. May only be redeemed once, unless expressly stated otherwise.
Not redeemable on gift sets, other sets, limited edition items or sale unless expressly stated otherwise.
Cannot be applied to previously placed orders or products not in stock at the time of purchase. No rainchecks.
If no expiry date is stated on the Voucher, Vouchers will expire 3 months from the date of issue.
Voucher must be surrendered in store upon redemption.
If purchase exceeds the Voucher amount, the balance must be paid by other available payment options.
Expired Vouchers are not redeemable and voucher amounts will not be refunded or credited when expired.
Defaced, mutilated, altered, lost or stolen Vouchers will not be replaced, refunded or redeemed.
Jurlique does not accept any responsibility for lost or stolen Vouchers.
Jurlique reserves the right to verify the identity of the bearer and to change the terms of use at any time without notice.
Gift Card Terms & Conditions
“Gift Card” means an electronic or physical card that has prepaid currency loaded onto it to be spent on Jurlique product in accordance with these terms and conditions.
Physical gift cards may be redeemed at Jurlique concepts store in Australia. Online gift cards are not currently available on jurlique.com.au.
The value of the gift card includes GST.
Not redeemable for cash and cannot be used to purchase other gift cards or other tender. Cannot be exchanged.
Gift cards will expire 36 months from the date of issue, unless expressly stated otherwise.
If purchase exceeds the gift card amount, the balance must be paid by other available payment options.
Must be redeemed within the validity period.
Physical gift cards must be surrendered upon redemption in full.
Expired gift cards are not redeemable and gift card amounts will not be refunded or credited when expired.
We reserve the right to cancel any gift card for any reason at any time without notice. In such instances we will elect to provide a refund or a replacement gift card.
Gift cards are treated like cash. Defaced, mutilated, altered, lost or stolen vouchers will not be replaced, refunded or redeemed.
We reserve the right to correct the balance of your gift card if we believe that a clerical or accounting error has occurred.
Jurlique does not accept any responsibility for lost gift cards.
Jurlique reserves the right to verify the identity of the bearer and to change the terms of use at any time without notice.
TerraCycle Terms & Conditions
Jurlique Recycling Program discount available on the return of empty Jurlique packaging at Jurlique standalone stores only. 10% discount applied to one product for each item of empty packaging returned for recycling. Discount is valid on full price products storewide. Excludes purchase of Gift Sets, Gift Vouchers, Limited Editions and Treatments. Not to be used in conjunction with any other offer.
Bazaarvoice Review Competition Terms & Conditions
Conditions of Entry
1. Participation in this promotion is deemed acceptance of these terms and conditions.
2. The Promoter is Jurlique International Pty Ltd located at Level 9, 151 Castlereagh Street, Sydney NSW (Promoter). Permit number LTPM-19-04218
3. This competition is open to all Australian residents aged 18 and over. Directors, management, employees, officers and contractors (and their immediate families) of the Promoter or of the agencies or companies associated with this Promotion are ineligible to enter.
4. The competition commences at midnight on the first day of each month and concludes at 11.59pm on the last day of each month (Promotional Period). All times are AEST.
How to enter
5. To enter, participants must leave a review on the Jurlique website during the Promotional Period.
6. The winner will be drawn at random by a Jurlique staff member at Level 9, 151 Castlereagh Street, Sydney on the 6th business day of each following month at 10am.
7. Each month’s winner will be notified by email before the 8th business day of every month.
8. If the prize is not claimed by the 4th business day of the month following the original draw at 10am, the winner’s entry will be deemed invalid and the Promoter reserves the right to conduct further judging at 10am on the 6th business day of the month following the original draw at the same location as the original judging as are necessary to distribute the prize.
9. If any redrawn prize is not claimed by final day of the month, the prize will be forfeited.
Prize
10. Each month there is one (1) Jurlique gift voucher to the value of $150 AUD to be won.
11. This is a game of chance, skill plays no part. The prize will be drawn at random. Jurlique requests that people only leave honest reviews. Favourable reviews stand no greater chance at winning.
Other
12. The Promoter reserves the right to verify the validity of entries (including an entrant’s identity, age and place of residence) and to disqualify any eligible entrant where the Promoter believes that the entry or the entry process has been tampered with or where any entry has been submitted not in accordance with the Terms and Conditions.
13. The Promoter accepts no responsibility for any lost, late, misdirected claims or correspondence due to incorrect entrant information.
14. The Promoter collects entrants' personal information in order to conduct the promotion. If the information requested is not provided, the entrant may not be able to participate in the promotion. All personal information collected will be dealt with in accordance with Australian privacy laws and the Promoter’s Privacy Policy, which can be viewed at www.jurlique.com.au. The Promoter will not disclose this information to anyone other than contractors who provide services to the Promoter for the purposes of conducting this promotion unless compelled or permitted by law. The contact details of the winning entry may be passed onto a third party for prize notification and fulfilment.
15. If the prize is unavailable, the Promoters, in their discretion, reserve the right to substitute the prize with a prize to the equal value and/or specification, subject to any written directions from a regulatory authority.
16. The Promoter reserves the right, at its sole discretion and without notice, to cancel, modify or suspend these terms and/or this promotion in whole or in part, including, but not limited to in the event of fraud, technical or other difficulties or if the integrity of the Promotion is compromised, subject to any written directions from the various lottery departments and without liability to the participant.
17. The prize (including any unused portion of the prize) cannot be assigned, transferred, redeemed for cash, or substituted except by the Promoter who may at their sole discretion, subject to the relevant state authorities, substitute any prize with one of comparable value if the advertised prize is or becomes unavailable for any reason. The Promoter will not replace any lost or stolen prizes, or take responsibility for any broken products in the delivery of the product or after it has been delivered. It is not the responsibility of the Promoter to insure any products.
18. Entrants consent to the Promoter using the entrant’s name, likeness, image and/or voice in the event that they are a winner (inc. photograph, film, and/or recording of the same) in any media for an unlimited time without notice or remuneration for the purpose of promoting this competition.
19. To the extent permitted by law, the Promoter (including its officers, employees and agents) and its associated agencies and companies will not be liable for any loss (including, without limitation, direct, indirect, special or consequential loss, or loss of profits), expense, damage, personal injury or death which is suffered or sustained (whether or not arising from any person's negligence) in connection with this promotion or accepting or using any prize. 20. No individual prize exceeds $250 and total value of prizes do not exceed $50,000 in a 12 month period.
Birkenhead Outlet Conditions of Sale and Returns Policy
Birkenhead Outlet Conditions of Sale
Products are Sold ‘As Is’
Please note that the products in this outlet store may have a shorter shelf life than products sold in other Jurlique stores so please check the expiry date prior to purchase as all products are sold on an ‘as is’ basis.
$1,000 Purchase Limit
We would like to give all Customers the opportunity to purchase discounted Jurlique products so you may only purchase a maximum of 3 units of any one product at any time and the total amount of any one transaction must not exceed $1,000.
Canberra Centre Competition
Terms and Conditions
Conditions of Entry
1.	Participation in this promotion is deemed acceptance of these terms and conditions.
2.	The Promoter is Jurlique International Pty Ltd located at is Level 7, 227 Elizabeth Street, Sydney NSW.
3.	This competition is open to all Australian residents. Directors, management, employees, officers and contractors (and their immediate families) of the Promoter or of the agencies or companies associated with this Promotion are ineligible to enter. Minimum age is 16 to enter
4.	The competition commences on 12th September 2020 at 9:00am, and concludes on 11th October 2020 at 11:59pm (Promotional Period). All times are AEST.
How to enter
5.	To enter, participants must, during the Promotional Period, sign up to become a Jurlique Insider at the Canberra Centre Jurlique Concept store and agree to receive promotional and marketing emails from Jurlique.
6.	The judging will take place at 12th October 2020.
7.	The winner will be chosen at random.
8.	The judges’ decision in relation to any aspect of the competition is final and binding on each person who enters. This is a game of chance.
9.	Winner will be notified by phone and email on or about the 12th October 2020
10.	If the prize is not claimed by 26th October 2020 , the winner’s entry will be deemed invalid and the Promoter reserves the right to conduct further judging at midday on 27th October 2020 at the same location as the original judging as is necessary to distribute the prize.
11.	If any redrawn prize is not claimed by final day of the month, the prize will be forfeited.
Prize
12.	(1) Anti-stress facial & Aromatic Foot Ritual & Nurturing Back Massage (total time 75mins) plus ‘The Essentials Gift’ which includes; Activating Water Essence 10mL, Rosewater Balancing Mist 30mL, Herbal Recovery Signature Serum 5mL, Rose Hand Cream 15mL. (2) 1 (3) Treatment valued at $170 and essentials gift valued at $68 (4) Prize cannot be exchanged or transferred to another individual.
Other
13.	The Promoter reserves the right to verify the validity of entries (including an entrant’s identity, age and place of residence) and to disqualify any eligible entrant where the Promoter believes that the entry or the entry process has been tampered with or where any entry has been submitted not in accordance with the Terms and Conditions.
14.	The Promoter accepts no responsibility for any lost, late, misdirected claims or correspondence due to incorrect entrant information.
15.	The Promoter collects entrants' personal information in order to conduct the promotion. If the information requested is not provided, the entrant may not be able to participate in the promotion. All personal information collected will be dealt with in accordance with Australian privacy laws and the Promoter’s Privacy Policy, which can be viewed at www.jurlique.com.au. The Promoter will not disclose this information to anyone other than contractors who provide services to the Promoter for the purposes of conducting this promotion unless compelled or permitted by law. The contact details of the winning entry may be passed onto a third party for prize notification and fulfilment.
16.	If the prize is unavailable, the Promoters, in their discretion, reserve the right to substitute the prize with a prize to the equal value and/or specification, subject to any written directions from a regulatory authority.
17.	The Promoter reserves the right, at its sole discretion and without notice, to cancel, modify or suspend these terms and/or this promotion in whole or in part, including, but not limited to in the event of fraud, technical or other difficulties or if the integrity of the Promotion is compromised, subject to any written directions from the various lottery departments and without liability to the participant.
18.	The prize (including any unused portion of the prize) cannot be assigned, transferred, redeemed for cash, or substituted except by the Promoter who may at their sole discretion, subject to the relevant state authorities, substitute any prize with one of comparable value if the advertised prize is or becomes unavailable for any reason. The Promoter will not replace any lost or stolen prizes, or take responsibility for any broken products in the delivery of the product or after it has been delivered. It is not the responsibility of the Promoter to insure any products.
19.	Entrants consent to the Promoter using the entrant’s name, likeness, image and/or voice in the event that they are a winner (inc. photograph, film, and/or recording of the same) in any media for an unlimited time without notice or remuneration for the purpose of promoting this competition.
20.	To the extent permitted by law, the Promoter (including its officers, employees and agents) and its associated agencies and companies will not be liable for any loss (including, without limitation, direct, indirect, special or consequential loss, or loss of profits), expense, damage, personal injury or death which is suffered or sustained (whether or not arising from any person's negligence) in connection with this promotion or accepting or using any prize.
Moisturising Hand Sanitiser Purchase With Purchase Offer
Terms and Conditions
*Offer is valid in Jurlique standalone stores and online Jurlique.com.au, while stocks last. Purchase any Jurlique product and purchase the Moisturising Hand Sanitiser 250mL for $14.00 (RRP $29.00). Purchases must be made in the same transaction. Offer excludes sale items, gift cards and treatment services. If the Moisturising Hand Sanitiser 250mL is returned the discounted purchase value with be refunded.
20% Off Promotion
Terms and Conditions
*Offer available at Jurlique.com.au and Jurlique Standalone Stores from 05/10/2020 12:00 AM AEST to 07/10/2020 11:59PM AEST. Discount applies automatically at shopping bag. Not available in conjunction with any other offer. Discount cannot be redeemed on sale items, gift sets, treatments and gift cards. No rainchecks. Discounts are applied prior to shipping, handling or sales tax charges and are not redeemable for cash.
Find a Store
Contact Us
Find a Store
Contact Us Online
COVID-19 Statement
Customer Service
Product Recall
Returns and Exchanges
Shipping and Delivery
About My Account
Customer FAQs
Spa FAQs
Farm Tour FAQs
Gift Card and Offer T&Cs
About Jurlique
Our Farm
Our Commitment
Our Spas
Our Careers
Our Blog
Our News
Preferences
Australia
Australia
China
Denmark
France
Greece
Hong Kong, Sar China
Ireland
Italy
Japan
Malaysia
Spain
U.K.
U.S.
English
English
English
Secure payments
© Jurlique. All Rights Reserved. Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Accessibility Statement
South Australia
Become a Jurlique Insider
Subscribe to our newsletter to hear about our latest news, product and events.