http://www.caretex.dk/index.php?privacy-policy-1
Privacy Policy
On-Line Privacy Policy
Signode System (Thailand) Limited of  20230 Chonburi Thailand  (CAREAS) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This Policy (together with other documents referred to herein) describes what personal data we collect from you and how we process your personal data.
If you do not wish to accept this Policy please do not continue to use the Website.
Personal data we may collect from you
We may collect information on your visits to
the Website including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data,
weblogs, content from surveys, competitions, contact forms and other
communication data and the resources that you access. This information,
for example, will make your visit to the Website easier in the future
since we might suggest Content depending on the location you access the
Website from.
If you use our contact forms (for example
“Contact”, “Send us a Message”, or “Contact us about working together” or
similar), please notice that fields marked with an asterisk (*) are mandatory
fields. We need this information to comply with your request. Other
information or personal data you share with us is at your sole discretion.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We also collect information of all users of
the Website in aggregated form in order to provide us with a better
understanding of the users of the Website as a group.
We may also use the information for direct
marketing via e-mail, when you opt-in for this purpose in the relevant
contact form. You may opt-out of receiving future marketing communication,
at your discretion, at any time.
We may also store cookies as set out in more
detail in our Cookies Policy site.
How we use your information
All this information (“your data”) will be collected and handled by us for the following purposes:
To best tailor Content and resources according
to your preferences.
To respond to your request or questions when
you are contacting us. We will provide you the relevant information by
email. Telephone and/or mail can be an option if you provide these
details, but it is in our sole discretion to choose the communication
system.
To deliver other information – such as SIG
upcoming events or newsletters – that we may offer you.
To help us create, publish, and improve
Content most relevant to you.
To ensure that the Content provided through
the Website are presented in the most effective manner for you and for
your device.
To allow you to participate in interactive
features of our Website, when you choose to do so.
To further develop and improve the Website and
systems to better serve you.
Sharing with third parties
To facilitate our efficient use of your data, and to provide you with the best content and/or resources, it may sometimes be necessary for us to disclose your information to third parties. However, this disclosure will only occur in the following circumstances:
To suppliers, contractors and agents: From
time to time we may engage or employ other companies and individuals to
perform functions on our behalf. Examples may include the hosting of
Website content, or the provision of certain features contained on the Website
or to provide financial updates upon your request. Such recipients will
only have access to data required by them to perform their functions, and
are not permitted to use such data for any other purposes. These
recipients are subject to contractual confidentiality obligations.
To other entities belonging to SIG (i.e. any
companies directly or indirectly controlled by SIG), including their
suppliers, contractors and agents, which may be involved in the provision
of the Website or the content, so that we can better serve or respond to
your requests (e.g. when you use ‘contact us’ forms). By providing us with
your data, you consent that your data may be transferred to, processed and
stored outside of your country of residence, including in countries which
may not provide adequate data protection as defined by EU data protection
law, but only for the limited purposes and in accordance with the
principles set out herein.
To government or law enforcement authorities
if we determine in our sole discretion that we are under an obligation to
do so.
IP addresses and cookies
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration. This is mainly statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns.
For the same reason, we may obtain information about your general Internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on your device. Cookies help us to improve the Website and to deliver a better and more personalised content.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the storing of cookies. This will remove all details from the cookie. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the Website or use certain functionality. Unless you have adjusted your browser settings so that it will refuse cookies, our systems will issue cookies each time you access the Website. Please note that our suppliers of third party features may also use cookies, over which we have no control. Consequently, we suggest you check the websites of any such third parties and their privacy policies for more information about their cookies and how you can manage them.
If your computer is shared by other people, we advise that you do not select the ‘remember my details’ option if the Website  offers such option to store certain information entered by you.
For further information pertaining to the usage of cookies on the Website please refer to our Cookies Policy.
Where your personal data is stored and processed.
The data that we collect from you will be transferred to, processed and stored by us, other SIG companies and the third parties including external service providers mentioned above outside your country of residence and/or the EU, including in countries which may not provide adequate data protection as defined by EU data protection law.
By submitting your personal data, you agree to such transfer, storing and processing outside of EU. We endeavour to take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Policy.
Data Security
Although we will do our best to protect your data, you should be aware that the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the Website or any third party, for this reason, any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your data and transferred it to a third party, we will use strict operational procedures and reasonable security measures to prevent any unauthorised access, change, deletion or transmission of this data.
Your rights - How you can access, correct and delete your data
Upon your request, SIG will – in compliance with applicable law – inform you of the following rights: to confirm whether personal data about you has been collected; the reason for processing; the period for which personal will be stored or the criteria for determining that period; to access, rectify or delete any personal data held; to withdraw consent at any time; to restrict or object to data processing; the right to data portability; and to make complaint to a supervising authority on any data being processed.  In certain cases automated decision-making, including profiling, may take place. In those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and the envisaged consequences of such processing will be made available. You may contact us to request any of the above right relating to your personal data by emailing us at privacy@signode.com. We will store personal data only for technical reasons or as long as legitimately required by the business.
Marketing communications
You have the right to opt-in / opt-out to receive marketing communications and news from us via email.
We will usually offer you a check box on the forms we use to collect your data where, if you agree for this purpose, you have to click up on the box. You can also exercise the opt-out right at any time by contacting us at privacy@signode.com confirming all relevant details.
Changes to this Policy
Any changes we may make to our Policy in the future will be posted on this page.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Policy are welcomed and should be addressed to privacy@signode.com.
EN
DE
ES
JP
KR
HOME
CARETEX PROFILE
GENERAL ABOUT CONTAINER LINER
CUSTOM-MADE CONTAINER LINER
BENEFIT USING CARETEX LINER
BULK PRODUCT & LINER MATCHING
PRODUCT
Bulk Container Liner - Overview
1011 Triangle Shaped Bulkhead
1012 Premium Airbag (pat.)
1012 AluPET Premium Airbag (pat.)
1012 Dry Liner (pat.)
1002 Zipper Loading Gate
1016 Fluidizing Liner (pat. pend.)
2010 Top Fill Liner
1021 Full Access Cargo Liner
HANDLING
Handling Equipment
Loading Container Liner
Unloading Container Liner
CONTACT US
SALES/DELIVERY TERMS
JOBS
LINKS
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Signode System (Thailand) Limited
Phone +66 38 493 326 – 9   -   Fax +66 38 493 330
- caretex@signode.com