http://www.cygnuspictures.com/privacy-policy
Home
About
The Process
Drone Photography
Subscriptions
Contact Me
PRIVACY POLICYCygnus Pictures (http://www.cygnuspictures.com/,  Timothy Swaan , "I", "we", "us") fully understands and respects your online privacy. I have taken all the necessary steps to protect your personal information and ensure that your online security is not breached.  CygnusPictures.com is hosted by SquareSpace.com, which uses a certificate to prove this website's identity to browsers, like Chrome. Read more about SquareSpace.com's security measures here.I would like to assure you that:I never sell or rent e-mail lists. Your e-mail address is used exclusively by me to communicate with you when necessary or if you have requested information. I may occasionally share some information with third party vendors to perform services only on my behalf. I never share, rent, or sell personal information to anyone else.The credit card information provided when you purchase any services from me is processed through a separate website, PayPal, that features state-of-the-art protection and encryption processing system and are PCI-DSS compliant. CygnusPictures.com does not store your credit card information.I do not gather personal or individual information from visitors. However, CygnusPictures.com does gather general information. For example, which of the website pages are visited most often, from where visitors are from, what browser is most popular, etc. This information is anonymous and collected as the aggregation of all visitors together. This sort of information helps to understand customers' needs.When you fill out the Contact Me form with your e-mail address (phone number is optional) in order to request information, I keep this information securely on file in case I need to communicate with you, and to expedite future transactions.I will sometimes provide links to external websites. CygnusPictures.com is not responsible for the validity of these links, but I will correct any error as soon as they are brought to my attention. Furthermore, I cannot assume any responsibility for the privacy policy of external websites.If you have any queries or would like to know more, contact me.