http://www.jslaserprofiles.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyMike Keats2018-05-23T09:12:36+01:00
Privacy Policy
This notice explains how information about you is collected and used This website is operated by J&S Laser Profiles Ltd.
We take your privacy very seriously and we ask that you read this privacy policy carefully as it contains important information on:
The personal information we collect about you
What we do with your information, and
Who your information might be shared with
Who we are
J&S Laser Profiles Ltd (‘we’ or ‘us’) are a ‘data controller’ for the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998. This means we are responsible for, and control the processing of, your personal information. The person responsible for how we handle personal information is Mark Stancombe – info@jslaserprofiles.com.
What information we collect?
Personal information provided by you
We collect personal information about you (such as your name, postal address, email address, phone numbers, payment details when you sign up to participate in or receive goods or services from us, such as getting an online quote, or face to face if you visit our site]. Our website also uses cookies (see “Use of cookies” section below) and collects IP addresses (which means a number that can uniquely identify a specific computer or other device on the internet).
How do we collect information from you?
We gather information directly from you and also via our website[s] and mobile application[s] or ‘Apps’ and other technical systems. If you visit our facility, some personal data may be collected from monitoring devices and systems such as closed circuit TV (CCTV) and door entry systems at the site.
We may monitor and record communications with you (such as telephone conversations and emails). We may do this for a number of reasons, such as to check the quality of our customer service, for training purposes, to prevent fraud or to make sure we are complying with legal requirements.
Use of cookies
Cookies are small text files containing a string of characters that can be placed on your computer or mobile device that uniquely identify your browser or device. What are cookies used for?
Cookies allow a site or services to know if your computer or device has visited that site or service before. Cookies can then be used to help understand how the site or service is being used, help you navigate between pages efficiently, help remember your preferences, and generally improve your browsing experience. Cookies can also help ensure marketing you see online is more relevant to you and your interests.
Please review our full Cookie Policy for more information.
How will we use the information about you?
We collect information about you for a number of reasons.
So that we can take steps to enter into a contract with you and provide services to you once that contract is in place, we collect personal information to:
identify you and manage any accounts you hold with us;
contact you for reasons related to the service you have signed up for or to provide information you have requested;
deal with payment for our services;
notify you of any changes to our website or to our services that may affect you;
resolve disputes or collect overdue payments;
We also collect personal information to comply with our legal obligations, for example to comply with anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing requirements.
To make sure we give a high quality and secure service, we collect personal information and CCTV images to:
conduct research and analyse website visitor behaviour patterns;
customise our website and its content to your particular preferences;
improve our services;
detect and prevent fraud;
carry out security vetting;
prevent offensive, inappropriate or objectionable content being sent to or posted on our sites or to stop any other form of disruptive behaviour;
If you agree, we will contact you to let you know about other products or services that may be of interest to you—see ‘Marketing’ section below;
If we propose to use your information for any other uses we will ensure that we notify you first. If we need your consent to use your information for these other purposes, we will give you the opportunity to opt in or to refuse. If you opt in, you will be able to opt out at any time.
Marketing
We would like to send you information by post, email, telephone, text message about products and services which may be of interest to you.
We will ask whether you would like us to send you marketing messages by asking you to tick the relevant boxes.
If you have consented to such receive marketing from us, you can opt out at any time. See ‘What rights do you have?’ below for further information.
When will we contact you?
We may contact you to let you know about any changes to the service you have signed up for or to provide information you have requested. Where you have opted to receive further information from us, we will invite you to participate in surveys about our services (but it is your choice if you wish to take part) and we will contact you for marketing purposes. You can tell us to stop contacting you for marketing at any time – see the section on your rights below. If you ask us to stop contacting you, you can also ask us to start again at any time.
Keeping your data secure
We will use technical and organisational measures to safeguard your personal data, for example:
access to your account is controlled by a password and user name that are unique to you;
we store your personal data on secure servers; and
payment details are encrypted on the secure server.
We have strict security and confidentiality procedures covering the storage and disclosure of your information in order to keep it safe and to prevent unauthorised access. We only allow certain authorised employees to have access to your personal information who need to use it to fulfil their job responsibilities. These employees are trained in the proper handling of customer information. Employees who do not comply with our internal rules are subject to our usual disciplinary procedures.
While we will use all reasonable efforts to keep your personal data safe, you acknowledge that the use of the internet is not entirely secure and for this reason we cannot guarantee the security or integrity of any personal data that is transferred from you or to you via the internet. If you have any particular concerns about your information, please contact us (see ‘How can you contact us?’ below).
Our website contains links to websites and applications owned and operated by other people and businesses. These third party sites have their own privacy policies and use their own cookies and we recommend that you review them before you provide them with personal information. They will tell you how your personal information is collected and used whilst you are visiting these other websites. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the content of these sites or the use of your information collected by any of these other sites and you use these other sites at your own risk.
What can I do to keep my information safe?
If you want detailed information from Get Safe Online on how to protect your information and your computers and devices against fraud, identity theft, viruses and many other online problems, please visit www.getsafeonline.org. Get Safe Online is supported by HM Government and leading businesses.
How long do we keep your personal information?
We will hold your personal information on our system for as long as is necessary for the service you have requested or for the length of time set out in any contract between us, unless you have told us you want us to remove us from the system (see section “Right to be forgotten” below).
What rights do you have?
Right to request a copy of your information
You can request a copy of your information which we hold (this is known as a subject access request). If you would like a copy of some or all of it, please:
email, call or write to us (see ‘How can you contact us?’ below)
let us have proof of your identity and address (a copy of your driving licence or passport and a recent utility or credit card bill), and
let us know the information you want a copy of, including any account or reference numbers, if you have them
We will not charge any fee for this service in most cases.
Right to correct any mistakes in your information
You can require us to correct any mistakes in your information which we hold free of charge. If you would like to do this, please:
email, call or write to us (see ‘How can you contact us?’ below)
let us have enough information to identify you (eg account number, user name, registration details), and
let us know what information is incorrect and what it should be replaced with
Right to ask us to stop contacting you with direct marketing
You can ask us to stop contacting you for direct marketing purposes. If you would like to do this, please:
email, call or write to us (see ‘How can you contact us?’ below). You can also click on the ‘unsubscribe’ button at the bottom of any email newsletter we may send you. It may take up to 5 days for this to take place.
let us have proof of your identity and address (a copy of your driving licence or passport and a recent utility or credit card bill), and
let us know what method of contact you are not happy with if you are unhappy with certain ways of contacting you only (for example, you may be happy for us to contact you by email but not by telephone)
Right to be forgotten
You can ask us to delete the data we hold about you in certain circumstance. You can do this if it is no longer necessary for us to hold the data for the purpose it was collected (for example if you are no longer a customer), or if we are using it without your consent or you have to ask us to delete it to comply with any of your legal obligations. You can also do this if you originally gave your consent to us using your information and you want to change your mind, If you would like to do this, please:
email, call or write to us (see ‘How can you contact us?’ below).
let us have proof of your identity and address (a copy of your driving licence or passport and a recent utility or credit card bill), and
let us know why you would like us to delete your data from our systems.
We will take steps to make sure the information is deleted from our systems and by any people who are processing your information for us unless we have to carry on using the information for legal reasons.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about this privacy policy or the information we hold about you. If you wish to contact us, please send an email to info@jslaserprofiles.com or write to us at J&S Laser Profiles Ltd, Unit 30 Stephenson Road, South Hampshire Industrial Park, Totton, Southampton, Hampshire SO40 3SA or call us on 02380 872827.
Changes to the privacy policy
We may change this privacy policy from time to time. You should check this policy occasionally to ensure you are aware of the most recent version that will apply each time you access our website.
Categories
Blog (68)
Latest News (7)
Recent Work (69)
TagsAssembly
Cleaned
Cleaning
CNC Folding
CNC Laser Cutting
Design
Electrical
fabrication
Formed
Lasered
Low Energy
Painted
Polishing
Programmed
punched
rolled
rolling
Welding
Archives
June 2020 (1)
May 2020 (1)
March 2020 (1)
February 2020 (1)
January 2020 (1)
December 2019 (2)
October 2019 (2)
September 2019 (1)
August 2019 (4)
July 2019 (2)
June 2019 (2)
May 2019 (1)
April 2019 (3)
March 2019 (2)
January 2019 (1)
December 2018 (1)
November 2018 (3)
September 2018 (2)
August 2018 (1)
July 2018 (1)
June 2018 (2)
May 2018 (3)
April 2018 (1)
March 2018 (3)
February 2018 (1)
January 2018 (1)
December 2017 (1)
November 2017 (1)
May 2017 (1)
February 2017 (1)
December 2016 (2)
November 2016 (1)
October 2016 (2)
October 2015 (1)
September 2015 (1)
May 2015 (1)
April 2015 (2)
February 2015 (1)
December 2014 (2)
November 2014 (1)
September 2014 (2)
August 2014 (2)
July 2014 (1)
June 2014 (1)
April 2014 (2)
March 2014 (1)
February 2014 (1)
January 2014 (2)
Mon-Fri: 7:00 AM – 3:00 PM
02380 872827
02380 860033
Find Us Unit 30, Stephenson Road
South Hampshire Industrial Park
Totton, Southampton
Hampshire SO40 3SA
Check maps
Follow Us
CookiesThis site uses cookies to improve your experience.
Read more.ACCEPT