http://www.daisybrand.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyDaisy® Brand is committed to keeping your personal information private. If you feel that your privacy has been violated as a direct result of a submission on this website, or if you have questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us and we will work to resolve your concerns immediately.Types Of Information We CollectWe collect personally identifiable and aggregate information through our website. Personally identifiable information includes name, address, phone number, and email address(es). All of this information is voluntarily provided by the user for a certain purpose of providing feedback, completing a questionnaire/survey, or entering a contest. Aggregate information taken at our website includes the number of times a visitor visits each page, browser, operating system, and/or the IP address they are coming from. This information does not pinpoint a certain user and is only used to help serve our web audience more efficiently.FeedbackAll information given through feedback is voluntary and will only be used by Daisy Brand. This includes name, address, phone number, email address, and your comments. We will only use this information to process your feedback and respond to you.Idea SubmissionFrom time to time, ideas and recipes (the “ideas”) are submitted to Daisy Brand. They are submitted for Daisy Brand’s sole use and benefit. Ideas must be original and unpublished. Submitted ideas will not be acknowledged or returned and will become the sole property of Daisy Brand. Daisy Brand has the right to use, alter, modify, copy, display, broadcast, or transfer the idea or any part thereof, whether alone or in combination with other materials, in any media, without compensation to the provider. By submitting an idea, the provider waives all rights to the idea and the right to inspect or approve any use of the idea or any part thereof.Surveys/Questionnaires/ContestsFrom time to time Daisy Brand might offer special offers or contests on our website. All survey and questionnaire information taken in these offers is voluntary and only used for that specific purpose. Any personally identifiable information is taken only for the purpose of sending items such as coupons, offers, prizes, etc. to you.CookiesCookies are information that a website transfers from the internet to your computer to save your preferences for that certain website. In addition, cookies are also used to help count the number of visitors to our website and give us aggregate information. Cookies do not give any personally identifiable information away, and you can choose to not accept cookies through your preferences in your own browser. We use aggregate information to determine what pages are being viewed most often and the computer setup of the user so that we can design our website to be as user-friendly as possible.External Links And WebsitesDaisy Brand occasionally might have links to other search engines, businesses or companies. We are not liable for the viewpoints expressed on those websites. We do not endorse or share the opinions of those websites. Each website should have its own Terms of Use and/or Privacy Policy.Data Sharing And TransferWe will not share, give, transfer or disclose your personally identifiable information gathered at our website to any third-party without your prior consent. The exception to this is in cases where we believe in good faith that the information is necessary to prevent a crime or injury to ourselves and/or third-parties.Notification Of ChangesIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it.Compliance with California Transparency in Supply Chains Act (SB657)Daisy Brand operates in an ethical manner, complying with all applicable laws and regulations related to the fair treatment of employees. Likewise, our supplier partners are expected to comply with applicable laws, including adhering to labor standards and providing a safe working environment.Daisy Brand has implemented an internal program to request confirmation of compliance from our major suppliers regarding the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act.If determined necessary, Daisy Brand personnel may, after notice, audit a supplier. While Daisy Brand reserves the right to terminate suppliers who do not adhere to our policies, we address non-compliance on a case-by-case basis.At Daisy Brand, we expect our employees to uphold the highest standards of conduct—to act in a mature, responsible, honest, and ethical manner at all times. The same level of conduct is expected of our contractors.Daisy Brand will determine whether any additional training, changes to our accountability standards and procedures, or further verification by Daisy of our supply chain is needed to comply with the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act.