http://www.southernbleacher.com/privacy-policy/
Radford University
Radford, VA
|
View
Privacy Policy
Our History
Read More
Download Our Brochure
View Angle Frame Brochure
Share
Privacy Policy
Southern Bleacher, Inc. is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. This Privacy Policy sets out how Southern Bleacher, Inc. uses and protects any information that you give Southern Bleacher, Inc. when you use this website: www.southernbleacher.com. This online Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Privacy Policy Updates and Changes
Southern Bleacher, Inc. may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page often to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy was last modified 6/12/13.
Collection of Personal Information
On occasion we ask for personal data on this website. The information is used to fulfill requests you have made of us, such as filling out the contact form. Filling out our online contact form may result in the collection of (but is not limited to) the following information:
Name
Address
Telephone Number
Organization Name
E-mail Address
This information will only be used for us to contact you. We will never sell, rent or share your information with any other organization.
Security
Southern Bleacher, Inc. is committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Remarketing / Retargeting Policy
Remarketing or retargeting allows advertisers to show ads to users who have previously visited the advertiser's website as they browse the Web. Third party vendors, including Google, show www.southernbleacher.com ads on sites on the internet. Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to www.southernbleacher.com. Google provides information on opting out here: http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/. If you would like to be able to opt out from vendors other than Google, more information can be found here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
Copyright
All commercial and advertising uses of images and text on www.southernbleacher.com are strictly prohibited without written consent from Southern Bleacher, Inc.
Contact
To contact us via mail, please use the following postal address:
P.O. Box One
Graham, Texas 76450
To contact us via phone, please use the following phone number: (940) 549-0733
To contact us via e-mail, please use the following e-mail address: contact@southernbleacher.com
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy statement, please contact us using the information above.
Privacy Policy
Our History
Read More
Download Our Brochure
View Angle Frame Brochure
Your Recently Viewed Pages