http://www.interactionassociates.com/privacy-policy
Start typing and press Enter to searchTap and type to search
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: July 15, 2019
IntroductionProtecting our customers' privacy is an important priority at Interaction Associates (IA), and we are committed to maintaining strong and meaningful privacy protections for customers. Our privacy policy is designed to inform you about the information we collect, how we use it, and your options with regard to that collection and use. By accessing the Interaction Associates website at www.interactionassociates.com, including all related pages ("Site"), including any subscription-based features or services offered by Interaction Associates, you are accepting the practices outlined in this Statement. IA is committed to acting in compliance with current data protection legislation including the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Personal Data We CollectWe collect identifying information when you complete forms, when you visit the Site, post on our forums, blogs or social media profile(s), register for events, enter promotions or contests, communicate with us, or in any other way you engage with us through the Site. When you complete a request to receive information, we use that information to fulfill your request. For example, we may require customers who complete forms for free content to give us the following personal information: their name, company name, title, and e-mail address.  We may also ask for additional types of personal information, such as phone number or additional company information, such as annual revenues or numbers of employees. In this instance, your personal information is added to our database.“Personal Data” refers to any information that relates to you directly or indirectly.  We process the following categories of Personal Data:
Contact information, such as your name, email address, phone number, and business contact information;
Technical information, such as IP address, device ID, and other data collection about your interaction with our Site;
Any other information that you provide us through the Site that can be used to identify you.
We collect Personal Data from
Direct interactions, such as when you inquire or provide us information, register for events, participate in surveys, subscribe to newsletter or blog updates, or in any other way you engage with us through the Site;
Cookies, such as when you interact with the Site; and
Social media; such as if you link to social media platforms or use social media plug-ins (based on your individual security settings).
How We Use Your Personal Data:We use the information we collect only in compliance with this Privacy Policy. We will never sell your Personal Data to any third party. In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in the Privacy Policy, we may use your Personal Data to:
improve your browsing experience by personalizing the Site;
manage our contractual relationships on an ongoing basis;
send you marketing communications relating to our business which we think may be of interest to you in accordance with your communication preferences;
provide other third parties with statistical information about our users (but this information will not be used to identify any individual user);
meet legal requirements, such as to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process
If you give us Payment information, we use it solely to collect payment from you.  We use a third-party service provider to manage credit card processing.  This service provider is not permitted to store, retain, or use information you provide except for the sole purpose of credit card processing on our behalf.  For more information, please visit: https://www.cvent.com/en/cvent-global-privacy-policy
Use of Cookies or Other Data Collection TechnologyWe use cookies and other data collection technologies (such as web beacons) to help us improve your experience on the Site. We use Cookies, such as Google Analytics, to help us track and report on the manner in which our users use our Site.  We use this information in the aggregate to better understand what content our users find interesting so that we can produce the most valuable content to meet your needs. You may opt out of Google Analytics cookies by following the link to the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser Add-On. Note that our website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins, and applications, which may use cookies in which we have no control. If you provide your Personal Data to that third party through its websites or services, you will be subject to that third party’s privacy practices and policies.  You may restrict or block third-party cookies through your browser setting, such as blocking cookies from third parties.How We Secure Your DataAt Interaction Associates, we implement technical and organizational measures designed to ensure your Personal Data is protected from unauthorized use, disclosure, or access. Our IT infrastructure and software systems are built to provide a secure use of service, end-user privacy safeguards, and encrypted communications between services. We limit our collection and use of your Personal Data to the extent necessary to provide you with our Services. We never sell, share, or rent individual personal information with anyone without your advance written permission or unless ordered by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you emails based on your request for information and to contracted service providers for purposes of providing services relating to our communications with you.
How We Retain Your Personal DataWe will keep your Personal Data on our systems only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we have collected it or as required to do so by law. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Information, we securely delete the information or anonymize it. If you have elected to receive marketing communications from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences for a reasonable period of time from the date you last expressed interest in our content, products, or services, such as when you last opened an email from us. Children’s Privacy:Our services are not intended for use by minors, and we do not knowingly or intentionally collect information about individuals under the age of 16. If we learn that we have received information directly from an individual under the age of 16 without their legal guardian’s verified consent, we will inform the individual they cannot use our services, and such personal data provided will be deleted.
How We Share Your Personal Data:We may share your Personal Data within Interaction Associates, at your direction, or as disclose to you at the time of collection. We may disclose your Personal Data if we determine that the disclosure is necessary to comply with any law applicable to us, a lawful request from a regulatory agency or law enforcement organization, or to comply with a legal process.
MarketingYou’re in control. If you would like to unsubscribe from our marketing communications, you may click the “unsubscribe” link located at the bottom of our emails or update your communication preferences. Please note that if you unsubscribe from a marketing email, you may still receive administrative, legal, or other important communications.
Your Rights to Access & Control Your Personal DataYou may access and modify the Personal Data we maintain about you by contacting us using the contact information below.  We will respond to your inquiry within a reasonable timeframe.
If you are located within the European Economic Area “EEA” and we maintain your Personal Data, you have the following rights under the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR):
You can request access, correction, updates, or deletion of your personal information.
You can request that we limit or restrict using all or some of your Personal Data.
You have the right to withdraw consent you have previously given to IA at any time. Your withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of our collecting, using, and sharing of your Personal Data prior to the withdrawal of your consent. Even if you withdraw your consent, we have the right to use your Personal Data if it has been fully anonymized and cannot be used to identify you.
Note to International UsersIf you wish to exercise any of your rights if you are within the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or advise us of any changes to your Personal Data, please contact us using the information in the “Contact Us” section at the end of this Privacy Policy. We may charge you a reasonable fee if you request additional copies of your Personal Data or make other requests that are unfounded or excessive.  Please note that if you decide to exercise some of your rights, we may be unable to provide you certain services.How You Can Contact UsIf you have a question about our Privacy Policy or data processing, please do not hesitate to contact us at: success@interactionassociates.com or by mail to: Interaction Associates, Inc., 50 Milk Street, Boston, MA 02110 USA, Attention: Privacy.
How can Interaction Associates help you?
Fill out this form and someone will get back to you soon.