http://www.lightfootcycles.com/pages/store-policies
Menu
Cart 0
Search
Home
Recumbent Trikes
Recumbent Bikes
Tandem Trikes
Adult Trikes
Kids Trikes
Electric Trikes
Brands
Trailmate
Worksman Cycles
Performer Recumbents
Sign in
Create an Account
Home
Recumbent Trikes
Recumbent Bikes
Tandem Trikes
Adult Trikes
Kids Trikes
Electric Trikes
Brands
Trailmate
Worksman Cycles
Performer Recumbents
Sign in
Create an Account
Home
›
Store Policies
Lightfoot Cycles Store Policies
Before making a purchase, we encourage you to read through the following policies and procedures:
Lowest Price Guarantee
Satisfaction Guarantee
Genuine Products Guarantee
Shipping Information
Returns & Exchanges
Safe & Secure Shopping
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
If you still have any questions, concerns or problems, please feel free to contact us for additional information.
200% LOWEST PRICE GUARANTEE
We compare our prices to our competitors' prices on a regular basis, just to make sure we're giving you the very lowest prices online. But just in case we've overlooked something, here's our promise to you: If you find the same product available for a better price within 30 days of ordering from us, we'll refund 200% of the difference between their price and ours'.
To receive a price match refund, please use the contact us form to send us the following details:
Your full name
Your order #
Your e-mail address
Your phone #
Name of the product you purchased
Competitor's price (including shipping, processing, taxes, and any other applicable fees)
Web site address (URL) of the competitor's product offering
Lowest Price Guarantee Terms & Conditions
Competitor's product must be the identical model from an authorized U.S. dealer. Specifically, the product must have the same U.S. manufacturer's warranty, model number, contain the same components, must be brand new (not refurbished), must follow manufacturer’s dealer MAP pricing, and must match our shipping method. Competitor's product must be in stock. We reserve the right to verify another online company's product availability and price before issuing a price match or refund. Only one price can be matched per order. We do not price-match on products listed on auction websites or member-only websites (such as sites that require a periodic membership fee). The Lowest Price Guarantee does not apply to obvious pricing errors or clearance or close-out items (since they are one-of-a-kind and priced according to their condition). The Lowest Price Guarantee applies to the total cost to purchase and deliver the item, including shipping, processing, handling, taxes, and other applicable fees. The Lowest Price Guarantee applies to products offered online via e-commerce websites. It does not apply to private party sales or products sold at "brick-and-mortar" stores. We reserve the right to refuse an order or refund request on which we would incur a loss. Furthermore, refunds are limited to the amount of gross profit we recognized on the sale (purchase price less our cost for the product).
SATISFACTION GUARANTEE
We’re on a mission to make you happy, and we won’t rest until we’ve succeeded. We will do everything we can to make your shopping experience with us easy and enjoyable. How are we going to do this, you ask? Read on…
Before the Sale
We do our best to make sure our prices are always the lowest online. In fact, we know our prices are the best online because we sell all of our products at the published M.A.P. (Minimum Advertised Price) price set by the manufacturers. If you have any questions about this please feel free to contact us.
At the Sale
We sell only the finest quality products from reputable manufacturers who generally back their products with warranties. We sell only new products – no refurbs, no open-box items, no used items and definitely no knock-off's – everything is genuine & brand new. The personal information and credit card information you provide us with is safe and secure, and we promise to protect your privacy.
After the Sale
We’ll keep you updated on the status every step of the way. You can contact us during regular business hours with any questions you have. Our 'Returns & Exchanges' Policy (below) provides assurance that we’ll take care of you in the off chance that you have any problems with your purchase.
GENUINE PRODUCTS GUARANTEE
Every product in our online store is guaranteed to be 100% authentic & genuine. Every product we sell is brand new - not used or refurbished - and we never sell "knock off" or counterfeit products.
On occasion we will sell returned items or "open box" items, but these are always clearly marked, and are only shown in our 'Clearance Center' category.
SHIPPING INFORMATION
Shipping Within Mainland USA
All orders that are delivered to addresses within mainland USA are shipped for a flat rate fee of $39. All orders on our site are built-to-order custom purchases. Shipping times vary based on brand and parts availability. Shipping generally takes 1-2 weeks for Trailmate and Performer brand products, while Worksman Cycles takes approximately 4-6 weeks. Because these products are custom-built to order there can be additional delays in production and shipping, please allow up to 4 weeks in addition to the anticipate ship date. Tracking numbers will be sent to you via email as soon as that information becomes available to us. Please note, that your order may have processed up to three business days prior to when your shipping information becomes available. Unassembled bikes and trikes may be shipped by any major carrier. Depending on the carrier, your package should arrive to you within 3 - 10 business days once it has shipped.
All pre-assembled items and select unassembled models ship via freight with curbside delivery only. The courier will call the recipient to schedule an appointment to deliver the order. You'll need to be able to unload all items; we suggest having 1-2 additional able-bodied people there to help unload the packages from the trailer. The driver might decide to help in some cases, but is not required to do so. They will only move the package to the back of the trailer to be unloaded. Any attempt to use a lift gate or white glove service may result in additional charges from the carrier and will be your responsibility to pay as the customer as they are not included in the shipping agreement. The results of refusing the shipment can be reviewed in section #5 of our RETURNS & EXCHANGES policies.
Some locations are prohibitively expensive to ship to, and would result in us losing money to process an order with our current shipping fees. If this occurs after an order has been placed we will contact you as soon as possible (within one week) with a quote on the shipping costs to proceed with an order. You can choose to cancel your order at this time with zero penalty or pay the additional shipping costs and we will proceed with your order as normal.
Upon delivery, you must be present to inspect the packages for damage or missing parts. If condition and quantity of your freight is acceptable, the driver will ask you to sign the delivery receipt. The driver will give you a copy, and take the original signed copy as proof of delivery. A signed delivery receipt without exceptions noted on the delivery receipt is called a clear delivery. Clear delivery means that there were no shortages and no visible damage at the time of delivery. Please review our section #3 of our RETURNS & EXCHANGES policies if an item does appear to be damaged during shipping.
Domestic Shipping to Outer USA
We typically do not ship to Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico or the Virgin Islands (U.S.), but feel free to contact us for a possible exception and shipping quote.
International Shipping
We typically do not ship outside of the USA, but feel free to contact us for a possible exception and shipping quote.
RETURNS & EXCHANGES
Your satisfaction is our top priority. We sell only the finest quality products from reputable manufacturers, so we rarely have problems with any of our products. But if your item is damaged or defective in some way, we'll make sure you're taken care of. Most of our products are backed by a manufacturer's warranty. If your item has a defect, please contact the manufacturer as instructed in the paperwork that came with the product. If you need help contacting the manufacturer, feel free to contact us. If your product was damaged during shipping, contact us and we'll help you get the replacement parts you need or arrange for total replacement of the product at no cost to you.
Returns
Please find your specific situation from the list of scenarios below to learn how we handle that particular situation:
You decided to cancel your order: If the order hasn't begun its build process we can cancel the order and issue you a refund with no penalty. Generally the build process will begin within five business days. Requests made to cancel after your custom build has begun may not be honored as production will have started or may be subject to a cancellation fee of up to 10%.
You received the product but the product is not working correctly, is missing parts, or is visibly damaged or deformed: If the item isn't working correctly, and it does not appear to have been damaged during shipping, please see the paperwork that came in the original box for instructions on how to file a warranty claim with the manufacturer. The manufacturer is responsible for any manufacturing defects or deficiencies with its products. (If the item is damaged or defective due to shipping damages, please see situation #3 directly below.)
You received an item that appears to have been damaged during shipping: If a package appears to have been damaged during shipping, the item is oftentimes still okay. If the packaging for your item appears to be damaged, be sure to keep all the original packaging until you've determined whether or not a shipping insurance claim needs to be submitted. If any of the original packaging is thrown away, we cannot file a shipping insurance claim. Discarding shipping materials or box contents waives your right to get your product replaced or repaired. Before contacting us, please test the item's functionality. If everything works okay, there is no reason to contact us or file a shipping damage claim. If your product is not working correctly due to the damages that occurred during shipping and you have kept the original shipping materials, please contact us so that we may submit a shipping insurance claim. Once we have confirmed that you still have the original shipping materials and that the item was damaged during shipping, and after we have officially filed the shipping insurance claim forms, we will send out new parts or a new product at no cost to you.
You've received the product but you've decided you want to return it: Due to manufacturing policies for all products listed on our site, returns are not accepted by any manufacturer as most items are made to order. All sales are final.
You refuse the delivery of your order, and it comes back to us: If you refuse an item and it comes back to us, you will be issued a refund LESS a 20% restocking fee and our actual cost for shipping and handling. If the item is damaged during the shipping process, no refund will be issued until the shipping insurance claim process is complete. Once the shipping claim process is complete, you will be issued a refund in the amount we are reimbursed by the shipping company (minus the amount the shipping company charges us for the shipment to you and back to us). If the shipping company does not approve the claim, we are unable to provide a refund.
SAFE & SECURE SHOPPING
Rest assured that your personal and credit card information is safe with us. We utilize a firewall and also protect all transactions using Secure Sockets Layer (or SSL, sometimes referred to as a secure certificate), which is an encryption technology that works with Netscape, Microsoft Internet Explorer, and AOL browsers. This ensures that only we can view your personal information.
You know how a lot of people are scared of flying, even though it's statistically safer than driving? The same paradox exists for online credit card use versus traditional credit card use. Online purchases are statistically safer than using your credit card at a restaurant or department store. Technical experts state that online purchases are far safer than traditional credit card transactions because the information is immediately encrypted into a scrambled message that can only be decrypted by an authorized computer.
Under the Fair Credit Billing Act, your bank cannot hold you liable for more than $50.00 of fraudulent charges. If your bank does hold you liable for any of this $50.00, we will cover the liability for you up to $50.00. We will only cover this liability if the unauthorized use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own from purchases made at our site while using the secure server. In the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting guidelines and procedures.
PRIVACY POLICY
We care about ensuring your privacy. As such, we will never share your personal information or email with a third party. In the interest of full disclosure, this privacy policy breaks down what all information we collect, what we do with the information we collect, and what actions you can take to opt out of information collection if you so choose. This policy is subject to change, and any changes made will be reflected on this page. To keep up to date with our privacy policy, you can check this page at any time.
Information Collected
In an effort to create a better user experience for visitors to this site, we may collect the following information:
Name
Contact information (including email address)
Mailing address (for shipping)
General demographic information (such as post code)
What pages of our site you visit & how long you stay on them
This information is never stored or shared with anyone else. If you place an order with us, we use information provided (such as name, address, phone number, email address, and credit card information) to process and ship your order, and may contact you regarding your order. If you sign up for our newsletter, we may use your email address to keep you up to date on sales and promotions we have coming up. You can opt out of these updates at any time. We use an SSL encryption (secure certificate) on our site to keep your personal information protected.
What are Cookies?
Cookies are tools that the internet uses to track what sites you’ve visited, and make future recommendations to you based on your interests and preferences. They are designed to create a more customized experience for web users. Our site uses the Google Analytics cookie to collect information, provide a more customized experience for visitors, and help us improve our site for future visitors. To opt out of Google Analytics, click here. If you would like to opt out of all cookies used by websites, you can learn how to do so here. Be aware, however, that many website features need cookies to operate. As such, opting out of cookies may make some site features, such as shopping carts, inaccessible to you. By disabling cookies on your web browser, you will be unable to complete a purchase on our site online. If you do not have cookies enabled, but would still like to make a purchase, you can do so by calling our customer service line at [store_phone], and we will be happy to assist you with your transaction.
How Collected Information is Used
Any information collected is used to create a more enhanced and customized user experience for you. Third party vendors (such as Google) use information to show you ads on other sites you visit throughout the Internet, based on your preferences, interests, demographic information, and browsing history. For instance, by visiting our site, you may see an ad for our site on another site you visit in the future. This is in an effort to make better recommendations to web users. No personal information is stored or shared. We may use the following Google AdWords features for a more enhanced customer experience:
Remarketing
Affinity audiences
Custom affinity audiences
In-market audiences
Similar audiences
Demographic and location targeting
If you would like to learn about customizing or opting out of Google AdWords and Google’s use of cookies, you can do so on Google’s Ad Settings page.
If you have any questions or comments about our Privacy Policy, feel free to contact us.
TERMS & CONDITIONS
Your use of this site demonstrates your acceptance of the following terms & conditions. If you do not agree to these terms & conditions in whole or in part, please do not use this site.
Privacy - Please review our Privacy Policy to understand our practices regarding privacy.
Electronic Communications - You agree to receive communications from us electronically (via email). You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications we provide to you electronically satisfy any and all legal requirements that such communications be in writing.
Product Reviews - Unless indicated otherwise, when you post content or submit material on our site, you grant us a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sub-licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. You also grant us and our sub-licensees the right, but not the obligation, to use the name that you submit with such content. You represent and warrant that you own or control all rights to the content you post or submit; that the content is accurate; that use of the content will not violate this policy; and that the content will not cause injury to any person or entity. You agree to indemnify us for any and all claims resulting from content that you submit or post. You agree that we have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor, edit, and/or remove any activity or content. We shall have no responsibility and assume no liability for any content posted by you or anyone else.
Copyright & Trademarks - This website and its contents are intended for your personal use. Unless otherwise noted, all content on this site, including text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, and software, is our property and is protected by United States and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is our property and is protected by United States and international copyright laws. Third-party content providers also own copyrights in the content original to it. You may not modify, publish, adapt, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale, exhibit, distribute, display, reverse engineer, decompile, dissemble, perform, reproduce, create derivative works from, or in any way exploit any of the site content, on this site, in whole or in part. You may download or copy one copy of the site content for personal, noncommercial use only, provided that no changes in or deletion of author attribution, trademark, legend, copyright notice, or other proprietary notices shall be made. Downloading or copying site content for other than personal, noncommercial use is expressly prohibited without the prior written permission of us or any other copyright owner. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading or copying any of the product listings, descriptions, or prices, nor may you frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or copyrighted material from the site or use any meta tags or any other hidden text utilizing our names or trademarks, without our express written consent.
You shall be solely responsible and liable for any and all damages resulting from any infringement of copyrights, proprietary rights, or any other harm resulting from any uploading, posting, or submission of your content on the Site. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Product Descriptions and Prices - We attempt to describe products featured on this site as accurately as possible. However, we do not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to a typographical error or an error in pricing or product information received from our suppliers, we shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for products listed at the incorrect price. We shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, we shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you. (If you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, you may return it as described in our Return Policy).
Copyright Infringement Claims - If you believe that any material or content posted on this site constitutes copyright infringement, please contact us and we will make all efforts to remedy the situation as quickly as possible. (This notice is issued pursuant to the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act.).
Protecting Children - We are careful to protect the safety and privacy of children. Our web sites are general audience sites. Children under the age of 13 should always ask their parents or guardians for permission before providing any personal information to anyone online. We urge parents and guardians to participate in their children's online activities and use parental control or other web filtering technology to supervise children's access to the Internet.
Links to Third-Party Sites - This site may contain links to web sites operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control. Their Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions may be different from our Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions. Be advised that you access such linked sites at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a linked site before disclosing any personal information on it.
Disclaimer of Warranties - EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED HEREIN, WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO PRODUCTS SOLD ON OUR SITE. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED HEREIN, WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO PRODUCTS SOLD ON OUR SITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. BY USING AND PURCHASING PRODUCTS FROM THIS SITE, YOU AGREE THAT IN NO EVENT SHALL WE, OR OUR REPRESENTATIVES, BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES RELATED TO PRODUCTS SOLD.
Applicable Law - You agree to comply with all applicable laws, statutes, ordinances, and regulations regarding your use of our Site and your purchase of products or services through our Site. We may, in our sole discretion, report actual or perceived violations of law to law enforcement or appropriate authorities. If we become aware of any potential or suspected violation of these Terms & Conditions or of our Privacy Policy we may (but are not obligated to) conduct an investigation to determine the nature and extent of the suspected violation and the appropriate enforcement action, during which investigation we may suspend services to any customer being investigated and/or remove any material from our servers. You agree to cooperate fully with any such investigation. You acknowledge that violations of the Terms & Conditions or the Privacy Policy could be subject to criminal or civil penalties. The Terms & Conditions and the relationship between you and us shall be governed by the laws of the State posted in the address below without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms & Conditions shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the Terms & Conditions is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the Terms & Conditions remain in full force and effect. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of this site or the Terms & Conditions must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
LightFootCycles.com is operated by Hermansen Brothers Inc., an Idaho Corporation.
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh