http://www.centennialwoods.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Centennial Woods, LLC uses data from Google Analytics, Bing, and social media sites to help analyze how users use the site. “Cookies,” which are text files placed on your computer, collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior and location information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google, Bing, etc.
This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of centennialwoods.com to compile statistical reports on website activity for Centennial Woods, LLC.We will never (and not willing allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of visitors to our site. Google, Bing, etc. will not knowingly associate your IP address with any other data held. We will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website. When you fill in a contact form on centennialwoods.com we will keep your information for internal purposes only; we will not share or sell your information to a third party and will only use your information as how it relates to our reclaimed wood business. Your submitted personal identification will be kept in perpetuity or until you unsubscribe from our newsletters. If you have difficulty unsubscribing from our newsletters please contact info@centennialwoods.com to be manually removed.
You may choose to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically default to accept them, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you reject cookies by changing your browser settings then be aware that this may disable some of the functionality on our Website.
To ensure a secure connection we use the “https” protocal and a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). User’s Personal Information: Visitors to our website may be able to register to use our services, attend events, make a purchase, join a community or upload/download information. When you register, you will provide personal information such as name, address, email, telephone number or fax number and other relevant information. If you are making a purchase, we will request financial information including your credit card number, expiration date, and security code. Any financial information we collect is used only to bill you for your purchase. This information is forwarded to our secure credit card gateway provider and processor. We will not disclose personally identifiable information we collect from you to third parties without your permission except to the extent necessary, including: To fulfill your requests, to protect ourselves from liability, and to comply with the terms and conditions of our internet host provider. We keep Personally identifiable Information for an average of 10 years or as long as required by law for tax purposes.
EU citizens and Non-EU citizens can request manual PII removal by contacting Centennial Woods, LLC at (307)-745-3672 or info@centennialwoods.com