http://www.youngeroptics.com/legal_privacy_policy.aspx
Privacy Policy
Company
Products
News
Marketing
Technical Specifications
FAQ
Search
Contact Us
History
Photo Album
Legal
IP Acknowledgements
Transparency in Supply Chain Act
Privacy Policy
Adage
Image
Camber
NuPolar
Trilogy
Transitions Drivewear
Transitions
Specialty Products
NuPolar Trilogy
Order Free Marketing Materials
NuPolar Introduction
NuPolar Colors
NuPolar Effect
NuPolar Gradient
Transitions Poly Composite Segmented Multifocal
News archive
Product Logos
Advertising
Product Literature
PDF Gallery
Availability Guide
Adage Availability
Camber Availability
High Index Availability
Image availability
NuPolar Availability
Polycarbonate Availability
Transitions Drivewear availability
Transitions Signature Availability
Transitions XTRActive & Vantage Availability
Trilogy availability
Clear Hard Resin (Specialty) >>>
Download specifications (VCA)
Hi-Add Series
Slab-Off Series
Drivewear FAQ
NuPolar FAQ
Trilogy FAQ
Image FAQ
Transitions FAQ
Other FAQ
>Company>Legal>Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains how Younger Mfg. Co. dba Younger Optics (“Younger Optics”) handles your personal information obtained while you are accessing this website.  This policy applies to http://youngeroptics.com/ website and other related websites where a link to this policy appears at the bottom of the page (hereinafter the “Sites”).  All usage of the Sites shall be subject to this Privacy Policy and all other terms and conditions posted to the Sites with respect to the collecting, storage, usage, and disclosure of personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.  This Privacy Policy is effective immediately for all users of the Sites.  As used hereinafter, the terms “user”, “User”, “You”, “you”, “Your”, and “your” shall be synonymous and shall refer to the person or business entity (or agents, employees, authorized representatives, affiliates, or anyone acting on their behalf) that is utilizing the services and/or accessing the Site. As used hereinafter, the terms “us”, “our” and “we” shall refer to Younger Optics.
Data Collection
You are allowed to browse our Sites without giving us any personal information about yourself. Once you have chosen to provide us with your personal information, you are no longer anonymous to us, and you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States.
We are allowed to collect and store the following personal information:
names, email
addresses, phone numbers, physical contact information;
data based on
any of your activities on the Sites;
any
correspondence or information submitted or sent through or on our Sites,
and correspondence sent to us;
other
information from your interaction with our Sites, services, content and
advertising, including computer and connection information, statistics on
page views, traffic to and from the Sites, ad data, IP address and
standard web login information; and
other information from third parties, such as demographic and traffic data.
Third Parties
We do not sell your personal information to, or share it with third parties for their marketing purposes. However, we are allowed to conjoin your information with data we obtain through third parties and make use of it in such a way that enhances and customizes our services, content and advertising.  Unless specifically included herein, this Privacy Policy applies only to the use and disclosure of information we obtain from you. If you provide your information to others on or through any of our Sites or unrelated sites around the Internet, different rules may apply, since we in no way control the privacy policy of third parties.
Usage
Our main goal in the collection of personal information is to give you a secure, effective, easy to use, personalized experience. You hereby grant us permission to use your personal information in the following ways:
To provide
access to the Site and services provided and advertised thereon;
To enforce our
terms and conditions for use, and defend against possible prohibited or
illegal actions;
Personalize,
measure, and enhance the services, content, and advertising offered on the
Site;
Provide you with
information regarding special offers, website or policy updates, and
targeted communications; and
Examine information for accurateness, and verify it with third parties.
Our Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose personal information to respond to legal requirements, enforce our policies, respond to claims that content violates the rights of others, or protect anyone's rights, property, or safety.
We may also share your personal information as outlined below:
We may share
your information (including and without limitation, personally
identifiable information) with our subsidiaries and affiliates, and
related websites (the Sites). For example: to help identify and defend
against potentially illegal activity as well as providing joint content
and services;
Contracted third
parties who help with our business operations such as investigation of
fraud, or bill collection.
As required by
federal, state or local law, judicial or administrative proceedings, or
law enforcement and only as much information as is necessary and required
for the specific verifiable request or proceeding.
Should we plan
to merge with or be acquired, in part or in whole, through the sale or
transfer of our business assets with another entity, your personal
information will be part of said business assets and will be transferred
to the new entity. We will request that any new combined entity follow
this privacy policy in regards to your personal information. You will be
notified on this website of any changes to this privacy policy if such an
event occurs.
Without limitation to the preceding, in every attempt to honor your privacy and our capacity to keep the Sites liberated from problematic users, we will in no way reveal your personal information to governmental agencies, law enforcement, or other third parties without a subpoena, court order, or materially comparable legal proof and documentation, with exception if we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is required to preclude impending bodily injury or financial loss or to inform law enforcement about potential violations of the law.
Cookies
'Cookies' are tiny files put on your hard disk for various reasons. We may utilize 'cookies' on some web pages of our Sites to assist us in evaluating our web traffic patterns; personalize our services, content and advertising; appraise the efficacy of special offers, and also to foster and emphasize trust and safety. In short, the Sites use cookies to provide services to you.
Some pertinent things you should be aware of regarding cookies are that:
There are some
features on our Sites, which are only available with the use of cookies.
Cookies are used
to assist us in identifying you and to help keep you logged-in, which
allows you to input your password less often during a session.
Most cookies
that we use are systematically eliminated from your hard drive at the end
of a browser session or when you log off of the Sites.
You have the
ability to deny our cookies if your web client allows, although in so
doing you may prevent or limit access to certain areas, features, or
proper functionality of our Sites.
You might receive cookies from a third party on particular pages of our Sites that we in no way control or regulate.
Newsletters
We may choose to provide product communications that are delivered through email, with an opt-out option, to users of our products or websites.   In such event, we will make every effort to ensure that each communication is CAN-SPAM compliant but make no guarantee about such compliance.
Viewing and Making Changes to Your Personal Information
Contact information for business locations of eyecare professionals selling our products may be available on our Sites.  You may view this information by logging on the Sites.  You are required to revise your personal information quickly when a change occurs or if it is erroneous. Please contact us by email or via the Contact page at the website with any corrections, or if you want your information removed from the Sites.  Upon your request, and as soon as it is reasonably practicable, your personal information will be removed and archived, if allowed under subsequently relevant laws. We may keep a record of personal information to abide by legal requirements, avert fraudulent activity, collect monies due to us, resolve disputes, regulate issues, cooperate with any investigations, enforce our terms and conditions, and likewise take other actions legally allowed.
Security
Protecting and securing your information is of the highest priority to us. We consider the data we collect and your personal information to be an extremely valuable asset that should be protected. Your information is stored and processed on dedicated servers located in the United States that are protected by physical and technological security measures. We use many methods in good faith to safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access. However, as you may be aware, third parties may illegally intercept or access transmissions of your personal data or exchanges of information over the Internet, and there is the possibility that users may mistreat or mishandle your personal information that they find or gather during your interactions on the Sites. Consequently, while we go to great lengths to safeguard your privacy, we in no way guarantee, and you should not have the expectation, that your personal data or exchanges of information over the Internet will always remain private. Here is more about the security of your personal information.
Email messages
are not typically secure so we do not recommend sending us any critical
financial information such as credit cards numbers, bank account numbers,
or similar information via email. If you choose to provide this type of
information via email, you do so at your own risk.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
General
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the changes on the Sites. In the event that we make any significant material change to this Privacy Policy, we may attempt to notify you by email, but are not required to do so. If your questions are not answered online, you may contact our legal counsel as follows:
David H. Dicker, Esq.
DICKER & DICKER, LLP
21550 Oxnard Street, Suite 550
Woodland Hills, California 91367-7121
Tel: (818) 704-1000
Fax: (818) 704-8000
E-Mail: dhd@dickerlaw.com
Site Design Copyright Younger Optics