http://www.worldpork.org/privacy-policy
WorldPork.org
Website Privacy Policy
Revised December 4, 2016
This Website Privacy Policy regulates the collection, use and disclosure of information collected on the website located at www.WorldPork.org. By using this website you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree to these terms, you are prohibited from using this website and should exit immediately. You acknowledge that the Privacy Policy is subject to modification and that your continued use of the site constitutes agreement with the then-current terms of the Privacy Policy. The date of the most recent update can be found at the top of the document.
The National Pork Producers Council (“NPPC”) collects information to better serve our customers and visitors. When we have a better picture of how people are using our website, we can improve the experience of our users.
The information we gather depends on the website involved and the portion of the website being visited.  For any password protected areas, we may capture information including the username and the date, time, and/or length of the visit.  In other areas, we record information that you affirmatively provide to us.
For general visitors to our websites, we may use “cookies” and other tools to collect information about users’ visits, such as which pages of the site are visited and for how long.  Although some of the information collected may be linked to a specific IP address, we do not try to identify the person(s) using that IP address except for the very limited circumstances described herein.  You may disable cookies but it could interfere with your use of certain features on the website.
If you are registering for an event through one of our websites, you need to complete the relevant forms requesting contact information.  In so doing, you consent to receiving future communications from NPPC and from other affiliated with the event for which you are registering.  If you wish to stop receiving communications, you may contact us at the address listed at the end of this policy.
If you are not registering but still want to be able to receive information from NPPC, you may provide your name and contact information to us through the website.  By doing so, you consent to receive communications from NPPC. We will not sell or rent your information to other marketers.  Your personal information would only be disclosed to a third party (other than as described herein) upon a merger or reorganization between us and such a third party or as needed to provide technical support or development for the website.
If you elect to purchase anything or pay registrations fees via the website, you may need to provide additional information such as a shipping address or credit card.
Our websites will occasionally have links to other websites that are not operated by NPPC.  We are not responsible for the contents of those websites and have no control over what information they may or may not collect from you.
We allow third party behavioral tracking on this website.  While we have not enabled Google AdSense on our website this time, we may do so in the future. Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. Learn more about Google’s AdSense program.
Our website does not presently recognize “Do Not Track” browser signals.
We respect your privacy, but we cannot guarantee that your information will never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.  You hereby release us from any and all claims related to the use of intercepted information or information which is obtained in an unauthorized manner.  Please note that NPPC cannot be responsible for the actions of third parties who may attempt to capture your information when you transmit it to us.
We may disclose your personal information when required to do so by a government agency or a court of law, or when relevant to bringing or defending a legal claim.  We may also disclose the information to prevent fraud or enforce the terms of your contracts with NPPC, including our Terms of Use (incorporated herein by reference).
We do not knowingly collect any personal information from visitors under the age of 13.  If you are a parent and you discover that your child under the age of 13 provided personal information to us, please let us know and we will delete that information from our files.
If you make a purchase or enter a sweepstakes or other promotion through this website, we will collect your personally identifiable information, and you are deemed to consent to us providing your information to third parties who provide certain services such as processing of credit card transactions, customer service, promotion or sweepstakes administration, order fulfillment and/or prize delivery, as applicable. Also, by entering a sweepstakes or other promotion, you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that sweepstakes or other promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you, including, except where prohibited by law, allowing the sponsor(s) of the promotion to use your name, voice or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the promotion.
If you submit to the website a comment, photograph or other content to be published, online or offline (in any medium), we may publish your name or other personally identifiable information in connection with publishing the content and you are hereby deemed to give us permission to do such. You also give us a non-revocable royalty-free license to revise, republish and reuse any submitted content in any medium for any purpose throughout the world.
We may transfer your personal information to our service providers and others located in the United States or elsewhere in the world for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.  Different countries have different privacy laws and requirements, and some, including the United States, provide less legal protection for your personal information than others.  Please know, however, that no matter where your personal information is collected, used, transferred or stored, if it was collected through our websites, it will be governed by and used in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy and any disputes related thereto shall be governed by the laws of the State of Iowa and you consent to the state and federal courts of Polk County, Iowa as the exclusive venues for resolving any conflicts related to this Privacy Policy, without regard to Iowa’s choice of law provisions. You agree that any damages resulting from any breach of this Privacy Policy shall be limited to the greater of $100 or the total value of all products you have purchased via our websites.
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or if you wish to access personally identifiable information that NPPC has stored about you, or you have any questions about this Privacy Policy please contact us via mail to:
National Pork Producers Councilc/o Matthew McDermottBelin McCormick, PC666 Walnut St., Suite 2000Des Moines, IA 50309
Please also review the Terms of Use for this website.