https://www.michaelangelocaruso.com/privacy-policy
Edison House, Inc. International Privacy Notice
We at Edison House, Inc. know that you care how information about you is used and shared.  We appreciate your trust in knowing that we will handle your information carefully and sensibly.  By visiting MichaelAngeloCaruso.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed via the e-mail address available at www.MichaelAngeloCaruso.com/Contact-Michael/.   You may also contact us at Edison House, Inc, 333 E. Parent Avenue,  Royal Oak, Michigan 48067.
I.  Information Collected
Edison House, LLC is the sole owner of the information collected on www.MichaelAngeloCaruso.com.  Edison House, Inc. collects information from our users at several different points on our Web site.
Registration
In order to use some features of this web site, a user must first complete the registration form.  During registration, a user is required to give contact information, such as a first name and an email address.  We use this information to contact the user about services on our site for which he/she has expressed interest.
Ordering of services, products and free offers
We request information from customers via an order form.  A user must provide contact information (such as name, email and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number and expiration date).  This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer orders.  If we have trouble processing an order, the information on the form may be used to contact the user.
We safely store information you enter on our web site or provide us by other means.  You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features.
Uses of Information
We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our stores and communicating with you.  We will not share your information with any third parties.
Automatic Information
We receive and store types of information whenever you interact with us.  For example, like many web sites, we use “cookies,” and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses Edison House, Inc.  Cookies serve the additional purpose of preventing our software from repeatedly sending the same information to the same customers.  The use of cookies allows our software to customize newsletter and web page content based on a visitor’s browser type.
E-mail Communications
To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we sometimes receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Edison House, Inc.   We also do our best to keep our list “scrubbed” and maintained in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers.  If you do not want to receive e-mail or other communication from us, please follow the opt-out instructions included in every bulk e-mail message.  We respond quickly to subscription changes.
Drop Shipping
Occasionally, we may use another company to ship orders or a credit card processing company to bill purchasers for goods and services.  These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Security
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order.  Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.  It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer.  Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
Choice/Opt-Out
If you are a newsletter subscriber, you always have the option of no longer receiving them.  At the bottom of each newsletter there is an opt-out hyperlink. Simply click on that link.
Correct/Update
You can correct, access and update your personal information by e-mailing www.MichaelAngeloCaruso.com/Contact-Michael/.
Conditions of Use, Notices and Revisions
Policies and procedures change from time to time and the newest version of our policies will always apply.
Notification of Changes
If our privacy policy and information practices change at some time in the future, Edison House will post the policy changes to the www.MichaelAngeloCaruso.com web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt-out of these new uses.
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our web site.
II.  If You are Located In the EU
1. What personal data do we collect from you?
Personal data is information that can be used to identify you such as your name, IP address and email address.  As a business, we collect personal data from you in a number of ways including:
(a.) Opt-In To The Monthly Mashup Email Blast:  Your first name and email address.
(b.) Work Hacks Free Chapter Popup:  Your first name and email address.
(c.) WooCommerce Transactions:  Your name, email address, billing information and payment source.
(d.) Contact Forms: Your name, email address and any information related to the fields listed.
2. What is the purpose of processing your personal data?
We collect the above information for the following purposes:
(a.) Opt-In To The Monthly Mashup newsletter:  This information is needed to add you to our email list so that you can receive the requested Monthly Mashup
(b.) Work Hacks (Free Chapters) Popup:  This information is needed to add you to our email database so that you can receive the requested free chapters.
(c.) WooCommerce Transactions:  This information is required to process your order with accuracy and in a timely manner.
(d.) Contact Forms:  This information is collected so that we can address your inquiry with a helpful and timely response.
3. What legal basis do we have for collecting and processing your information?
Websites must have a legal basis for collecting information from individuals located in the European Union.  Although user consent often forms this basis, you can withdraw consent at any time by contacting us at www.MichaelAngeloCaruso.com/Contact-Michael/.  Our legal basis for each of the ways we collect information from you is as follows:
(a.) Opt-In To The Monthly Mashup newsletter:   We will request your consent first.
(b.) Work Hacks (Free Chapters) Popup:  We will request your consent first.
(c.) WooCommerce Transactions:  We will collect your information as part of a legal contractual transaction.
(d.) Contact Forms:  We will request your consent first.
“Legitimate interests” for processing your personal information exist where you submit the information with an expectation that it will be processed and there is no undue impact on you.  If you disagree with this premise, please contact us at www.MichaelAngeloCaruso.com/Contact-Michael/ and we will cease the processing of your data under this legal basis.  You may contact us in the same manner with any other questions.
4. Who Has Access To The Data We Collect?
Edison House, Inc. processes and accesses the data we collect from you.  However, we sometimes use third parties to assist us with processing your personal data.  This can include the following categories of recipients:
Financial transaction processors (processing your payments)
Customer service communication platform
Contest and survey platform
Email communication manager
Marketing funnel providers
Website management services
Website design and programming services
5. Cookies and Similar Technologies
This site uses cookies and similar technologies to track particular aspects of you and other people who visit us.
This tracking is done to provide us with information on how people move about the site, what is of interest to them and what is not, how our marketing is performing and incidental items such as what percentage of users access the site from a personal computer versus a mobile phone.
Cookies are often designed to improve the customer experience, but visitors to this web site have the option to block them.  You may block most cookies by adjusting your browser settings or by responding to the cookie consent notice that appears when you first visit this site.  Blocking cookies may keep you from enjoying the best customer experience.
6. Your Right To Ask For Corrections, Erasure And Export Of Your Data
You have the right to control your personal data.  Specifically, you have the following rights:
The right to be informed:  We are informing you now with this policy.
The right of access:  We’ll provide you with the data we have about you.
The right to rectification:  Request that we fix incorrect data about you.
The right to erasure:  Request we erase certain data about you.
The right to restrict processing:  If you’d like, simply request that we restrict certain type of processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability:  Ask us to provide your personal data we have for export.
The right to object:  You can object to how we use your data.
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling:  We promise to never take advantage of you.  If you think this occurs, you have rights.
To exercise any of these rights, please contact us at www.MichaelAngeloCaruso.com/Contact-Michael/.
1. Your Right To Withdraw Consent
Although this is mentioned above, we want to emphasize that wherever we’ve asked for your consent to collect or process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw that consent. If you receive email messages from us, you can use the “unsubscribe” link in each message to withdraw consent and stop the mailings. Alternatively, you can contact our Data Protection Team via the website.
2. Do We Transfer Your Data To Third Countries?
No. We are located in the United States. Your data is collected and held here.
3. Privacy Concerns, Contacting Us, Complaints.
You can contact our Data Protection Team with any questions or requests you have about these policies or your personal data.  If, after contacting us, you feel a privacy issue has not been resolved, you have the right to file a complaint with a Supervisory Authority such as the Data Protection Commissioner of Ireland.
You can also send correspondence by traditional mail to Edison House, Inc., 333 E. Parent Ave, #4 Royal Oak, MI 48067.
III. For All Our Valued Friends, Regardless of Location
1. Privacy Policy Modifications and Updates.
We may update and modify this Privacy Policy at any time.  In doing so, we will post a notice on the site 30 days before the change goes into effect and forward an email message to you should we have an email address for you.
2. Legal Disclosures of Personal Information.
We may process, store and disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on us, (2) protect and defend our rights or property or (3) act under exigent circumstances to protect the safety of the public or users of the site.
a) DMCA Disclosures
We comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998.  As part of the compliance process, we may be required to disclose whatever information we have for you to a copyright holder who has submitted a complaint to us.
b) Public Comments
You may leave comments on forum posts. Please remember that any information you provide is not private. The information can be viewed by anyone online including family, friends, the media, investigators, and potential employers conducting background checks.
c) Third Party Websites
We occasionally link to other sites, but please keep in mind that we do not control the privacy policies of those sites.  Make sure to review the policies of any such sites before providing your personal information.
d) Sale of Business
Should we sell this site or our business, your personal information will be an asset transferred to the new owner.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us, as per below.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:
Phone: (248) 224-9667
Contact via email at www.MichaelAngeloCaruso.com/Contact-Michael/
Address: 333 E. Parent Ave, #4 Royal Oak, MI 48067
Website: http://www.MichaelAngeloCaruso.com