https://www.ecofact.com/policyoutlook/
Policy Outlook
A continuously updated research package backed by an online database. This tool provides in-depth analyses of sustainable finance and corporate responsibility regulatory initiatives across the globe.
Receive early warning of upcoming initiatives
Understand the changing expectations of regulators
Evaluate how products, services, and internal processes are affected
Advise clients and develop new products to reflect the latest trends
Learn more
In the fast-changing ESG regulatory landscape, the Policy Outlook tool keeps me up to date with key developments.
Dr. Christian Leitz, Head of Corporate Responsibility, UBS
Thank you for contacting us. We will be in touch
shortly.
Full name *
Email address *
Company
Job title
Notes
Tick this box to agree to ECOFACT’s privacy policy.
Please leave this field empty.
Know what you need to know
Policy Outlook can be customized according to your needs.
Track initiatives that are relevant to your institution and understand their implications. Receive briefings and join webinars on upcoming regulatory developments and trends. Access a continuously updated online tool that provides in-depth information on each initiative.
Leading expertise
With the help of advanced AI technology, our team of legal experts analyzes hard and soft law regulatory initiatives pertaining to sustainable finance and corporate responsibility that affect financial institutions on a strategic level.
The research includes over 46 jurisdictions, the European Union, financial sector regulators, stock market authorities, as well as multilateral organizations such as the OECD and the United Nations.
Act now
Policy Outlook delivers the information you need to brief senior management and impacted functional units about regulatory change.
Our legal experts are ready to help you address the complex regulatory landscape of sustainable finance and corporate responsibility issues. Learn more about the trends covered by Policy Outlook.
Request a Policy Outlook demo
Or contact our legal experts
You may also be interested in…
The ECOFACT
Quarterly
The briefing for ESG risks experts
ESG
Risk Management
Know what your risks are
Policy
Outlook Conference
Join the conversation
Sign up for updates
ECOFACT’s ambition is to be a catalyst in the transition towards a sustainable economy. We write,
organize events, develop products and services. Be the first to know.
Tick this box to agree to ECOFACT’s privacy policy.
Sign up