https://www.ericsalmon.com/cookie-policy/
Home > Cookie policy
Cookie policy
This Cookie Policy is provided by Eric Salmon & Partners (“Eric Salmon”, “we” or “us”), and is addressed to all users of the website as listed below in this Policy (“you”).
Website to which this Policy applies
This Policy applies to the following website that is operated by Eric Salmon:
https://www.ericsalmon.com/
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that may be stored on your computer or other devices when you visit a website. They are generally used to make websites work, to keep track of your movements within the website, to remember your login details, and so on.
There are different types of cookies, and they can be distinguished on the basis of their origin, function and lifespan. Important characteristics of cookies include the following:
First party cookies are cookies that are placed by the website you are visiting, while third party cookies are placed by a website other than the one you are visiting. Please note that we do not control the collection or further use of data by third parties.
Necessary cookies are necessary to allow the technical operation of a website (e.g., they enable you to move around on a website and to use its features).
Performance cookies collect data on the performance of a website such as the number of visitors, the time spent on the website and error messages.
Functionality cookies increase the functionality of a website by remembering your choices (e.g. language, region, login, and so on).
Targeting/advertising cookies enable a website to send you personalized advertising.
Session cookies are temporary cookies that are erased once you close your browser while persistent or permanent cookies stay on your device until you manually delete them or until your browser deletes them based on the duration period specified in the persistent cookie file.
More information on all aspects of cookies can be found on www.allaboutcookies.org/. Please note that Eric Salmon has no affiliation with, and is not responsible for, this third party website.
Why do we use cookies?
We may use cookies to:
distinguish between users;
improve the use and the functionality of our website;
tailor our website and products to your needs and preferences; and
analyse how our website is used to compile and aggregate anonymous statistics.
We do not use the collected information to create user profiles.
What types of cookies do we use?
An overview of the cookies used on this website is set out in the following table.
Please note that the processing of your personal data in connection with cookies, and for other purposes, is governed by our Privacy Policy:
Name
First Party or Third Party?
Duration
Purpose
Types of data collected
has_js
Third party (Google Analytics)
Session
Functionality (site analytics)
User ID data used to distinguish users.
_ga
Third party (Google Analytics)
2 years
Functionality (site analytics)
User ID data used to distinguish users.
_gid
Third party (Google Analytics)
24 hours
Functionality (site analytics)
User ID data used to distinguish users.
id
Third party (DoubleClick)
2 years
Advertising
User ID data used in connection with advertising.
WordPress Stats
Third party (WordPress)
—-
Functionality (site analytics)
—-
Gravatar
Third party (Gravatar)
—-
Social Media
—-
_gat
Local cookie (Google Analytics)
24 hours
Functionality (site analytics)
User ID data used to distinguish users.
Please note that the processing of your personal data in connection with cookies, and for other purposes, is governed by our Privacy Policy
In addition, we may also use web beacons (or clear GIFs) and other similar technologies in addition to, or in combination with, cookies. A web beacon is typically a transparent graphic image (usually 1 pixel x 1 pixel) that is placed on a site or in an email and it helps us to understand the behaviour of visitors of our website. More information on web beacons can be found on https://www.ericsalmon.com//www.allaboutcookies.org/web-beacons/. Please note that Eric Salmon has no affiliation with, and is not responsible for, this third party website.
How can you control cookies and web beacons?
Most internet browsers are set to automatically accept cookies. Depending on your browser, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, or you can set it to refuse them. Please refer to the ‘help’ button (or similar) on your browser to learn more about how you can do this.
Disabling cookies may impact your experience on our website, and may mean that you cannot access some portions of our website, or receive some services.
If you use different devices to access our website, you will need to ensure that each browser of each device is set to your cookie preference.
More information on how to manage cookies is available from: https://www.ericsalmon.com//www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/. Please note that Eric Salmon has no affiliation with, and is not responsible for, this third party website.
In addition, you may opt-out from cookies by visiting the following sites and selecting which company cookies you would like to opt-out from: https://www.ericsalmon.com//www.aboutads.info/choices/#completed and https://www.ericsalmon.com//www.youronlinechoices.com/. Please note that Eric Salmon has no affiliation with, and is not responsible for, these third party websites.
Last updated: 24.05.2018
Site map
Legal terms
Cookie policy
Privacy policy
Credits
Our website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are giving consent to cookies being used. Data laws have been changed by May 25, 2018. We have updated our Policies. To find out more about our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy click on these buttons
PRIVACY POLICYCOOKIE POLICYCLOSEPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.