http://www.spaceagefcu.org/about/space-age-fcu/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Join Now
Questions
Privacy Policy - NO. 8019
Space Age Federal Credit Union is committed to protecting members' privacy concerning personal and nonpublic information. This policy is designed to ensure that the proper guidelines are set forth regarding information shared. It is Space Age Federal Credit Union's responsibility to abide by all applicable laws and regulations governing the privacy of member information.
Guidelines
A. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
In order to conduct business, the Credit Union obtains member information, either directly from the member or from outside sources. The information used is to provide quality service and financial products and services to meet members' needs and reach members' financial goals. In addition, the information may be used to comply with federal and state laws and regulations.
The Credit Union collects nonpublic personal information about members from the following sources:
Information received from members on applications and other forms such as member account cards and loan documents. Types of information received include, but are not limited to: name, address, social security number, assets, and income;
Information about members' transactions with the Credit Union or others, such as account balances, payment history, parties to transactions, and credit card usage;
Information received from a consumer reporting agency such as credit history and creditworthiness; and
Information obtained when verifying the information provided by the member on an application or other forms. This may be obtained from current or past employers, or from the institutions where the member conducts financial transactions.
B. DISCLOSING OF INFORMATION
The Credit Union may disclose all the information we collect, as described, to companies that perform services on our behalf or other financial institutions with whom we have joint marketing agreements. The Credit Union will only work with companies that agree to keep members' personal non-public information confidential and are subject to a signed contract explaining the disclosing of nonpublic information and the importance of member privacy. The Credit Union does not permit these companies to sell member information provided by us to other third parties. We also reserve the right to disclose nonpublic information to conduct business for the Credit Union as permitted or required by law. These disclosures typically include information to process transactions on behalf of the member, to follow members' instructions authorized, to conduct the operations of the Credit Union, or to protect the security of our financial records.
To opt out of our marketing purposes and the marketing purposes of our third party affiliates, please call a Space Age Representative at (303) 369-7666 or (800) 666-6928, or contact us online.
C. DISCLOSING INFORMATION TO NONAFFILIATED THIRD PARTIES
Nonaffiliated third parties to whom we disclose information to include the categories of parties but are not limited to the following:
Financial service providers such as lenders, mortgage service companies, and insurance providers.
Non-financial companies such as direct marketing companies and printers.
The Credit Union may disclose information to other nonaffiliated third parties as permitted or required by law. These parties include but are not limited to the following:
Consumer Reporting Agencies.
Government.
Collection Agencies
D. DISCLOSED INFORMATION OF FORMER MEMBERS
The Credit Union will not share information collected about former members, except as permitted or required by law.
E. MEMBERS' RIGHT TO "OPT OUT"
In the event that the Credit Union is required to provide an "opt out" option, the Credit Union will inform all members of their right to "opt out" of having their nonpublic information disclosed to third parties as required by law.
To opt out of our marketing purposes and the marketing purposes of our third party affiliates, please call a Space Age Representative at (303) 369-7666 or (800) 666-6928, or contact us online.
F. HOW THE CREDIT UNION PROTECTS MEMBER INFORMATION
The Credit Union limits access to nonpublic information about the member to those employees who have a specific business purpose in utilizing member information. Employees are trained in the importance of maintaining confidentiality and member privacy. The Credit Union maintains electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations and leading industry practices to safeguard the members' nonpublic information.
The Credit Union website and on-line banking services use multiple levels of security to protect members' financial information, beginning with members' browsers and ending with the Credit Union's operating system. Additionally, the Credit Union makes a conscious effort to stay informed and aware of new and improved security measures and makes upgrades and changes as technology warrants.
Encryption:
Encryption is a method in which computer data and messages are converted to something incomprehensible by means of a key, so that only an authorized recipient holding the matching key can reconvert it. The Credit Union employs encryption to ensure that its members' information remains secure. In addition, the Credit Union hosts all on-line forms on a secure site that utilizes encryption ensuring that information disclosed on these forms remains secure.
Firewall:
A Firewall is a highly secure electronic barrier, built within a computer system, designed to prevent unauthorized access to important information. The Credit Union utilizes a Firewall to prevent unauthorized access from the Internet.
Account Access:
For Touch Tone Teller, member account information and transactions are protected by a password that must be used in conjunction with a username or account number. For Internet Banking, member account information and transactions are protected by multi-factor authentication (MFA). MFA includes requiring members to key in their username or account number, a random security code, answer one of three personal questions, verify their security key, and enter their pin number. Members must be enrolled by an employee of the Credit Union for authentication.
"Cookies":
To provide better service and a more complete and effective website, the Credit Union may use "cookies" as part of our interaction with our members' browsers. A "cookie" is a short piece of data, not code, which is sent from our web server to our members web browser when they visit the Credit Union website. The Credit Union may use "cookies' to determine if our members have previously visited our site and may also use "cookies" to make sure that members connect to our secure server. The Credit Union will impose the same confidentiality restrictions on information gathered through "cookies" as with any other personal financial information.
Links:
The Credit Union will frequently link to other sites as a convenience to its members without passing member data to these sites. The Credit Union will seek to link with other sites that adhere to similar privacy standards. However, the Credit Union is not responsible for the content of linked sites, or for their policies on the collection of member information.
Web Site:
When members visit the Credit Union's website, the server automatically collects non-identifying information in the aggregate. This information is retained and used to find out the number of people that visit the site. This allows the Credit Union to continually evaluate its browser and focus on personalizing the member's experience of using the web site.
G. NOTICE UNDER FAIR CREDIT REPORTING ACT
Information on members' credit reports will not be shared with affiliant or nonaffiliant parties unless required by law.
H. PROTECTING CHILDREN
The Credit Union recognizes that protecting children's identities and privacy on-line is important and that the responsibility rests with both the on-line industry and the parents. The Credit Union may periodically offer an on-line link through our website to a child-oriented site, which shall conform to the Children's On-line Privacy Protection Act of 1998.
I. AVAILABILITY OF PRIVACY DISCLOSURE
This policy along with disclosures is available in all Credit Union branches. At the time of establishing a relationship with the Credit Union, each individual receives a full disclosure on our privacy policy. A privacy disclosure is provided to all members annually.
J. AMENDMENTS TO PRIVACY POLICY
The Credit Union reserves the right to modify, change or amend this Privacy Policy and Agreement at any time without notice other than as expressly required by applicable law.
YOU MAY ALSO BE INTERESTED IN
Internet Banking
Mobile Banking
Bill Pay
E-Statements