https://www.ribbonselect.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
PRIVACY AND COOKIES POLICY
Website www.ribbonselect.com operating on behalf of All Right Now Ltd
All Right Now Ltd, a company registered in England and Wales with company number 3958513 registered at The Long Barn, Appletree Industrial Estate, Chipping Warden, OX17 1LH(“we/us/our“) are committed to protecting and respecting the privacy of, and personal information about, our customers and visitors to our website at All Right Now Ltd (the “Website”).
This Privacy and Cookies Policy should be read in conjunction with our Terms of Use which together make up the basis on which we agree to make the Website available to you and your agreement regarding its permitted usage. In particular, this Privacy and Cookies Policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, either as a customer or visitor to the Website, will be processed by us.
By visiting the Website or engaging us to carry out any type of work for you including all enquiries for the same, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy and Cookies Policy therefore please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the “Act”), the data controller is All Right Now Ltd.
Information We may collect from You
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us: you may give us personal information about you when signing up for our newsletter on the Website or by corresponding with us by telephone, email or otherwise in order to engage us to carry out services for you, arrange a design meeting or just to enquire about our services. The information you give us may include without limitation your name, address, email address, phone number, financial and/or credit card information.
Information we collect about you: with regard to each of your visits to the Website, we may automatically collect the following information:
technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, browser type and version, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from the Website (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us:
to carry out our obligations that we promise to deliver and to provide you with the information and services that you request from us;
to contact you or for selected third parties to contact you for marketing purposes related to your design requirements;
to notify you about changes to All Right Now Ltd, the services we offer or the Website;
to ensure that content from the Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
Information we collect or receive about you:
to administer the Website and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve the Website to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to allow you to participate in any interactive features of the Website when you choose to do so;
as part of our efforts to keep the Website safe and secure.
Disclosure of Your information
Disclosure by us: we may share your information with selected third parties including:
business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you;
analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of the Website;
credit reference agencies for the purpose of assessing your credit score where this is a condition of us entering into a contract with you.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
if All Right Now Ltd or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its clients and subscribers will be one of the transferred assets;
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other policies or agreements; or to protect our rights, property, or safety or those of our clients. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud and privacy protection or credit risk reduction.
Where We store Your personal data
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. we will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy and Cookies Policy.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the Website; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at enquiries@allrightnow.co.uk.
Links on the Website to third party websites, including without limitation our list of “friends” whom we recommend and work with, will have their own privacy policies and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for the actions of these companies or their privacy policies. Please check their policies before you submit any personal data to them.
Access to information
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee applicable from time to time to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to this Privacy and Cookies Policy in the future will be posted on this page without notice. Please therefore check back frequently to see any updates or changes.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy and Policy or anything else about All Right Now Ltd are welcomed and should be addressed to enquiries@allrightnow.co.uk
.
Search for:
Home
Ribbons
ID Card Printers
Kiosk printers
ID Cards & Credentials
Printer Accessories
Card Holders & Accessories
Software
News
Assign a menu in Theme Options > Menus
Login
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Reject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.