http://www.vijon.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policytwistadmin2019-04-04T19:22:41+00:00
Vi-Jon, Inc.’s Privacy Policy
The following provisions apply to information Vi-Jon learns about or obtains from you when you visit the Site. These provisions may be changed from time to time and without notice at Vi-Jon’s sole discretion and as provided by applicable law. You should check this Privacy Policy frequently for any such changes, but in any case your continued access or use of the Site shall constitute acceptance of any modifications of the Privacy Policy. Vi-Jon’s use of information gathered or obtained now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of such use.
What We Collect:
Information You Give Us
Vi-Jon receives and stores any information you enter on the Site (for example, if you send in a job application or purchase one of our products) or provide in any other manner. This may include, but is not limited to, your personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, phone number, and e-mail address. You can choose not to provide information, but then you might not be able to send in a job application or make a purchase on-line. You are always welcome to make such transactions by mail at Vi-Jon, 8515 Page Avenue, St. Louis, MO 63114. Vi-Jon uses the information that you provide for such purposes as facilitating your purchase or processing your job application, responding to your requests for information, improving the products and services we offer, and communicating with you. Users may also navigate the website without supplying any personal information.
Automated Information Collection
Vi-Jon may receive and stores certain types of information whenever you visit the Site. In addition to information you provide, we may collect the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet; the IP address of the computer you are using; and the browser and operating system you are using; the date and time you access the Site; and the Internet address of the Web site from which you linked to the Site. We may use “cookies” to automatically gather some of this information. A cookie is a small text file that the Vi-Jon system sends to your computer to collect information about your activities on the Site. The cookie transmits this information back to the Site each time your browser requests a page from the Site, and the information is stored to help facilitate your use of the Site the next time you visit. If you do not want to receive cookies from the Site, you can set your browser to not accept cookies.
How We Use Information
We use the information you provide and we collect to: Administer the Site and diagnose problems with our server;
Verify your identity;
Provide you with information about the Site and Vi-Jon and our products and services; and in order to facilitate performance by Vi-Jon or you under the Terms and any other agreement you may enter into with Vi-Jon;
Measure the number of visitors to the Site and how the Site is used, in order to make the Site as useful as possible to our visitors; and
Provide authorities or relevant individuals with information related to the Site as required by law.
Sharing Information
Vi-Jon will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone. Vi-Jon may aggregate data about visitors to our website in a non-identifiable manner and use it for a variety of purposes. For example, we may aggregate data for product development and improvement activities. However, it is important to note that no personally identifiable information is available or used in this process. We may also share information collected or obtained from you with others, such as, but not limited to Vi-Jon’s ministries or affiliations. If you do not want us to share information we have collected or obtained from you, please follow the instructions under Opt Out below.
Links
The Site may contain links to other sites. These links are for the convenience of visitors to the Site only, and Vi-Jon makes no representations whatsoever regarding such other sites. You should review the privacy policies of other sites carefully before providing any information to such sites. Vi-Jon is not responsible for the privacy policies or procedures or the content of any other site.
Security
The Site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information under Vi-Jon’s’ control.
Compliance with COPPA
Vi-Jon complies with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and does not knowingly permit registration or submission of personally identifiable information by anyone under 13 years of age. This age requirement is posted each time we request personally identifiable information.
Subpoenas
Vi-Jon does not disclose the identities of visitors or users of the Site unless legally required to do so. We will respond to any subpoena received from a government agency without prior notice to you. Unless prohibited by law or by a valid court order, we will use reasonable efforts notify you of any subpoena received from any other party (i.e., for civil litigation) which requires us to disclose your identity.
Opt-Out
If you do not want Vi-Jon to share information we collect or receive about you, or want Automated Information deleted from Vi-Jon’s records, you may do so by:
Choosing to “opt-out” prior to submitting any information; or by mailing your opt-out request to the following address:
Vi-Jon Marketing Department
8515 Page Avenue
St. Louis, MO 63114
Conditions of Use
Your access and use of the Site is subject to this Privacy Policy, Vi-Jon’s disclaimer, and other Web Site conditions including, but not limited to limitations on damages, and the applicability of the law of the State of Missouri.
Contacting the Site
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, the Web Site Terms, or any other questions concerning the Site, please contact:
Legal Department
Vi-Jon, Inc.
8515 Page Avenue
St. Louis, MO 63114
Close this module
Join Our TeamVi-Jon’s people-first approach is at the heart of our 100-year-plus history. Join our team to help us write a new chapter. Find available positions below:View Open Positions