http://www.conferencevenues.com.au/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting ConferenceVenues.com.au, an online service managed by Conference Venues and Booking Services Pty Ltd. We respect and protect the privacy of our users. This privacy policy tells you how we collect and use information.
The term “Personal Information” in this privacy policy means any information from which your identity is apparent or can be reasonably ascertained. We do not collect Personal Information about you when you visit this online service.
Our obligations
This online service is bound by the provisions of the Commonwealth of Australia Privacy Act 1988. This is an Act to make provision to protect the privacy of individuals, and for related purposes.
Personal information (PII)
The term “Personal Information” in this privacy policy means any information from which your identity is apparent or can be reasonably ascertained.
If you contact us we will collect the email address you nominate and any other identifying information you provide, such as a name or phone number.
Who we share your information with
We do not disclose any PII except in the following circumstances:
Accommodation, holiday rentals and ground transportation suppliers: We provide the guest/passenger name, telephone number and (for Conference and Accommodation Bookings, and otherwise in exceptional circumstances only) email address for each booking made to the relevant supplier or its representatives to fulfil your booking. Our suppliers require this information for the booking and may use it if they need to contact you about the booking. Although we offer accommodation and conference venues from reputable suppliers, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of any supplier whose services you book on our website.
Third party service providers: We may share your PII with third parties we appoint to perform services on our behalf. For example, we use a technology platform provider to facilitate marketing campaigns controlled and managed by us. Our service providers are not permitted to use or share your PII for any purpose other than the purpose for which they are appointed.
Legal obligations: We may be required by law to disclose your PII or to service providers where we are investigating a serious complaint or potential illegal acts.
Other than as set out above, you will be notified when PII about you will be shared with third parties.
Disclosure of your information overseas
Your PII may be transferred to, stored and processed overseas where those third parties with whom we share it, as described in this policy, are located. Due to the nature of the accommodation and travel services offered to you many of the accommodation and conference service providers that we deal with are located overseas. As a consequence, it is not practicable to list the location of every service provider with whom we deal.
The recipient of your PII may be located in a country that might not provide an equivalent level of data protection. While we do take steps to help ensure that your PII is protected we cannot be accountable for how these recipients handle your PII. By providing your PII to us you consent to our disclosure of your PII to these parties. If you have any concerns regarding the transfer of your PII overseas please contact us.
How you control and access your information
Subject to any exceptions provided by law, you are able to access any PII we hold about you. If we refuse your access request we will always provide you with our reasons for doing so. Here’s how you can control and have access to your information:
Newsletter and promotional material
If at any time you would like to either change your email address with us, update your newsletter preferences or unsubscribe from our newsletter or promotional materials you can:
go to the “Subscribe” section of our site from the home page and follow the instructions to change your email address, update your preferences or unsubscribe; or
send an email to admin@conferencevenues.com.au advising that you would like to unsubscribe, change your preferences or change your email address. Be sure to include details of your old and new email addresses for changes.
If you no do not wish to receive promotional material, participate in market research or receive other types of communication from us please contact us.
Booking information
If at any time you would like to alter the PII you provided us in your booking, please contact us.
General
Where any PII we hold about you is not accurate, complete or up to date or relevant you may contact us to correct that PII and we will respond to you in a reasonable time period.
Website analytics
To improve your experience on our site, we may use ‘cookies’. Cookies are an industry standard and most major web sites use them. A cookie is a small text file that our site may place on your computer as a tool to remember your preferences. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
Our website may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. When you go to other websites from here, we advise you to be aware and read their privacy policy.
Our website uses Google Analytics, a service which transmits website traffic data to Google servers in the United States. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage.
By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner described in Google’s Privacy Policy5 and for the purposes set out above. You can opt out of Google Analytics if you disable or refuse the cookie, disable JavaScript, or use the opt-out service provided by Google6.
ConferenceVenues.com.au also uses interfaces with social media sites such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and others. If you choose to “like” or “share” information from this website through these services, you should review the privacy policy of that service. If you are a member of a social media site, the interfaces may allow the social media site to connect your visits to this site with other Personal Information.
Contact us
Please contact us if you have any Privacy concerns or write to us at:
Conference Venues and Booking Services Pty Ltd
Po Box 303,
Caringbah, NSW, 1496
Australia
Check Out Our Latest Offers
Newsletter
Contact Us
Recent Posts
The Best Room Layout for your Event
Meeting and Conference Planning Tips for Events in a Hotel