http://www.odgers.com/en-us/terms-conditions
Your version of Internet Explorer is an unsupported browser and can put your computer at risk. Please upgrade your browser for a secure and supported experience.
USA
Australia
Austria
Belgium
Brazil
Canada
China
Colombia
Czech Republic
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany
India
Ireland
Japan
Luxembourg
Mexico
Netherlands
Portugal
Russia
Singapore
South Africa
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
UAE
Ukraine
United Kingdom
United States
Contact us
Contact us
Industries
Business Services | Professional Services
Business Services | Professional Services overview
Accountancy & Tax
Business Support Services
Legal
Management Consulting
Real Estate Management
Consumer | Entertainment | Sport
Consumer | Entertainment | Sport overview
Betting & Gaming
Consumer Goods
Media, Entertainment & Publishing
Retail
Sport
Travel, Leisure & Hospitality
Education
Education overview
Commercial Education | Accreditation | Training
Higher Education & Universities
Schools
Financial Services
Financial Services overview
Asset Management
Capital Markets
Corporate & Institutional Banking
Insurance
Market Infrastructure & FinTech
Private Equity & Venture Capital
Real Estate Investment
Retail & Commercial Banking
Wealth Management
Healthcare & Life Sciences
Healthcare & Life Sciences overview
Healthcare
HealthTech
Life Sciences
Industrial
Industrial overview
Energy & Natural Resources
Infrastructure
Manufacturing
Transportation
Public & Not For Profit
Public & Not For Profit overview
Arts & Culture
Charities & Foundations
Government & Public Organizations
Housing
Intergovernmental Organizations
Trade Associations & Professional Bodies
Technology
Technology overview
Cyber Security
Internet Services
IT Infrastructure & Electronics
IT Services
Software
Telecommunications
Roles
CEO
CFO & Financial roles
Chair & Board
Corporate Communications roles
Digital & Technology roles
Human Resources roles
Legal & Company Secretary
Marketing & Sales roles
Procurement & Supply Chain roles
Property roles
Risk & Compliance roles
Our services
Board Search
Executive Coaching & Development Services
Executive Coaching & Development Services overview
CFO Leadership Development
Executive Coaching & Onboarding
Leadership Team Development
Executive Search
Industry Mapping
Interim Appointments
Leadership Assessment Services
Leadership Assessment Services overview
CEO Evaluation
LeaderFit Assessment
Succession Planning & Development
People
Insights
Diversity Matters
Insights
Leadership Disrupted
Observe
Press
Locations
About Us
AESC Membership
Candidate Charter
Careers
CEOx1Day
Inclusion and Diversity
Odgers Interim
Opportunities
Contact us
Opportunities
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
These Terms of Use govern use of this website www.odgersberndtson.com  ("Site"), including all local versions of the Site, which is provided by OB International Search Limited (“OBI” or "we", "us") with the primary purpose of providing interested persons with access to general information and material about the executive search services offered by the Odgers Berndtson Group and its consultants.  In certain countries, this Site may also allow you to view job listings and to apply for those jobs through a portal.  Use of this Site and the available information and content shall be governed these Terms of Use, including any updates or revisions made in accordance with the provisions explained below.
All Site information is provided on an “as is” basis and to the best of our knowledge is accurate and complete as at the date of publication. However, we provide no warranties of any kind, including any implied warranties of care and skill, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of third party intellectual property rights. We make no representation or warranty about the accuracy or completeness of any information or that use of the Site will be risk or error free, uninterrupted or completely secure, or that errors or defects will be corrected. Users are advised to undertake routine checks of our Site for latest content and to take appropriate protective measures against viruses and other malicious objects.
Location
Where we are able to collect information about your location, you may be provided with a local version of this Site.  This will provide you access to locally tailored content, and ensure information is presented in an appropriate local language.
If you wish to navigate to another version of the Site, you can do so by using the links provided at the top of the page in the navigation bar .
Job Listings and Applications
If you use the Site to view and / or apply for a job vacancy, you should be aware that all jobs are listed on behalf of third party clients of OBI or another Odgers Berndtson company who have instructed us to manage a recruitment process on their behalf.
We expressly do not make any representation or warranty about the accuracy of any information contained in a job listing.
If you apply for a job, your application will be managed in accordance with a process which we will have agreed with the relevant client.
Whilst we will use reasonable endeavours to remove expired job listings from the Site, we can give no guarantee that any vacancy listed on this Site remains open at any given time.
For more detail about the information we collect from job applicants, and how that information is used and managed, please refer to our Privacy Policy.
Your use of this site
You may only use this Site for lawful purposes when seeking employment or help with your career or when recruiting staff.  You must not under any circumstances seek to undermine the security of the Site or any information submitted to or available through it.  In particular, you must not seek to access, alter or delete any information to which you do not have authorised access, seek to overload the system via spamming or flooding, take any action or use any device, routine or software to crash, delay, damage or otherwise interfere with the operation of this Site or attempt to decipher, disassemble or modify any of the software, coding or information comprised in the Site.
You are solely responsible for any information submitted by you to this Site and should ensure details supplied are true, accurate, up-to-date and not misleading or likely to mislead or deceive. Nor should you supply information that is discriminatory, obscene, offensive, defamatory or otherwise illegal, unlawful or in breach of any applicable legislation, regulations, guidelines or codes of practice or the copyright, trade mark or other intellectual property rights of any person in any jurisdiction.  You are also responsible for ensuring that all information, data and files are free of viruses or other routines or engines that may damage or interfere with any system or data prior to being submitted to this site.  We reserve the right to remove any information supplied by you from the website at our sole discretion, at any time and for any reason without being required to give any explanation.
Limitation of Liability
OBI shall not be liable for and hereby excludes liability for any loss, damage or injury (including any special, exemplary, indirect, incidental, consequential damages, costs or associated legal fees) that may be suffered as a result of access to or use of the Site or content to the fullest extent permitted by law. Our sole and exclusive liability for any reason shall be to discontinue access to or use of the Site or relevant content.
Intellectual Property
Unless otherwise stated, all content on the Site (including artwork, graphics, photographs, images, screen shots, text, downloadable files, video clips, trademarks, logos, product names, slogans, and compilations of the foregoing) (collectively, “Content") is owned or controlled by OBI and its licensors and may be protected by UK and international copyright, trade mark and other intellectual property laws.  Users are expected to respect these laws and limit the download and use of Content for personal, non-commercial purposes only in accordance with these Terms of Use. Users must not be copy, modify, reproduce or use Content for any other purpose without our prior written consent.
Links
The Site provides links to a number of Odgers Berndtson branded websites, including, for example, www.ceoxiday.be and www.obmc.es.  Responsibility for these sites will belong to whichever Odgers Berndtson entity is identified as the publisher or provider of that site, which may or may not be OBI.  You should refer to that website's Terms of Use for more information.  OBI does not accept liability for any Odgers Berndtson branded websites provided by legally separate Odgers Berndtson entities.  Any links to other websites or content are provided for convenience only. We do not endorse or take responsibility for third party sites or content and shall not be liable for any damage or injury suffered from use or access of the same.
Currency of Content
OBI updates the information on this Site regularly and we reserve the right to delete, modify or supplement content at any time. Users are advised to undertake routine checks of the Site for the latest content. We may also revise and update these Terms of Use from time to time. Any revisions will be effective when we publish an updated version of these Terms of Use on our website. Access or use of the Site following updates to the Terms of Use constitutes acceptance of those updated terms. Users who do not accept these Terms of Use should not access or use the Site.
We may, at our sole discretion and at any time, discontinue, restrict or prevent use of the Site, with or without notice. OBI will have no liability to users if access to the Site is discontinued.
Corporate Information
OB International Search Limited
Registered Number : 08943561
Registered Office : 20 Cannon Street, London EC4M 6XD
Applicable law
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. By using this Site, you agree to submit any dispute arising from use of the matters covered by these Terms of Use to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Privacy Policy
These Terms of Use apply to your use of the Site.  For guidance about the ways in which we collect and use your personal information through the Site, please refer to the Privacy Policy.
General Provisions
These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and OBI regarding the use of the Site. They are a legally binding agreement which are accepted by you as a condition of use of the Site.  They operate to the fullest extent permissible by law, provided that any provision that is unlawful, void, or unenforceable, shall be severed, but without affecting the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. Any failure by OBI to act with respect to any breach shall not constitute a waiver of OBI's right to act with respect to future or similar breaches.
Follow us
© Odgers Berndtson
A member of the Association of Executive Search and Leadership Consultants (AESC)
CEOx1Day
AESC Membership
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
United States
1140