https://www.metroalarmco.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Commercial
Fire Alarm Systems
Fire Inspections
Card Access Systems
Apartment Entry Security Systems
Camera System Solutions
Residential
Monitoring Services
State-Of-The-Art Technology (Security Monitoring )
Locksmith Services
About Metro Alarm
Meet The Team
National Services
Our Clients
Customer Care
DMP Alarms Videos
News
Contact Us
Our website address is: https://www.metroalarmco.com.
WHAT PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT AND WHY WE COLLECT IT
COMMENTS
This site does not allow comments.
But when visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
MEDIA
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
CONTACT FORMS
If you fill out a contact form, we collect your full name, email address, company, and phone number for customer service purposes only. The data is collected on this website’s database and stored indefinitely.
COOKIES
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
EMBEDDED CONTENT FROM OTHER WEBSITES
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
ANALYTICS
Analytics collected on this site are collected by Google Analytics. Google Analytics tracks where you came from by your IP address location. Google Analytics privacy policy: https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html
WHO WE SHARE YOUR DATA WITH
Your data is shared with MailChimp for marketing purposes. MailChimp does not use the data. MailChimp privacy policy: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy
We use ContactForm7 to create our forms. ContactForm7 privacy policy: https://contactform7.com/privacy-policy
Comments made on this site will pull in your Gravatar if you have one. Gravatar privacy policy: https://automattic.com/privacy
HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR DATA
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
WHAT RIGHTS YOU HAVE OVER YOUR DATA
If you have an account on this site or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
WHERE WE SEND YOUR DATA
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
OUR CONTACT INFORMATION
Metro Alarm & Lock
3921 W. 143rd Street
Savage, MN 55378
info@metroalarmco.com
(888) 794-7196
Additional Information
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR DATA
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. We take appropriate and reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect Personal Information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the Personal Information.
WHAT DATA BREACH PROCEDURES WE HAVE IN PLACE
If there would be a breach of data, we would correct the breach and personally email the recipients within 48 hours of identifying the beach.
LEGAL INFORMATION
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations, including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).
This privacy policy relates solely to MetroAlarmCo.com if not stated otherwise within this document.
Metro Alarm & Lock > Privacy Policy
Client Testimonial
We had Metro Alarm install complete security and fire alarm systems in two different homes. Their service was fantastic and the systems have performed flawlessly. I highly recommend them.
— Josh
Metro Alarm & Lock Is
Licensed, Insured and Bonded
UL Listed Fire Alarm Service Company
Member of MN Electronic Security & Technology Association
Member of the National Fire Alarm Association
Member of Fire Marshal Association of Minnesota
Member of Minnesota Shopping Center Association
With the increasing demand for security in our homes and businesses, the installation and service of cameras, access control, security, and life safety systems continues to rise. Always exploring the newest state-of-the-art technology, Metro Alarm provides more security solutions to meet the needs of our clients.
Contact Metro Alarm & Lock
3921 W. 143rd Street
Savage, MN 55378
(888) 794-7196
(952) 346-9452 (Central Station)
Contact Metro
Search This Site
Metro’s Office in Savage
View Your Alarm History
Alarm Monitoring Center
Connect With Us
FacebookTwitterVimeoYouTube
News & Events
Newly designed occupancy/status indicator options … [Read More...]Please contact us for more details!
Virtual … [Read More...]We wish you a very happy holiday season and a … [Read More...]
WordPress Download Manager
WordPress Download Manager - Best Download Management Plugin
Close
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy