http://www.nbc.ca/business/going-further/legal-support.html
Legal support
Starting a business can be a complex process. Lex Start and National Bank will handle your legal needs in an uncomplicated way, at a fixed price.
Contact Lex Start
Make your life easier with Lex Start
Save time
A fast and easy online process.
Save money
Fixed price
50% of the cost of traditional firms.
Dedicated lawyers
All documents are validated by a business lawyer.
Incorporate your business with Lex Start and get a $350 refund
following the opening of your business account at National Bank1
Find out about the offer
Find the right legal kit for your business
Incorporation of a company
Starting at $700* plus taxes
Federal or provincial incorporation is the main legal form for entrepreneurs looking to set up a company.
Kit includes:
Statutes and certificates
Digital minutes book (organizing resolutions and regulations)
Share capital
Government fees
Validation of documents by a lawyer
See the kit
Shareholders’ agreement
$800 plus taxes
The shareholders’ agreement is a contract that regulates the rights and obligations of each shareholder.
Kit includes:
A standard shareholders’ agreement
Validation of document by a lawyer
Learn more about this solution
Terms and conditions (website/app)
$500* plus taxes
This kit is essential for regulating what the users of your website or mobile app can do.
Kit includes:
Conditions of use
Privacy policy
Validation of documents by a lawyer
Learn more about this kit
Effectuez vos opérations au téléphone et par Carte-Client
See all the kits
Useful articles
How to incorporate your business in 7 steps
Ensuring good shareholder relationships is a must
What funding solutions are available for your SME?
Find out more
Opening a foreign currency account or protecting yourself against exchange rate fluctuations – our experts find the solutions to support your growth.
Expand your business abroad
Want to protect your international transactions?
Learn about our international solutions
Like reading analyses of economic news?
Subscribe to our newsletters
Legal Notes
Information presented in the form of legal documentation is of a general nature and is provided without any guarantee as to its accuracy or possible obsolescence.
This information should not be construed as legal advice. If you need specific legal advice, you must consult a lawyer.
Neither National Bank nor Lex Start, nor their representatives, assumes any responsibility for the accuracy or reliability of the content. However, all services provided by a lawyer on this platform are the responsibility of such lawyer.
*Additional options for this kit are available at lexstart.ca and prices may vary according to the options chosen.
1Details and conditions of the offer : https://lexstart.ca/en/national-bank-offer/