http://www.rmcom.net/contact-us/privacy-policy
ABOUT USCOMPANYCORPORATE VALUESServicesCareersContact usPrivacy Policy
ABOUT US-COMPANY-CORPORATE VALUESServicesCareersContact us-Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Robert Michael Communications, Inc (RMC) is committed to protecting the privacy of patients, caregivers, healthcare professionals, and any others who register and/or participate in any medical education programming. RMC does not sell, share, trade, or rent the personal identifying information of its users to third parties. RMC collects no personal information about its users, except when specifically, and knowingly provided by such users. A user’s personal information may be used by RMC to provide services to its participants.
RMC may offer its users online surveys and questionnaires that ask users for opinions and/or other information. Such surveys are completed voluntarily. Any information submitted may be shared with other companies on an aggregate basis, but RMC will not provide such companies with any information regarding the identity of any individual user.
Privacy of Children
RMC does not knowingly collect personal identifying information from children younger than 13 years of age.
What Are "Cookies" and How Does RMC Use Them?
Cookies are a string of characters stored in a text file that is sent to your hard drive where your Internet browser files are kept. Cookies enable websites to store small bits of information on your computer and retrieve that information at a later time.
RMC uses temporary session cookies to facilitate your navigation through our websites. Session cookies are not permanently stored on your computer’s hard drive. Rather, they are deleted when you log off our website.
RMC uses persistent cookies for such purposes as accurately tracking the number of website users, remembering whether you have completed a survey/evaluation or have registered, and recalling certain customizations and preferences that you have specified. Persistent cookies are encoded so that the information they contain can be interpreted only by RMC.
Please note that our cookies do not actually contain any personal identifying information; therefore, your privacy is not affected. Visitors who are concerned about the use of cookies technology may opt to enable a feature in their browser technology that will erase cookies, block all cookies, or warn users before cookies are stored or exchanged. However, please note that some parts of our website will not function or may be considerably slower if you do so.
Information we collect automatically: When you use the services or browse one of our websites, we may collect information about your visit to the websites, your usage of the services, and your web browsing. That information may include your IP address, your operating system, your browser ID, your browsing activity, and other information about how you interacted with our websites or other websites. We may collect this information as a part of log files as well as through the use of cookies or other tracking technologies.
Web beacons: We use web beacons on our websites and in our emails. When we send emails, we may track behavior, such as who opened the emails and who clicked the links. This allows us to measure the performance of our email campaigns and to improve our marketing. This is a transparent image that is placed within the e-mail, also called web beacons. Web beacons allow us to collect information about when you open the email, your IP address, your browser or email client type, and other similar details.
Information from other sources: From time to time we may obtain information about you from third party sources, such as public databases, social media platforms, third party data providers, and our joint marketing partners. We take steps to ensure that such third parties are legally permitted or required to disclose such information to us. Examples of the information we may receive from other sources include: demographic information, device information (such as, IP addresses), location, and online behavioral data (such as, information about your use of social media websites, page view information, and search results and links). We use this information, alone or in combination with other information (including personal information) we collect, to enhance our ability to provide relevant marketing and content to you and to develop and provide you with more relevant products, features, and services.
Use of Personal Information
To promote use of our services to you and others. For example, if we collect your personal information when you visit our website and you do not sign up for any of the services, we may send you an email inviting you to sign up. You can stop receiving our promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in every email we send. In addition, we may use information we collect in order to advertise our services to you or suggest additional features of our services that you might consider using. In addition, we may use your personal information to advertise our services to potential or other users like you.
We may use such information in the following ways:
To personalize user's experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and offerings in which you are most interested.
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey, or other site feature.
To quickly process your transactions.
To send you informational and promotional content in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can stop receiving our promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in every email.
Access
We will give an individual access to any personal information we hold about them within 30 days of any request for that information. Individuals may request to access, correct, amend, or delete information we hold about them by contacting us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. Unless it is prohibited by law, we will remove any personal information about an individual from our servers by request. There is no charge for an individual to access or update their personal information.
Contact
Attn. Privacy Officer This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. 101 Laurel Road, Suite 200 Voorhees, NJ 08043
Policy last modified 8.23.18
Follow us on LinkedIn
Copyright © 2019. Robert Michael Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Address: 101 Laurel Rd, Voorhees Township, NJ 08043
Phone: (856) 547-4141