http://www.telecomfinance.com/privacy-policy-1
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Sections
Regions
Topics
Companies
Europe
North America
Latin America
Asia Pacific
Middle East
Africa
Strategy & Markets
M&A & Investments
Financing & Restructuring
Regulatory & Legal
Space-based Connectivity Services
Terrestrial Connectivity Services
Content & Connectivity Platforms
Connectivity Hardware
Connectivity Software
Privacy Policy
The following Privacy Policy summarizes the various ways that Finance Information Group LLC and its affiliates ("Connectivity Business", “SatelliteFinance”, "Finance Information Group", or "we" or “our”) treats the information you provide while using our web sites and when accessing our content through other sources including, but not limited to, email. This Privacy Policy applies to: (a) “Users” who access the web site and (b) “Subscribers”, who elect to receive additional information in connection with their subscription(s).
Consent
Your use of and/or registration on any aspect of the web site will constitute your agreement to this Privacy Policy. In addition to this Privacy Policy, use of this web site is governed by our Terms of Use.
This Privacy Policy may be modified, amended or replaced from time to time. The date of the most recent revisions is noted below. Your continued use of and/or access of the web site will constitute your acceptance of any such modifications, amendments or replacements to this Privacy Policy.
Access Log Information
Our web server collects access log information including click-stream data and HTTP protocol elements. The data may be used by us and our agents for web site and system administration and for research and development.
Our servers may also automatically collect information about your computer when you visit the web site, including without limitation the type of browser software you use, the operating system you are running, the web site that referred you, and your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address.
Cookies
We collect HTTP cookies that may be used by us and our agents for site administration, completion and support of the current activity, web site and system administration, research and development, anonymous user analysis, anonymous user profiling and decision making, and to control access to certain content on our web site and to allow our server to maintain information about any subscription with us.
To administer our web site and for research purposes, we may contract with third parties to track and analyze volume statistical information and anonymous usage data from our Users and Subscribers. Such information is shared externally only on an anonymous, aggregated basis.
In addition, we may use clear gifs, also known as "web beacons", that are similar in function to cookies. These clear gifs, which are not tied to the user's personally identifiable information, help us to improve the visitor experience, track visitor behavior, to manage our site content, and to help measure and improve the effectiveness of our e-mail communications.
Data Collection
We use personally identifying information you supply through the web site to provide you with the service you have requested. We may also use the information to communicate with you about new features, publications or services, and/or to improve the services that we offer.
We may provide your personally identifying information to our contributing authors, select firms that market their services on our web site, and carefully chosen third parties. We will seek to require such third parties to follow appropriate privacy policies and will not authorize them to use this information except for the express purpose for which it is provided. Please be aware that we cannot control and are not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties.
We may disclose information in our possession or provide access to our database as we deem necessary in order to comply with a law or regulation, or cooperate with official investigations or legal proceedings, including, for example, in response to subpoenas, search warrants, court orders, or other legal process.
In addition, as our business changes, we may buy or sell various assets. In the event all or a portion of the assets owned or controlled by us, our parent or any subsidiary or affiliated entity are offered for sale, sold, assigned, transferred or acquired by another company, the information from and/or about our web site users may be disclosed or transferred as part of the potential or actual transaction.
To opt-out, please send an email to info@financeinformationgroup.com.
Information Access, Change, and/or Deletion
You may access, correct, update, and/or delete any personally identifiable information that you submit to the web site. You may also unsubscribe from mailing lists or any registrations on the web site. To do so, follow the instructions on the page of the web site where you provided the information or where you subscribed or registered or contact us directly.
Email Information
We ask for your email address at registration. We may send email to this address (i) to confirm your registration, (ii) if you opt in to any of our newsletters or alerts, and (iii) if you request that we contact you for any other reason. You can unsubscribe from these e-mails on the site’s Subscription page.
By signing up for any of our newsletters or alerts, you agree to receive on occasion other correspondence from Finance Information Group LLC. You may modify your email preferences and/or opt out of such contacts.  In addition, we may contact you regarding your account status and major changes to the web site and/or to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Social and Email Sharing
The email and social sharing features of the web site allow you to utilize links to our content through email and social networks. The email address(es) that you supply in connection with this service will be used only to send the requested article. They will not be stored or reused for any purpose.
International Users
This web site is hosted from the United States. Users located outside of the United States consent to the transfer of their data to the United States for processing and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Information Security and Preservation
We utilize what we believe to be commercially reasonable security measures with respect to the information you provide to us. Despite these precautions, please note that no data transmission over the Internet is completely secure, so we cannot guarantee the security of the information you send to us, or the security of our servers or databases. By using the web site you agree to assume all risk in connection with the information sent to us or collected by us when you use the web site.
Note that we may retain information as long as we deem it reasonably necessary and relevant for our operations. In addition, we may retain personal information from closed accounts to comply with the law, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigation, or enforce our Terms and Conditions or other agreements.
Children's Online Privacy Protection
This web site is not intended for use by, or directed at, children 13 years of age or younger. No one under age 13 is allowed to use our web site. We do not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from children under the age of 13.
Links to Third-Party Sites
We may provide links to third-party web sites as a service to our users. Please be aware that we cannot control and are not responsible for the information collection practices of such third-party web sites-policies that may differ from those of this site. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these other web sites before providing any information to them.
Third Party Advertising Services
We may also use advertising service vendors to help present advertisements on the web site. These vendors may use cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies to serve you advertisements tailored to interests you have shown by browsing on this and other sites you have visited, to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before and to avoid sending you duplicate advertisements. In doing so, these vendors may collect non-personal data such as your browser type, your operating system, web pages visited, time of visits, content viewed, ads viewed, and other clickstream data. The use of cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies by these advertising service vendors is subject to their own privacy policies, not ours, and Transaction Advisors disclaims all liability in connection therewith.
California Privacy Rights
California Law may permit users who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to Info@FinanceInformationGroup.com
Last revised: December 30, 2019
Finance Information Group
325 North LaSalle, Suite 550
Chicago, IL 60654-5183 USA
+1.207.358.8855
ISSN 1352-6456
FOLLOW CONNECTIVITY BUSINESS
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Sitemap
Copyright © 2020 Finance Information Group LLC