http://www.portfoliorecovery.com/prapay/help/how-it-works
How it works
This section explains how to work with us to resolve your debt, including:
How to review information about your debt
The convenient payment options we offer
How to learn about our policies in the debt process
Review your debt.
You may not have heard of us before and wonder
who we are — your
original creditor sold us your account, and we now own your debt.
To review this debt, sign in to see:
The name of the original creditor/merchant/seller
The account balance and date that we acquired your debt
The date you opened the original account and the last payment you made
We will not charge you servicing fees
To dispute this debt, you can contact us by phone, email, Live CHAT or letter.
To dispute this debt, you can contact us by phone, email, Live CHAT or letter.
Know your payment options.We’re happy to provide flexible payment options as low as $5 a month.You can:Pay your balance off in one paymentSet up a payment planMake a payment to reduce your balance
Know your payment options.We’re happy to provide flexible payment options as low as $5 a month.You can:Pay your balance off in one paymentSet up a payment planMake a payment to reduce your balance
You can customize your plan to control:
Amount per payment
Number of payments
Length of plan
Sign in to your account to manage your payment plan:
Pay more when you can
Modify your plan to change payment frequency and method
Change your payments when needed
See the amount of your last payment
You can also make payment(s) at any time to keep reducing your balance.
When you make a payment or set up a plan, you can choose your payment method:
Pay by checking or savings account
Pay by debit card
We work with you, at your pace, to help you resolve your debt. Please Live CHAT or contact us if you need assistance.
Our policies
Please know that we:
won’t charge interest on unsecured debt or servicing fees
won’t resell your debt to anyone else
will send you confirmation when your debt is resolved
will provide you with clear and accurate information about your account
may give you a savings offer to resolve your debt for less than what you owe (this will appear as a payment option in your account)
For more information see the PRA Promise.
Special circumstances
Some circumstances require special attention:
HardshipsIf you are experiencing difficult circumstances that hinder your ability to make arrangements on your account, we want you to know that we understand and are here to help. Please see our FAQs for more information.
Help with your account?
Contact & FAQs
Live CHAT
Modal Title
Template to be used for all modals.
Close
OK
Modal Title
Close
OK
Template to be used for campaign modals.
Live Chat