https://www.qcsupply.com/cookie-policy/
Your company account is blocked and you cannot place orders. If you have questions, please contact your company administrator.
Please refresh this page to improve your experience.
Home
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Customer Service
Payment & Tax
Shipping & Handling
International Orders
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
QC Supply shares your concern about privacy. We respect your privacy and treat your personal information with the highest standards of security and confidentiality. This Cookie Policy explains how personal information about you is collected, used, and disclosed by QC Supply, LLC.
Effective Date: January 1, 2020
About Cookies
Cookies are files with small amounts of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from our site and stored on your device.
About Web Beacons
Web Beacons are electronic images that may be used on our site or in our emails. We use web beacons to deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness, and to tell if an email has been opened or acted upon.
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies to:
Monitor traffic flow and patters of travel in connection with our site
Customize and enhance your shopping experience
Understand the total number of visitors on our site and the types of web browsers and operating systems they use
Monitor the performance of our site to continually improve it
Examples of cookies we use:
Session Cookies: We use Session Cookies to operate our services
Preference Cookies: We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings
Security Cookies: We use Security Cookies for security purposes
Analytics Cookies: We use Analytics Cookies to maintain and improve our site
Analytics Cookies
We use performance and analytics cookies to analyze how our website is accessed, used, or performing. With this information, we can provide a better user experience by maintaining and continually improving our site. These cookies allow us to:
Better understand our visitors so that we can improve how content is presented
Collect information about visitors such as where they are located and what web browsert they use
Determine the number of unique users on our site
Measure any errors that may occur
Conduct research and diagnostics to improve product offerings
Marketing
We use marketing cookies to deliver many types of targeted digital marketing. We do this in order to provide you with a better user experience and maintain, operate, and continually improve our site. Cookies may store user data and behavior information, which allows advertising services to target audience according to variables. For example, these cookies allow us to:
Observe the site performance and generate site or search retargeting
Maintain and improve the website and our products
How to Control Cookies
You can choose to stop the collection of data by cookies on our site. Set your browser to remove and reject cookies set by QC Supply. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services on our site.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this Policy or about privacy practices, please call our customer customer service representatives at (888) 433-5275 or send an email to qcsupply@qcsupply.com. You may also direct your privacy-related comments or questions to the following address:
QC Supply, LLC P.O. Box 581 Schuyler, NE 68661-0581