https://www.loyaltymarketing.com/privacy
Loyalty Programs
Solutions
Services
Resources
Blog
About
Contact
Schedule a Demo
Privacy
Policy
Tecmark, LLC. Privacy Statement
Effective February 15, 2018
OUR COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our digital information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted by Tecmark’s clients through our digital properties. The types of personal information collected on our digital properties may include:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Birthdate
Preferences for members of email/text communications and push notifications
THE WAY WE USE INFORMATION
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive or to communicate with members of our clients’ loyalty programs. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can opt-in to our clients’ communications if you would like to receive special promotions, such as discounts and special offers. Information you submit through our digital properties will not be used for these purposes unless you opt-in to our communications. Tecmark, on behalf of our clients, may use your date of birth (if provided) to send personalized birthday promotions and communications.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
CHOICE/OPT OUT - INFORMATION USES
When you are asked to provide certain specific information while visiting one of our digital properties, you may be given the opportunity to choose whether to have your information used for certain purposes. Otherwise, visitors who no longer wish to be contacted, to have their information shared pursuant to this Privacy Policy, or to receive promotional email notifications may always opt-out of receiving these notifications by clicking the unsubscribe link or contacting a Sales Associate; provided, however, Tecmark’s clients may still disclose your information for any and all reasons described in the section above entitled "The Way We Use Information." You may opt-out at any time and for any reason.
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS FROM TECMARK
Visitors to Tecmark’s Digital Properties are given the opportunity to specifically consent and request to receive from Tecmark’s clients, by electronic delivery, (which includes email, text message, push notifications), promotional and marketing information and materials, documents, and any other communications which they may have requested to receive from Tecmark’s clients. When you consent to receive Electronic Communications, you are specifically agreeing that Electronic Communications provided by Tecmark’s clients, are reasonable and proper notice, for the purpose of any and all laws, rules, and regulations, and you agree that such Electronic Communications fully satisfy any requirement that such communications be provided to you in writing or in a form that you may keep. By providing your consent, you acknowledge that, for your records, you are able to access and retain Electronic Communications and this Privacy Policy by printing and/or downloading and saving each to a computer. You acknowledge and agree that you are under no obligation to consent to (i) receive Electronic Communications, or (ii) receive Electronic Communications as a condition of purchasing any property, goods or services from Tecmark’s clients.
OUR COMMITMENT TO DATA SECURITY
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
HOW YOU CAN ACCESS OR CORRECT YOUR INFORMATION
You can obtain all your personally identifiable information that we collect and maintain by contacting us through your loyalty program’s member website or mobile app. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error through either platform mentioned above. Contact a Sales Associate for further instruction on how to make those requests.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before obtaining personal information or making corrections.
RELEASE AND LIMITATIONS
By using our digital properties you release, waive and discharge Tecmark and its clients from any and all liability related to, and agree that Tecmark and its clients are not responsible for: (i) any disclosure of personal information made by you to a third party through your use of our digital properties; (ii) any disclosure of personal information obtained illegally from us; or (iii) any accidental disclosure of personal information made by us.
HOW TO CONTACT US
Should you have other questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please send us an email at support@loyaltymarketing.com.
Home
Contact
Blog
Privacy Policy
CONNECT WITH US
© 2020 SimpliConnect, Inc. – All rights reserved.