http://www.bancwestcorp.com/security-center-personal/policies/terms-of-use.html
Visit our Here to Help page for resources that may be helpful throughout the COVID-19 crisis.
Small and medium sized business customers can get information about the PPP loan forgiveness program here.
Skip to main content
Skip to main content
A Checking Account for Climate Action
We’ll donate 1% of our net revenue from this account to 1% for the Planet (at no cost to you)
Apply Now
Bank of the West Sign In
Username
Password
SIGN IN
Forgot Username or Password?
New? Sign up for account access
Sign In to business services
Treasury Management
ACH Positive Pay
EDS Premier
Image Express
TaxDirect
Corporate Credit Cards
CentreSuite
Corporate Rewards
Online Banking
Business Online Banking
WebDirect
Other Services
Bank of the West Trade
Fixed Income Reporting
NetX Investor
Wealth Management Portfolio Online
We're here to help
Please see our latest updates related to the COVID-19 crisis.
Here are additional ways we may be able to support you:
Small and medium sized business — resources and programs that may help during the COVID-19 situation.
Online Banking and our Mobile app are the quickest and most convenient way to do your everyday banking.
Please use our Branch Locator for updated branch hours and availability.
Compare ways to save
Compare savings accounts
Compare checking accounts
Compare CDs
Compare IRAs
Great rates for loans
Home Loans
Home Equity Line of Credit
Car Loans
RV Loans
Most popular links
Open an Account
Make a payment online
Find your routing number
Get the mobile app
Read about sustainable finance
Bank Locator
Find a Branch or ATM
Enter ZIP or City or State
Find
Ready to buy a new home?
Find out how much house you can afford and start the preapproval process. Learn more
BancWest Investment Services
Investing doesn't have to be so complicated. Learn more
Refinance and gain access to cash
If your home value has increased, you may be able to refinance and get cash out for the things you need. Learn more
Security & Privacy Center
Your privacy and security are at the forefront of what we do. Learn how we protect your personal information and safeguard you against fraud. Learn more
Mortgage Help
Are financial hardships making your mortgage payments difficult to afford? You have options to consider.
We're here to help
Financial Education
Get valuable financial insight. We cover everything from building a budget to planning for retirement. Get started
Diversity & Inclusion
We promote diversity and inclusion as a vital part of the success and future of Bank of the West.
Learn more. Find us on Facebook
Legal information and Disclosures
Deposit and loan products offered by Bank of the West, Member FDIC.
Wireless carriers may charge fees for text transmissions or data usage. Message frequency depends on account settings. Text HELP to BKWST for help. Availability of Mobile Banking may be affected by your mobile device's coverage area.
Securities and variable annuities are offered through BancWest Investment Services, a registered broker/dealer, member FINRA/SIPC, and SEC Registered Investment Adviser. Financial Advisors are Registered Representatives of BancWest Investment Services. Fixed annuities/insurance products are offered through BancWest Insurance Agency in California, (License #0C52321) and through BancWest Investment Services, Inc. in all other states where it is licensed to do business. This is not an offer or solicitation in any jurisdiction where we are not authorized to do business. Bank of the West and its various affiliates and subsidiaries are not tax or legal advisors.
BancWest Investment Services is a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of the West. Bank of the West is a wholly owned subsidiary of BNP Paribas.
Investment and Insurance Products:
NOT FDIC INSURED
NOT BANK GUARANTEED
MAY LOSE VALUE
NOT A DEPOSIT
NOT INSURED BY ANY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AGENCY
TOP
Back to top
×
You are leaving Bank of the West
Please be aware: The website you are about to enter is not operated by Bank of the West. Bank of the West does not endorse the content of this website and makes no warranty as to the accuracy of content or functionality of this website. The privacy and security policies of the site may differ from those practiced by Bank of the West.
To proceed to this website, select Continue, or Cancel to remain on the Bank of the West website.
Cancel
Continue