http://www.resumerabbit.com/privacy
Home
About us
Pricing
FAQs
Contact us
Log in
Log in
Our Beliefs About Privacy
Talent Worldwide, Inc. and ResumeRabbit are firmly committed to protecting your privacy. We created this Privacy Statement so you'll have the information you need to make a confident and informed online buying decision.
We value your trust and pledge to do everything we can to handle your personal, private or sensitive information carefully, responsibly and securely. Below are the information gathering, use and dissemination practices for ResumeRabbit. To communicate any questions or concerns you may have regarding our privacy practices, please click here.
One-Stop Resume Posting
ResumeRabbit's One-Stop Resume Posting service allows customers to be automatically posted to multiple 3rd party career web sites using a single online form.
Posting Your Resume Confidentially
If you select "Keep My Identity Confidential" during our registration process, we will select the confidentiality option on the career websites offering that feature. For Career Websites that do not offer a confidentiality feature, we will replace your personally identifiable information as follows:
"First & Last Name" are replaced with "Confidential User."
"Street Address" is replaced with "Address Withheld."
"Phone Number" is replaced with "A/C-555-1212."
"Most Recent Company" is replaced with "Confidential."
Additionally, we recommend you remove all unwanted personal information from the "cut and paste" version of your resume and cover letter, as it will be posted exactly as you provide it to us.
NOTE: These practices may conflict with the Terms of Service listed on some of the 3rd party career websites where we post your resume. If you choose to use this feature you must agree to do so at your own risk. To visit and review the terms of service on these sites, click here.
Spam Prevention & Email Forwarding
Posting an email address on the Internet can sometimes give rise to unwanted email ("Spam"). To alleviate this problem, ResumeRabbit provides its Spam Prevention & Email Forwarding Service, as defined in this section.
ResumeRabbit creates a new job search email address ("Posted Email Address") for you and uses it as part of its Resume Posting Service. Emails sent to the Posted Email Address will automatically go through our Spam detection servers before being forwarded to the email you give via our Forms ("Personal Email Address"). This greatly reduces the amount of Spam you would receive at your Personal Email Address.
By using the Spam Prevention & Email Forwarding service, you give ResumeRabbit the permission and power to choose which emails sent to your Posted Email Address should be filtered and which should be forwarded to your Personal Email Address. You give ResumeRabbit the permission to alter the content of 3rd party emails for any reason. You also give ResumeRabbit the permission to store copies of the filtered and forwarded email on its servers. ResumeRabbit does not receive or accept any authority over your usage of your Personal Email Address, and will not be held liable for anything related to your Personal Email Address.
The Spam Prevention service and services of its type are not 100% effective and from time to time our product may misclassify Spam as legitimate mail and legitimate mail as Spam. ResumeRabbit makes no guarantees that all Spam will be blocked from being forwarded to your email account. ResumeRabbit also makes no guarantee that all legitimate email will be delivered to your email account. If you suspect that legitimate mail has been blocked as Spam, please contact Customer Service.
Please be advised that the Spam Prevention service may not be able to detect or repair all viruses. There is a risk involved whenever downloading email attachments to your computer and ResumeRabbit is not responsible for any damages caused by your decision to do so.
ResumeRabbit may place limits on the amount of email a user may receive in a day in order to protect the health of the company's network. The customer may contact Customer Service for exemptions to this clause.
Handling of Information Gathered from Customers
Personal Information
On our web site you provide contact information, your desired job requirements, your relevant experience and other personal information (collectively "Personal Information"). Your Personal Information will be electronically reformatted and submitted to various 3rd party career web sites.
ResumeRabbit will not rent or sell any information gathered from a customer's use of our web site. Your personal information will not be shared with any 3rd parties for any reason other than what's described in this Privacy Statement or lawfully requested by federal or state authorities.
Payment Information
Payment Information collected from customers on the ResumeRabbit web site is securely transmitted for payment processing in real-time utilizing PayPal/VeriSign's Online Payment Services. Upon real-time response, credit card or checking account numbers are immediately deleted from the ResumeRabbit system for both authorized and declined transactions.
PayPal/VeriSign, using its own secure connections and encryption technology, then transmits your payment information for validation and processing to an authorized and reputable payment-processing clearinghouse.
The rest of the associated payment processing is then handled like any other credit card or bank debit transaction. To the best of our knowledge all of the companies and banking institutions involved in our payment processing do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any purpose outside of processing our payments.
In rare instances due to real-time data transmission failures outside of our control, we'll inform customers that their Payment Information has been captured for later processing. Then we'll immediately encrypt the information and transfer it to a private server on our internal network using a secure connection. Only our Security Administrator has the encryption key to unlock Payment Information for processing. Once processed the information is immediately deleted from our servers.
Log In's
When a customer logs in to our website with their user name and password a record of that log in may be captured, time stamped and stored in our database along with records of certain activities or functions performed by the customer during that session.
The log in information will help us identify the customer associated with those activities and will be used for both statistical analysis as well as customer service. Log in information may also be used to trigger an email to communicate with a customer regarding a procedure they may have started but not finished or to inform them that something they requested is now available online.
Employee Accountability
Only those ResumeRabbit employees that have a legitimate business purpose for accessing and handling personal information obtained by us are given authorization to do so. The unauthorized access or use of such information by any ResumeRabbit employee is prohibited and constitutes grounds for disciplinary action.
Additionally, our information management systems are configured in such a way as to block or inhibit employees from accessing information that they have no authority to access.
Information Generated By Our Web site
Cookies
A "cookie" is a small data file that gets sent by a web site to your web browser and may then be stored on your computer. Most web browsers allow users to choose to: never to accept cookies, automatically accept cookies, be notified prior to accepting receipt of a cookie from a web site. A received cookie is usually stored in a directory that can be deleted from your computer at any time.
ResumeRabbit uses cookies solely for the following reasons:
To track a customers movement through our web site and provide meaningful related information from page to page.
To help aggregate all the information a customer provides on several web page forms into a single set of customer information for submission to 3rd party web sites and to PayPal/VeriSign for payment processing.
To avoid the necessity of a customer having to continually enter his or her username and password after having logged on to our web site.
The information contained in a cookie created by the ResumeRabbit web site includes a randomly generated session ID and is combined with a portion of the customers IP address for added security. A cookies usefulness along with all related records on our web server expire within hours of having been used.
Web Site Log Information
While not associated with any particular web site visitor's contact information, we retain standard log information gathered by our web server software package for an indefinite period of time. This information will be used solely for statistical analysis. Standard log information includes:
The web page requested.
The host name or IP address of the user making the request.
The date and time of the request.
The web page address visited prior to the request.
The users browser type.
The users operating system.
Protection of Your Payment Information
To protect your Payment Information online we use SSL encryption technology and offer Credit Card Fraud Protection.
SSL Encryption Technology
ResumeRabbit holds a digital certificate from Symantec, a trusted third-party Certification Authority. At ResumeRabbit we pride ourselves on our use of secure e-commerce servers complete with digital certificates, secure server ID's, SSL encryption technology, and SSL authentication. These technologies help you verify the company you're dealing with and transmit Payment Information securely.
Credit Card Fraud Protection
In the case of unauthorized use of your credit card, with proper notification to your issuing bank the Fair Credit Billing Act provides that your maximum liability is limited to $50.00 US. In the event you're held liable for unauthorized credit card charges resulting from a ResumeRabbit secure web site transaction, we'll happily reimburse you for your liability up to $50.00 US with the submission of supporting documents.
Marketing
General Advertising
ResumeRabbit services may be advertised using a variety of methods. Examples can include print, radio, television, banner, public relations and email marketing.
In order to determine the effectiveness of different advertising vehicles, ResumeRabbit may create different website addresses for advertising vehicles in order to track and understand which vehicles are most effective. This would allow us to identify by virtue of the advertisement responded to, certain information about a customer that the customer didn't necessarily provide, such as their reading, viewing, listening or web surfing interests and habits. ResumeRabbit may use this information internally to determine what other products or services our customers may be interested in as well as for statistical analysis of what type of customers or advertising vehicles are most effective.
Customer Surveys
ResumeRabbit may from time to time conduct surveys that ask you for feedback on our products and services. We use that information for market research, to improve our product offerings, identify desirable new products, and perform site and service enhancements. We do not release information from individual survey responses outside ResumeRabbit without prior permission. We may occasionally share aggregated data with selected business partners. Some surveys may be performed by outside professional firms on our behalf to minimize bias. Those professionals are bound by these same restrictions.
Email To Existing Customers
ResumeRabbit may from time to time send its customers a promotional email messages to market a service or activity. However, we'll only send promotional email when we reasonably believe our customers would be interested in the subject matter. Nonetheless in every case we will provide clear and simple instructions on how to be removed from our mailing list.
Example topics for email messages to customers include: information about a new product or service, offers to try one of our existing services, invitations to beta test a new service or requests to participate in a survey.
Email To Prospective Customers
Talent Worldwide, Inc's mission and objectives are to create innovative high quality products and services that: offer specific solutions to people with particular needs, save our customers time and money and offer exceptional value at reasonable prices.
Talent Worldwide, Inc. is not in support of untargeted, unsolicited mass email marketing to people who'd most likely have no interest in our products. However we do believe in targeted email marketing where: the mail is responsibly delivered, the message is honestly and respectfully written, there's good reason to believe the recipient is pre-disposed to be interested in the product, the recipient clearly understands why they'd receive such a message and recipients can easily and effectively remove themselves from our mailing list.
To that end, ResumeRabbit may from time to time obtain, create, or acquire email lists of prospective customers who are known to be seeking employment or who are otherwise likely to be interested in ResumeRabbit's services. We may directly email these prospective customers or may use a 3rd party email marketing company to send these prospective customers an invitation to visit our website.
To better target and analyze our marketing efforts we may also keep database information and logs related to these prospective customers for internal use only. This information may include: a recipients first name, last name, email address, residential information, the source of the email list they're on, the date we acquired the list they're on, the date(s) we sent that prospective customer an email, the content of the email message we sent, and the date the prospective customer may have requested to be removed from our list.
In the email itself we may include a special website address that would allow us to know which of the people we emailed actually visited our site. We would use this information for purposes such as: automatically removing web site visitors from our solicitation list, sending web site visitors a different email message than non visitors and to perform internal statistical analysis to fine tune our marketing methods.
Remarketing
As you browse our site, advertising cookies will be placed on your computer so that we can understand what portions of our site you have visited. Our display advertising partners then enable us to present you with retargeting advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with us. The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address or telephone number.
How to Opt-Out from Email Marketing Communications
To Opt-Out or Unsubscribe from any future marketing related email send directly from ResumeRabbit, click the unsubscribe link that can be found at the bottom of the email you received.
Children's Use of Our Web Site
Our web site is not targeted to nor is it particularly interesting or useful to children. Nevertheless our web site does not contain any mature or other content, which would be considered objectionable to a parent whose child may arbitrarily find our web site. Moreover, there's nothing inherent in our services or advertising that would likely attract children.
Our services are targeted and advertised specifically to adults who are looking to further their career. In order to use our web site a customer must have given a reasonable amount of thought to their career objectives and must be prepared to answer detailed questions about career requirements and background. Additionally they must have a credit card or checking account.
Regional Information
Europe: As of May 20, 2019 Talent Inc is operating in accordance with the EU’s General Data Privacy Regulations (GDPR).
California: As of December 20, 2019 Talent Inc is operating in accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act. For additional information, please refer to our CCPA page.
Contact Us
We invite your comments and assistance in helping us maintain our commitment to your privacy. If you feel that ResumeRabbit, its affiliates, or any of their representatives or employees is violating this Privacy Statement, or you feel we can be handling private information more responsibly, please contact us online or at:
ResumeRabbit
c/o Talent Worldwide Inc.
149 E 23rd St.
Suite 1709
New York, NY 10010
Phone: 1-800-385-4583
Email: privacy@resumerabbit.com