https://www.perfectpartiesusa.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Get Inspired
Contact Us
Inflatables & Games
Slides, Mechanical Bulls, Obstacle Courses & MoreInflatables
Corporate Olympics, Ice Breakers, Scavenger HuntsCarnival & Picnic Games
Corporate Olympics, Ice Breakers, Scavenger HuntsArcade & Billiards
Air Hockey, Cocktail Tables, Black Jack Tables,
Foosball & MoreGlow Games
Simulators, Game Towers, Immersitron & MoreVirtual Reality & High Tech
Christmas & Halloween Rentals Start Here!Seasonal Rentals
Your Brand, Our Game, Your WayBranded Games
Experiences
Performers & Shows
Cirque Acts, Living Statues, Strolling TalentVariety Performers & Shows
The Set, The Host, The Game, The ShowGame Shows
More Than Music… The Whole PackageDJ’s
Photo Ops
Casino
Fun Foods
Novelties
And Even More
Always Updated. Check it Out!Whats New
Corporate Olympics, Ice Breakers, Scavenger HuntsTeam Building
But Wait… There’s More!Event Extras
Ideas & Games for your PartyThemed Games
Contact Us: info@perfectpartiesusa.com
Call Today: 1-800-275-0185
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Perfect Parties USA website. On some pages, you can enter your information in order to receive materials or other information. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Email address
Company Name
Phone Number
Comments
Location
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when determining who to send the requested and relevant information to. We do not share this information with outside parties.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive our eNewsletter as well as updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact us.
Don’t Miss a Thing!
SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER
Keep up with what’s new and what’s hot at Perfect Parties!
Subscribe
Contact Us
What's Hot