http://www.customaccounting.com.au/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
You Now
Why Choose Us
The CA Difference
Team Members
Services
Testimonials
News
Contact
Client Profiling
Free Consultation
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Custom Accounting Pty Ltd, ABN 44 103 707 044 is an Australian Accounting and Financial Services company, with key strengths in Corporate Accounting, Personal Wealth Creation and Business Consulting. Our privacy policy is central to our focus as a company that strives to provide ethical financial solutions.
Custom Accounting respects & upholds the online privacy rights of Internet users & our clients. It is our responsibility to inform you of Custom Accounting standards regarding privacy, and to provide you with other resources for information on this important issue.
As a registered company, we use the interactive capabilities of the Internet to build strong and mutually beneficial relationships with clients, users & strategic partners. In the following document, we will outline:
Custom Accounting’s business role
How we maintain the anonymity of Internet users in our business practices, and the confidentiality of client information
Our e-mail marketing policies
Information about strategic partnerships we have with third-parties
Who to contact if you have enquiries regarding our approach to privacy
Other important privacy issues
Custom Accounting’s mission as an accounting and financial services company is to partner with our clients to create reliable and efficient financial management, planning and reporting solutions. Our clients may have proprietary policies regarding data collection for which we are not responsible. Any page to which this web site is linked not hosted within the www.customaccounting.com.au domain does not come under our privacy approach. We reserve the right to change our privacy policies from time to time as circumstances warrant. We will make available our most current policy on this site, so if you have questions or concerns about our policy please refer to the latest edition.
Privacy is an important issue for Custom Accounting. Clients of Custom Accounting are assured of confidentiality, any mention or feature of our clients on this web site is done only on the express permission of the client.
Custom Accounting accords with the Privacy Act (1988) and the National Privacy Principles of Australia.
The Privacy Amendment (Private Sector) Act, 2000 sets out a number of National Privacy Principles (NPPs). Our aim is to both support and ensure that we comply with these principles. Further information on privacy in Australia may be obtained by visiting the website of the Office of the Federal Privacy Commissioner at http://www.privacy.gov.au.
As a financial services organisation we are subject to certain legislative and regulatory requirements which necessitate us to obtain personal information about you, including s945A of the Corporations Act.
We collect information about you for the purpose of reporting to AUSTRAC under the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Act 2006.
What information we collect and why
We collect no personal information from you when you visit the Custom Accounting web site unless you choose to provide it to us. We do collect aggregate statistics regarding the numbers of visitors to the web site, but no information is personally identifiable. We may collect and store the following information about your visit:
The internet domain from which you have visited
The type of browser and operating system used to visit the web site
The date and time of your visit
The pages you visit
The link you followed in order to visit our web site
The sole reason for the collection of this data is to assess the effectiveness of the Custom Accounting web site so that we can continue to improve our service to our customers.
Email Privacy
Custom Accounting does not engage in unsolicited mass email practice (Spamming).
Custom Accounting does utilise email communications with clients for speed, efficiency and for the cost benefit of the client.
Custom Accounting does offer clients the opportunity to receive relevant company news and information via email, at the client’s sole option.
Custom Accounting does not on sell email addresses, or provide email addresses to third parties without the recipient’s express consent.
Information collected via online surveys
Custom Accounting will occasionally run online surveys and campaigns on its web site for the privilege of users and clients. The purposes for these surveys will be expressed in the particular terms and conditions for that survey, unless the survey is for internal purposes (such as customer service improvement), in which case those surveys also fall under the tenet of this privacy policy.
Personal Information we collect in the course of our business activities
In the course of our business activities we collect and hold personal information about you. Your personal information is collected for the purpose of providing you with the service(s) you have requested. We collect personal information about you, directly from you and not from a third party, except in circumstances where you have provided your consent. You have the right to refuse us authorisation to collect information from a third party. The personal information you provide to us will be retained only as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which the information was collected or as required by law.
We will endeavour to ensure that the personal information about you which we hold is up to date and accurate. In the event that you become aware that the information is inaccurate, incomplete or outdated, you may inform us. We will take all reasonable steps to correct the information.
If you provide inaccurate or incomplete information we may not be able to provide you with the products or services, you are seeking.
We keep your personal information in your client file. These files are accessible to authorised personnel only and are appropriately secured out of hours.
Your personal information may also be held on our computer database. All computer based information is protected through the use of access passwords. Data is backed up regularly and stored securely off site. Other measures taken are:
Confidentiality requirements for our employees
Security measures for systems access
Providing a discreet environment for confidential discussions
We may disclose your personal information to organisations outside NSW. The organisations to which we disclose information may include:
Superannuation fund trustees, insurance providers, fund managers and other product providers in order to manage or administer your product or service;
Compliance consultants to ensure that our representatives are meeting our compliance standards;
Paraplanning contractors or temporary staff to handle workloads during peak periods;
Mailing houses;
Your professional advisers, including your solicitor or accountant as authorised by you;
Information technology service providers to maintain, review and develop our business systems, procedures and infrastructure including testing or upgrading our computer systems;
Government and regulatory authorities and other organisations, as required or authorised by law, for example, to government or regulatory bodies for the purposes related to public health or safety, the prevention or detection of unlawful activities or to protect public revenue;
Another representative of Custom Accounting Pty Ltd if necessary;
A potential purchaser/organisation involved in the proposed sale of our business for the purpose of due diligence, corporate re-organisation and transfer or all or part of the assets of our business;
Product planning and development advisers;
Where you have given your consent including your legal advisers;
A new owner of our business that will require the transfer of your personal information.
Note: These organisations will be required to maintain confidentiality.
In the event of that we propose to sell the business, we may disclose your personal information to potential purchases for the purpose of them conducting due diligence investigations. Disclosure will be made in confidence and it will be a condition of that disclosure that no personal information will be used or disclosed by them.
Custom Accounting Pty Ltd takes its obligations to protect your information seriously, this includes when we operate throughout Australia and overseas, as part of our operations some users and disclosures of your information may occur outside your State or Territory and/or outside of Australia. In some circumstances we may need to obtain your consent before this occurs.
Without your consent we will not collect information about you that reveals your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs or afflations, membership of professional or trade association, membership of a trade union, details of health, disability, sexual orientation, or criminal record.
This is subject to some exceptions including: the collection is required by law; and when the information is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of a legal claim. Personal information will be treated as confidential information and sensitive information will be treated highly confidential.
Although in certain circumstances we are required to collect government identifiers such as your tax file number, Medicare number or pension card number, we do not use or disclose this information other than when required or authorised by law or unless you have voluntarily consented to disclose this information to any third party.
You can deal with us anonymously where it is lawful and practicable to do so. For example, if you telephone requesting our postal address.
We may store your information in cloud or other types of networked or electronic systems. As electronic or networked systems can be accessed from various countries via an internet connection, it’s not always practicable to know in which country your information may be held.
Access to your personal information
You can request us to provide you with access to personal information we hold about you, and your request to access your personal information will be dealt with in a reasonable time in accordance with the Privacy Act. We may allow personal inspection of your records, or we may provide copies or summaries of relevant documentation as appropriate. Should we refuse you access to your personal information, we will provide you with a written explanation for that refusal.
Some exceptions exist where we will not provide you with access to your personal information if:
Providing access would pose a serious threat to the life or health of a person;
Providing access would have an unreasonable impact on the privacy of others;
The request for access is frivolous or vexatious;
The information is related to existing or anticipated legal proceedings between us and would not be discoverable in those proceedings;
Providing access would reveal our intentions in relation to negotiations with you in such a way as to prejudice those negotiations;
Providing access would be unlawful;
Denying access is required or authorised by or under law;
Providing access would be likely to prejudice certain operations by or on behalf of an enforcement body or an enforcement body requests that access not be provided on the grounds of national security.
If charges are applicable in providing access to you, we will disclose these charges to you prior to providing you with the information.
Third Parties
We will neither voluntarily disclose nor sell any information we gather from our website to third parties. However, in the following limited circumstances, your personal information may be released to third parties: (i) we are required by law to release the information due to a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order; or (ii) in the very rare instance that we believe there is a physical threat to you or others.
Removing your contact details from the Custom Accounting database
If you have submitted information to us via our “Contact Us” web page (e.g. you requested literature or information directly from us) and would like your name to be removed from our database or distribution lists you have the following options:
You can send an e-mail to our Administrator, admin@customaccounting.com.au – with “Remove contact details” in the subject heading.
You can send communication to the following address:
Custom Accounting Pty Ltd.
PO Box 509
Cootamundra
NSW 2590
Australia
Or call us on +61 2 6942 7466.
Updating your information
If you have opted to receive additional information from Custom Accounting via our website and your contact information has since changed, you may manage your new contact information online using our service or simply email admin@customaccounting.com.au to update your contact profile.
How do you make a complaint?
Should you be of the opinion that the service you receive is not at an acceptable level, you have the right to complain and this complaint will be dealt with as promptly as possible. CA will aim to resolve any complaint quickly and fairly.
We are dedicated to providing quality service and meeting the changing needs of clients through commitment, flexibility and personal integrity. CA maintains the highest standard of professional skill and utilises a broad spectrum of knowledge and experience to assist clients achieve their personal or business objectives in a structured and timely manner.
You should enclose as much detail as possible about your complaint including the names of any employee of CA involved. In addition, any relevant background documentation should be provided. Your complaint will be acknowledged upon receipt and, following a thorough investigation, a written response will be forwarded to you.
We will try to resolve your complaint quickly and fairly but if you do not get a satisfactory outcome after 45 days of first communicating your complaint, you have the right to take your complaint in writing to:
Australian Financial Complaints Authority (AFCA):
Online: www.afca.org.au
Email: info@afca.org.au
Phone: 1800 931 678 (free call)
Mail: Australian Financial Complaints Authority
GPO Box 3, Melbourne VIC 3001
The Privacy Regulator can be contacted directed via: www.oaic.gov.au
Request a Consultation
Get In Touch