http://www.patelco.org/site-terms
Close
The San Mateo branch is temporarily closed
Please use our branch locator to find the nearest location
Site Terms and Conditions
Site Terms and Conditions
Introduction
When you became a member of Patelco Credit Union, you agreed to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Member Handbook. These Terms and Conditions (“Terms”) supplement the Member Handbook with regard to the particular details of using our products and services online or on a mobile device. BY USING OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ONLINE OR VIA A MOBILE DEVICE, YOU ALSO AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT (the “Terms”). The definitions of names or words used here are the same as in the Handbook. If there is an inconsistency between a description in these Terms and the Handbook, the wording in the Handbook will govern.
Use of Content
The information and materials contained in the pages of Patelco's web and mobile sites (the "Online Sites"), and the terms, conditions, and descriptions that appear on those sites are subject to change at any time without notice. Not all products and services are available in all geographic areas. Your eligibility for particular products and services is subject to final Patelco Credit Union determination and acceptance.
Copyright
Information and materials of Patelco Credit Union included in its Online Sites are protected by the copyright laws of the United States and international treaties. The design, text, and graphics of the Online Sites, and the arrangement thereof, are copyright by Patelco Credit Union. Any use of the information and materials included in our Online Sites without the prior written permission of Patelco is prohibited, unless otherwise indicated.
Disclaimer of Warranty
The information, materials, and functions contained in our Online Sites, including text, graphics, links, or other items are provided on an "as is" basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or freedom from computer virus(es). Patelco does not warrant the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of the information and materials included in our Online Sites or in third party sites linked to or from our Online Sites or that the functions provided will be uninterrupted or error-free.
Patelco expressly disclaims any liability for any errors in or omissions from information, materials and functions included in our Online Sites or any third-party sites linked to or from our Online Sites. Our online and mobile service will generally be available to you 24 hours per day, every day of the year except during periods of scheduled or unscheduled maintenance.
Timeliness of Postings
Amounts shown on the Online Sites as share account balances are provisional and subject to reversal if recent deposits are not collected from the institution upon which a deposited item is drawn, and in certain instances, recent transactions may not be reflected. Deposited and withdrawn amounts are also processed in batches at day's end, which may affect the order in which transactions appear on the Online Sites. Loan balances shown on the Online Sites may not reflect all recent activity. You are encouraged to keep track of your transactions and balances apart from what is reflected on the Online Sites.
Disclaimer of Liability
In no event will Patelco be liable for any direct or indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages, or lost profits arising in connection with use of our Online Sites, any interruption in availability of our Online Sites, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, loss of data, or otherwise, even if Patelco has been advised of the possibility of such damages or loss.
You are responsible for obtaining and maintaining all hardware and software required to access the Online Sites, with the exception of applications you download from us in order to use our services (e.g. our Mobile App). Patelco will not be liable for any direct or indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages arising from the use of any hardware or software not obtained directly from Patelco.
Your Online and Mobile Services Responsibilities
You agree to keep current any information about you, your computer, and your mobile device that you have given us in order to use our Online Sites.
You agree to take every precaution to ensure the safety, security and integrity of your account and transactions when using our Online Sites. You agree to exercise commercially reasonable precautions to protect your computer or mobile device from viruses, malware and other malicious applications by maintaining a current anti-virus and anti-malware service. You agree to exercise safeguards to protect your security login information, including without limitation, user name(s), password(s), and answers to security questions. You agree not to store non-public personal information, account, or personal data that might compromise the security of your financial relationship with us on your computer or mobile device.
You agree to notify us immediately if you lose, change or cancel the number of your registered mobile device. You agree to notify us immediately if you believe that your online or mobile accounts or device has been accessed in an unauthorized manner. In the event of compromise of your device, you agree to cancel the mobile service associated with the device immediately. You agree you will be responsible for all transactions and account activity conducted on your computer or mobile device by anyone you have authorized to do so.
Submissions
Information submitted to Patelco through its Online Sites will become and remain the property of Patelco Credit Union. Patelco will be free to use, for any purpose, any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in information provided to Patelco through its Online Sites.
Patelco will collect Online Site usage data to more efficiently offer our members appropriate financial products and services.
Patelco will not be subject to any obligations of confidentiality regarding submitted information except as agreed to by Patelco entity having a direct customer relationship or as otherwise specifically agreed to or required by law. Please see Patelco's privacy policies for our safeguards of our member information.
Communications
You may communicate directly with Patelco through our Online Sites, subject to the following conditions:
You may not upload any information or material that violates any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights of any person or entity.
You must not include any obscene, libelous, or defamatory content in your communications.
You hereby indemnify and hold Patelco harmless from any and all damages, losses, and liabilities arising from your communications with us through our Online Sites, except as stated in these Terms.
Online Banking Generally
If you have a personal computer with internet access and we approve your application for computer access to your accounts using Online Banking, you can use Online Banking to:
Obtain account information related to any of your Patelco share or loan accounts, including current balances, checking account history, share dividends and rates, loan interest and balances, and payroll and automatic deductions,
Transfer funds between accounts if you have authorized the transfers in writing,
Withdraw funds from savings or checking accounts or obtain loan advances in the form of a check payable to you and mailed to you at your address in our records,
Transfer money to make Patelco loan payments (except on mortgage loans) from any savings or checking account of yours,
Make bill payments to merchants,
Download account and loan statements,
Obtain and submit loan applications,
Receive credit decisions,
Obtain disclosures for your accounts and loans,
Sign loan documents and authorize us to disburse loan proceeds to you or any payee you designate (not available on real estate-secured loans),
Establish new share accounts (subject to deposit or transfer of required funds, the joint owner combination will be the same as that on the Member's Tiered Savings account),
Order new or replacement debit, ATM, and credit cards,
Place stop payment requests,
Order and reorder checks,
View cleared check images,
Receive special alerts and announcements,
Update your profile,
Activate your debit or ATM card, and/or
Elect to receive email notices and retrieve all periodic statements on your accounts and loans electronically, instead of having paper statements mailed to you.
The services listed in this paragraph are available through Online Banking, but are not considered "electronic funds transfers."
Alerts
Account Alerts can be sent to you by email or by text message to your mobile device. If you access Online Banking through the internet (and not through personal financial management software) you can set up Alerts regarding activity on your deposit and credit accounts (but not with respect to your investment accounts). You are responsible to input accurate information to set up the Alerts. Alerts do not replace standard communications you receive from us concerning your accounts. We are not responsible for any losses, damages or expenses that may occur connected to the failure of an Alerts. Messages available include:
Your balance has fallen below a level of your choosing
A deposit has been made to any of your accounts
A loan payment that you have set up is coming due
Someone (including you) has logged into your Online Banking account (email only)
You have insufficient funds to cover a transaction
Overdraft Protection has been used to cover a charge or payment
Summary of account activity (daily or weekly, email only)
Any time your credit or debit card is used for a signature-based transaction
Maturing certificate
Bill Pay
To use our Bill Pay service, you must qualify for and open a Patelco checking account and you must first sign up for Online Banking.
Bill Pay draws funds from the account you designate and any Overdraft Protection you have established for that account. With Bill Pay, you request bill payment transfers to creditors that we have designated in the user instructions, plus the creditors that you authorize. We cannot process bill payment requests without complete information. We will withdraw the designated funds for bill payment by 9AM on the date you select for payment. We will process the payment within one (1) business day of the date you select for payment. You must allow sufficient time for vendors to process your payment after they receive the transfer from us. Please allow as much time as you would if you were sending your payment by mail.
We cannot guarantee that any payment will be credited to your account by the vendor. You must take up any disputes on this subject directly with the vendor, unless we failed to follow your instructions in a reasonable manner. You can stop Bill Pay payments that have not yet occurred by deleting the payment from Bill Pay. If the payment has already been withdrawn and you notify us immediately by calling 800.358.8228, we may be able to stop the payment if we have not yet sent it to the payee. Once we have sent your payment, you must handle any problems, disputes or questions directly with the payee.
By providing the Bill Pay service with names and account information of billers to whom you wish to direct payments, you authorize us to follow the payment instructions received through the Bill Pay service. In order to process payments more efficiently and effectively, we may edit or alter payment data formats in accordance with directives received directly from the biller.
These Terms do not alter your liability or obligations that currently exist between you and your billers.
When we receive a payment instruction, you authorize us to debit your payment account and remit funds on your behalf so that the funds arrive as close as reasonably possible to your designated scheduled payment date. You also authorize us to credit your payment account for payments returned to us by the biller, or with payments remitted to you on behalf of another authorized user of the Bill Pay service (e.g. refunds).
Bill Pay Guarantee
If we fail to execute your online Bill Pay payment instructions, we will ensure that all resulting late fees and finance charges are removed by the payee, or we will reimburse you for those charges if the payee is unable or unwilling to remove these charges from the account.
The Bill Pay Guarantee only applies to late fees and finance charges. The Guarantee does not cover losses incurred due to missed transactions or opportunities.
The Bill Pay Guarantee has certain limitations, which are listed below. To make a claim for charges you incurred due to our error, send us a secure email to find out how to submit a statement showing the incurred charges.
Terms and Conditions
The Payment Guarantee applies to late fees and/or finance charges associated with the late posting of a payment, provided that the following conditions are met:
The payment was scheduled for processing at least five (5) business days for electronic payments, or nine (9) business days for check payments prior to the due date, excluding any grace periods. A business day is defined as Monday through Friday, excluding Federal banking holidays. For example, even if a mortgage payment has a 15-day grace period, the payment should be sent on or before the due date.
We cannot reverse late charges for Exception Payees. These are the following:
a. The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and other tax entities
b. Any state or other government agency
c. Courts, including for court-ordered payments like alimony, speeding tickets, or child support
d. Insurance companies
e. Collection agencies
f. Payees located in Armed Forces postal codes such as AE and AP
g. Payees being paid for a securities transaction
h. Payees receiving a payment to pay off "special financing" transactions
The payment was not applied correctly due to the payee's error, i.e., Patelco sent the payment using information you gave us, and that information was correct (as it appears on the payee's records).
Scheduling payments either five (5) or nine (9) days in advance of a due date is required because of the steps a payment makes.
Electronic payments may take up to three (3) business days to arrive at your payee. After arrival, payees typically credit your account within two (2) business days.
Check payments may take up to five (5) business days to arrive at your payee. After arrival, payees typically apply your check to your account within three to four (3 to 4) business days.
Patelco will take responsibility for the transaction and will pay late fees for the following:
Lost, cannot determine reason
Not sent to payee as scheduled
Sent to wrong location
U.S. Mail delay
Posting delay by payee
The member is responsible for these transaction errors and the charges that result:
Scheduled incorrect number of days before due date
Scheduled incorrectly
Incorrect account information supplied by member
Bill Pay Overdraft Protection
Bill Pay debits that overdraw your checking account can be covered by Overdraft Protection if you have such protection on your checking account. If you do not have an available Overdraft Protection plan, or if your overdraft sources do not have sufficient balances to cover a scheduled Bill Pay debit, we may pay your bill from our funds, overdraw your checking account, and charge you an overdraft fee.
Limitations on Online Banking (including Bill Pay and Mobile Banking)
All transactions are limited to available funds in your accounts plus any Overdraft Protection plan you may have available on checking accounts. Online Banking transfers and Bill Pay payments out of your non-transaction accounts are limited to six per month.
You may not make payments to creditors located outside of the United States or its territories; nor may you make payments in any currency other than U.S. Dollars through the Bill Pay service.
Bill Pay is a service for members to pay their own bills. Patelco accounts are for the personal use of members (same name as membership). Paying bills for other parties is a prohibited business activity, and is grounds for account termination.
Mobile Banking
Mobile Banking service requires prior enrollment in Online Banking, a mobile device with internet access, and a special software application downloaded to that device. With Mobile Banking you can:
Transfer funds between your checking, savings and credit line accounts,
Find out if checks have cleared,
Verify account balances (except for IRA and HSA accounts and certificates) and
Pay bills using Bill Pay, plus more.
We may limit the types and number of accounts eligible for Mobile Banking. Mobile Banking may not be supported for all devices/models or for all carriers at all times. We cannot guarantee the availability of underlying data services provided by your mobile carrier. We are not responsible for carrier data outages or "out of range" issues.
You may not add new Billers nor make expedited payments through Mobile Banking.
You agree that at any time and without prior notice we may suspend access to your Mobile Banking if we suspect fraudulent activity or misuse of your mobile device or of the Mobile Banking functionality.
License Grant
As part of Mobile Banking, we will provide guide(s), FAQs and other information about the services (Documentation), as well as Licensed Software (collectively, “Documentation and Licensed Software”). When you download the application and use the service, you are granted a non-exclusive, nontransferable, limited and revocable right to use the Documentation and Licensed Software solely as contemplated by these Terms and which shall at all times remain the sole and exclusive property of the credit union and member shall have no right, title or interest therein except as expressly provided in these Terms. We reserve the right to protect our rights, title and interest in and to the Documentation and Licensed Software by enforcing our rights against you directly if necessary. This license shall terminate when your membership is terminated, when your permission to use the Licensed Software is terminated, or when these Terms are contravened.
You agree to not reverse, decompile or reverse engineer the Licensed Software.
"Anywhere Deposit" Mobile and Desktop Check Deposit Service
Anywhere Deposit allows you to use software provided by us to create electronic images of paper checks ("Items") as described in the user materials (FAQs) and other guidelines we may communicate from time to time. Our Anywhere Deposit service allows you, our member, to transmit electronic images to us for deposit to your account(s) with us. After we receive your electronic image(s), we, at our sole option, use the electronic image(s) to either (a) create substitute check(s), that we present to the financial institution (paying bank) on which the paper Item is either: (1) drawn or (2) payable at or through (each, "paying bank"); or (b) to generate one or more electronic images (from the original images) for presentment directly or indirectly to the paying bank.
Service Limitations
You must be a member in good standing and have sufficient credit to be eligible for this service. We can change the credit criteria we use to qualify members for this service at any time without notice. Regardless of eligibility, there are limits on how much money can be deposited using Anywhere Deposit. The initial limit after signing up for the service is $5,000 per day or $20,000 over a rolling 30 day period. We may increase this limit at our discretion.
Conditions to Provision of the Service
As conditions to our providing the Anywhere Deposit service, you agree that you will: (a) maintain your accounts with us in good standing; (b) meet credit and other standards established by us from time to time and provide financial information as requested by us from time to time; and (c) comply with the guidelines and restrictions regarding the electronic images as we may communicate to you from time to time. You also agree that, absent our written consent, you will not deposit to any personal account any Item that is made payable to any business, and will only deposit Items in your savings or checking accounts that are made payable in the name(s) in which your account is titled.
You can use either a desktop scanner and transmit images of the checks to be deposited using your computer, or you can use a smart mobile device to photograph and transmit the check image to us using the service software.
License Grant
As part of the Anywhere Deposit service, we will provide guide(s), FAQs and other information about the services ("Documentation"), and Licensed Software. When you download the application and use the service, you are granted a non-exclusive, nontransferable, limited and revocable right to use the Documentation and Licensed Software solely as contemplated by these Terms and which shall at all times remain the sole and exclusive property of the credit union, and member shall have no right, title or interest therein except as expressly provided in these Terms. We reserve the right to protect our rights, title and interest in and to the Documentation and Licensed Software by enforcing our rights against you directly if necessary. This license shall terminate when your membership is terminated, when your permission to use the Licensed Software is terminated, or when these Terms are contravened.
We supply the Licensed Software directly to you for use with a desktop scanner. You download the application for mobile devices from either the App Store (for Apple devices) or the Play Store (for Android devices). You agree to not reverse, decompile or reverse engineer the Licensed Software.
Disposition of Imaged Items (Checks)
You agree that all Items belong to you and not to us and that those Items shall be handled in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and any user materials. After receipt by us of any transmission by you to us of imaged Items for deposit to your savings or checking account, we will acknowledge by electronic means receipt of your transmission. Your electronic transmission is subject to proof and verification. YOU AGREE TO RETAIN THE ORIGINALS OF ALL IMAGED ITEMS AFTER VALIDATION OF DEPOSIT FOR NOT LESS THAN FOURTEEN (14) DAYS or for such time as is required by and in accordance with applicable law, statute, or regulation. We recommend you retain the transmitted check for ninety (90) days, after which you may destroy it. You agree to safeguard the originals of such imaged Items until such time as they have been destroyed.
Responsibility for Multiple Deposits of the Same Item
You agree not to deposit any Item more than once via electronic or other means, either with us or with any other financial institution, whether intentionally or unintentionally, whether as a result of fraud for any other reason whatsoever. You agree that the aggregate amount of any Items which are deposited more than once will be debited from your savings or checking deposit account, and to the extent funds in your account are insufficient to cover such amount, any balance shall be debited by us from any of your other Patelco account in which you have an interest, deposit accounts as determined by us in our sole discretion, subject only to applicable law and regulation. You further acknowledge that you, and not we, are responsible for the processing and handling of any original Items which are imaged and deposited utilizing our electronic imaging services, and you assume all liability to the person who wrote the check of any Item imaged using the services or liability arising from our printing of any substitute check from those images.
Adjustments
You agree that in the event that an electronically captured Item is captured for an incorrect amount, we may make a credit or debit adjustment to your account in order to correct the error.
Processing Your Electronic Imaged Items
If you transmit your Item to us before the cut-off time we separately disclose to you on any day that is a banking day and within our normal business hours, we will review and, if appropriate, process your Item on that banking day. If you transmit your Item to us after the cut-off time (typically 3pm PT) on any banking day, we will review and, if appropriate, may process your electronic image(s) on the next banking day.
Exception Items
When we review and process your electronic imaged Item(s), we may reject any electronic image that we, in our sole discretion, determine to be ineligible, including, without limitation:
Electronic images of any Item not payable to you
Electronic images of Items drawn on financial institutions located outside the United States
Items drawn on U.S. accounts in foreign currency
Electronic images that are illegible (due to poor image quality or otherwise)
Electronic images of Items previously processed
Electronic images previously converted to substitute checks
Electronic images with unreadable MICR information
Electronic images of checks that are stale dated (older than 6 months) or postdated
U. S. Savings Bonds
Cashier's checks
U.S. Postal Money Orders
Traveler's checks
Each banking day on which we review and process your Items, we will notify you of all exception Items. You agree that if you wish to attempt to deposit any exception Item to any of your accounts with us, you will only do so by depositing the original paper Item on which the exception Item is based. You acknowledge and agree that even if we do not initially identify an electronic image as an exception Item may nevertheless be returned to us because, among other reasons, the electronic image is deemed illegible by paying institution. Our failure to identify an exception Item shall not preclude or limit the obligation of you to us. In the event an electronic image is an exception Item because it is illegible or otherwise unusable by us, you must either provide a usable original or copy or, if the original or copy is unusable, obtain a usable document from the maker and submit that usable document to us. Failure to provide a usable version will result in the exception Item being debited from your account.
If the Anywhere Deposit system will not accept a check, either due to a problem with the check or with the system, your alternative is to bring the check to one of our branches.
Availability of Items; Rules Governing Items
We reserve the right to delay availability of funds deposited by Anywhere Deposit until final collection from the paying financial institution. We may, as a courtesy, make funds available for withdrawal sooner.
You can call us at 800.358.8228 to find out if we have received an Anywhere Deposit transmittal or if we have received final payment of the check.
If a deduction of a credit on an Anywhere Deposit on which we do not receive final settlement results in a negative balance in your account, you will be indebted to us, and our Right of Offset and right to recover Collection Costs will apply. You may be subject to a returned deposit fee.
Checks deposited using Anywhere Deposit are governed by applicable law and the rules of NACHA and non-NACHA clearing houses and associations. Please also see the Electronic Funds Transfers section of the Member Handbook.
Questions about Errors
If you think that a check deposited using Anywhere Deposit shown on your statement is wrong, or if you need more information about the deposit, call us at 800.358.8228 or write to us at Patelco Credit Union, Attn EFT Card Services, PO Box 2227, Merced, CA 95344-0227. Please tell us (a) your name, (b) your account number, (c) the date of the questioned transaction, (d) the amount of the questioned transaction, (e) the type of the questioned transaction and (f) why you believe there is an error. We must hear from you no later than sixty (60) days after we sent you the first statement on which the error or problem appeared or we will not be responsible for the error.
Online Statements
Transaction and balance information provided via the online or mobile service will not replace any statements you currently receive from us. Unless you agree to accept Online Statements, you will continue to receive the same periodic statements for your accounts as you are already receiving. Your periodic statements will reflect all your online and mobile transactions, each of which will be given a reference number that will appear on your online account summary and will state the amount of each transaction, the type of transaction, the Account charged or credited and the full or abbreviated name of the payee if a payment is involved.
We offer Online Statements for certain of your accounts, allowing you to replace your paper mailed statement with a PDF electronic version that you can view, save to your computer or print at your convenience. YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE ONLINE STATEMENT SERVICE CONSTITUTES YOUR REQUEST FOR AND AGREEMENT TO ACCEPT ELECTRONICALLY ANY CHANGES IN TERMS OR OTHER LEGAL NOTICES REGARDING YOUR ACCOUNTS, AND ANY ADVERTISEMENTS OR 11 OTHER INFORMATION THAT WOULD NORMALLY BE INCLUDED IN YOUR PAPER STATEMENT.
Upon enrollment in the Online Statements service, we will send you an email notice each statement cycle advising you that your Online Statement is ready for you to view online.
It is your responsibility to maintain a current and valid email address on record in the online service. Unless otherwise prohibited by law, rule or regulation, if your email is rejected as undeliverable three (3) times, we may discontinue the Online Statement service and reinstate mailing paper statements.
We will store up to five (5) years of your Online Statements in our secure system so you can access them.
Online Transfer Services
You can transfer funds between accounts at Patelco or between Patelco and other financial institutions. Here are the services for transfers:
Between your Patelco accounts
Using our Regular Transfers option, you can move money between your Patelco accounts (like checking and savings) or from an account to a credit card or loan account, which acts as a payment.
To another Patelco member
Using our Member-to-Member Transfers option, you can move money between your Patelco savings, checking or money market to the deposit accounts of another member.
Between your Patelco accounts and an account at another financial institution
Using our MoneyLink-24 option, you can move money between your Patelco savings, checking or money market deposit accounts and accounts in which you are the primary account holder, at other banks or credit unions.
From your Patelco accounts to your recipient internationally
Using the services of our partner, Xoom, you can send money to your friends and family all over the world: in the Philippines, China, India, Europe, South Korea, Australia, and many more countries.
Directly to or from individuals
Using Zelle®, you can quickly send or request money from family and friends.
Please note that no form of overdraft protection is available for Online Banking account transfers (for example, transfers from checking to regular share savings or transfers from checking to pay loans you have with Patelco Credit Union); instead an overdrawing Online Banking transfer (including any Mobile Banking attempt) will be declined at no charge.
Online Guarantee
When you use Online or Mobile Banking, we guarantee that you will be covered 100% for any unauthorized removal of funds from your account(s) while we are handling your transactions. This includes funds removed from your accounts as a result of either (1) online theft of your account details and/or password, or (2) unauthorized online removal of funds from your accounts. This guarantee is void if you fail to exercise reasonable care in maintaining the security of your account details and/or online access devices.
You are responsible for keeping your online user names, passwords, account number(s), personal identification information, and any other account data confidential.
If you fail to exercise reasonable care, your potential liability for unauthorized electronic device access to your Patelco accounts is that set forth in your Member Handbook.
Patelco is responsible for following your written or electronic instructions. We will not be liable for input errors.
To report lost or stolen information or suspected fraudulent activity, please contact us immediately via phone at 800.358.8228, or send us a secure message.
Jurisdiction
Patelco Credit Union operates and controls its Online Sites from its offices in the State of California, United States of America. Patelco makes no representation that any information, materials or functions included in its Online Sites are appropriate for use in any other jurisdiction. Choosing to access Patelco’s Online Sites from other locations is on your own initiative and you are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws and regulations.
Governing Law
Your access to and use of Patelco’s Online Sites and these terms are governed by and will be construed in accordance with the law of the State of California without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. In the event any provision of these terms is held unenforceable, it will not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions and will be replaced by an enforceable provision that comes closest to the intention underlying the unenforceable provision.
Patelco Credit Union’s Privacy Policies
In the information age, Patelco’s commitment to protect your information and your privacy extends to your Online Banking use. While our privacy policies are the same whether you are online or not, we have extra measures in place to protect your privacy when you bank online with Patelco.
To read our privacy policy, update your privacy choices, or learn about your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), please visit our privacy page.