http://www.sgatech.co.uk/privacy
Search:
Submit
Specialists in Hermetics and Plating
Toggle navigation
Home
Glass to Metal Seals
Glass to Metal Seals
Hermetic Seals
Technical Capabilities
Basics
Get a Quotation
Packages
Packages
Package Services
Hermetic Packages
Get a Quotation
Plating
Plating
Processes
Specialist Plating
Laboratory Services
Quality control
About Us
About Us
Facilities and Services
Certifications
Terms and Conditions of Sale and Service
Applications
Jobs
News
Contact
« return
SGA Technologies
privacy policy
This privacy policy sets out how we use and protect any information that you supply when you use this website.
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information, by which you can be identified when using this website you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
GDPR
The website and related systems have been reviewed for GDPR and we take these regulations very seriously. We are continuously looking at ways to improve all aspects of our service and should you believe that anything represented on this website contravenes GDPR, please contact us about it immediately.
For further information about GDPR and your rights, please visit the Information Commissioner’s Office website - https://ico.org.uk/.
Consent
All processes attributable to this website, where your data is input, stored or used, should be specific and require your affirmative action to proceed. This is typically confined to enquiry form messages or activity related to placing orders or quotes. By proceeding with these actions, you are giving us consent for the purpose of this process.
If you believe that consent has not been given for an activity that utilises your personal data, please contact us immediately stating your concerns.
Our systems log date and time information for consent e.g. submission of a web form.
As part of our digital marketing strategy including search engine performance, our website uses Google Analytics. This may use IP address information, however, this is not stored in conjunction with personal data.
Individual’s Rights
We aim to store legitimate, relevant and accurate information about our visitors/customers. You have the right to request the following:
Obtain personal data that we have stored
Change personal data if inaccurate
Have your data erased (where it does not infringe on us carrying out contractual obligations e.g. deliver of goods as part of a sale or other overriding regulations e.g. storage of data for accounting purposes).
Removal from a particular process (where it does not infringe on us carrying out contractual obligations e.g. delivery of goods as part of a sale or other overriding regulations e.g. storage of data for accounting purposes).
Please contact us to exercise your rights in any of the above areas. We adhere to a strict 30-day limit for actioning these requests. In extraordinary cases, we may require more time and will follow ICO guidelines and communicate with you accordingly.
Security
This website has a secure certificate (SSL) using 2048bit encryption which means that data entered to and displayed from the website and your device is secured.
No payment method data e.g. card numbers is stored by the website – all such transactions are carried out by a separate payment provider with all relevant security and GDPR credentials.
Sensitive personal data such as passwords are stored in encrypted (hashing algorithms with salt keys) database fields.
General
Cookies
Cookies are basically little parcels of data that are passed from a website to a user's web browser if the user visits certain websites. If a user browses the same website again in the future, the data stored by the cookie is retrieved by the website, typically in order to provide changes to certain page views, displayed content or functionality relevant to the user's previous activity.
Our Cookies
We utilise a session cookie to identify you - this is to assist with redirecting between the mobile and non-mobile versions of this website.
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics in order to collect site traffic and usage information and this data is anonymous. This is done for the purposes of improving your website user experience.
Managing Cookies
Users can disable cookies at any time by using the relevant options in their web browser. This may have a negative impact on the browsing experience of some websites. Refer to your browsers help system to find out how to disable cookies.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to help safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links To Other Websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling Your Personal Information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways.
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us using the email address supplied on the Contact page.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998 (Pre-May 25 2018) or GDPR. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to us using the address displayed on the Contact page.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Related Topics
Company
Accessibility
Terms and Conditions
privacy policy
copyright
Your quality component partner
Hermetic Seals
Single Pin Feedthrough
Multi Pin Feedthrough
Igniter Seals
High Pressure Seals
High Temperature Seals
RF Seals
Custom Seals
Added Value Processes
Filament Holders
Electro Mechanical Assemblies
Plating
Processes
Specialist Plating
Laboratory Services
Quality control
Why choose our Seals
Contact
SGA Technologies
Shire Hill
Saffron Walden
Essex
CB11 3AQ
United Kingdom
general enquiries:
+44 (0) 1799 527 264
enquiries@sgatech.co.uk
plating enquiries:
+44 (0) 1799 513 347
plating@sgatech.co.uk
About Us
Facilities and Services
Certifications
Terms and Conditions of Sale and Service
Applications
Accessibility
Sitemap
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Accessibility
realnet - your online advantage
We use cookies to provide website functionality and to analyse traffic on our website. We (and our service providers) use small text files called cookies and similar technology on your device. These cookies do not reveal your identity, web use or other behaviour. Our Cookie Statement provides more information and explains how to update your cookie settings. View our cookies policy. By clicking 'Accept All Cookies', you agree that this site using cookies. If you do not want cookies to be used, you can click the "Decline All Cookies" button, but it may have an impact on the way you experience our website and others.
Accept All Cookies
Decline All Cookies