http://www.genvolt.co.uk/privacy
More Information
Company Information
Meet the Team
High Voltage Power Supplies
Company Profile
Company History
WEEE Regulations
ISO 9001:2015
Useful Links
Job Vacancies
Privacy Statement | Genvolt
Genvolt is strongly committed to protecting your personal data. This Privacy Statement explains how we will always protect your privacy rights and how we use the information that we collect about you lawfully and in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the Data protection Act 1998.Genvolt is the trading name for General High Voltage Limited and its subsidiaries as follows: Genvolt High Voltage Limited, Registered in England, Company No. 2674232. Registered office: New Road, Highley, Bridgnorth, Shropshire, WV16 6NN.1.    Type of personal information we collect Personal details o     First and last name Location o     Company trade name Industry o      Nature of business Communicationso      Email addresses, phone numbers and Social Media Public domain information o    Information we collect from publicly available resources (for example, Companies House) 2.    When we capture your data When landing on our Website and/or contacting us o    Data from visitors IP on our website Genvolt.co.uk. We use third party service such as Google Analytics for monitoring traffic on our website. (For more information please see our Cookies Policy section)During the communication process
o    Companies or individuals who enquire about our products and services either by email, or telephone callInteracting with us through our Social Media o    Visitors interaction on our main Social Media channels3.    How your data will be used The information we request from you is to ensure we provide you with an excellent service, including regular updates regarding the company’s products and services.Delivering excellent service o    To manage our relationship with your businesso     Informing you about our new products and services o    Listening to your feedback, thoughts and ideas on the services - products provided o    To conduct marketing, Business Development, Statistical and Management research and analysis Because of o    Our legitimate interest toKeep you up to date about our company news, events, new products development and services  o    Our Legal dutyo    The purpose of fulfilling contracts o    Our responsibility to comply with trade and industry that apply to us Data retention The information we collect will enable us to communicate effectively with you when processing your enquiry, contacting us through our website, telephone call and Social media channels. All information is stored for no longer than 12 months on a secure internal server.Our Privacy Policy affords us to retain your data for o    Strengthening our relationship with your business o    Improving our communication process with your business o    Exceeding your business needs and requirementso    Reviewing your personal data, we have collected  o    Informing you of changes in our statutory or legal obligation We will not use your persona data for reasons other than those stated above. Should it be necessary to use your personal data for a new purpose, we will notify you and communicate the legal basis which allows us to do so before starting any new processes.4.    Data sharing We will never share your personal data with third parties as your information is protected by law. Genvolt will not disclose your personal data to any person or company except where you have given us permission to do so or if the law requires it. Which third-party service providers process my personal data? We will collect data processed by third party service providers: Google Analytics.The reason we use this service is it within our legitimate interest to improve marketing activities and service, but also to improve customer/user experiences on our website. We do not allow Google Analytics to identify anyone visiting our website.5.    Transferring personal data outside the European Economic area (EEA) We will not transfer the personal data we collect about you outside of the EEA
6.    Data security Our appropriate security measures ensure your connection is safe. We have built a secure environment for preventing your personal data being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed.We will hold and transmit your information in a safe, confidential and secure environment. We limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contracts and third parties who have a business need to know. All data processed inside the company are subjected to duty and confidentially.7.    Delete, remove and stop using your personal data As a company you have the “right to object, to erasure and to be forgotten”. Nevertheless, we may have to keep your records for complying with legal obligations. We always process, keep your personal data with legitimate interest according to the law, but we invite you to inform us whether you do not allow us to do so. You have the right to:o    Ask us to remove your personal data permanently  o    Request a copy of your records o    Notify us of any inaccuracies on information we hold and we will amend them In addition to this, you have the right to ask us to restrict your personal data usage when:o    You think we misused your personal data, but you want us to keep your recordso    It is no longer significant but you want us to store them in case of legal claimso    You state your personal data is not authentic For your own safety we also can ask you specific information when requesting access to your personal data. This procedure allows us to confirm your identity for security purposes.You can email us at info@genvolt.co.uk  to object to any information held. We will not charge you for the service because it is your right, however we might request you to pay a fee if the request for access is unfounded or excessive. Any other changes on our Privacy statement will be communicated to your company, and you can see these updates on our website at: http://www.genvolt.com/privacy8.    Marketing consent objection or withdrawYou can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us and updating your preferences or by contacting us at info@genvolt.co.uk. 9.    Contact UsGenvolt UK Limited, New Road, Highley, Bridgnorth, Shropshire, WV16 6NNTel. +44 (0) 1746 862555 | Email. info@genvolt.co.ukIf you think your personal data has been misused or for making a complaint you have the right to contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) or visit their website at: ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/visitsCookies and other information that is automatically loggedOur web site uses cookies to keep track of your visits to our web site. We may also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and in the future, we plan to use cookies to make sure you do not repeatedly see the same advertisement and to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site.We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website. Your IP address is also used to help identify you and your details on our database.
Telephone PolicyAll telephone calls both inbound and out bound are recorded for quality monitoring and staff training.Any calls to and from the company may be recorded for compliance reasons, and to enhance the customer service experience.
Subscribe to our mailing list
Please enter your details below to register for our news and product updates.
* indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
Last Name
OK Genvolt uses cookies. Some may have been set already. Read about our cookies.Please click the button to accept our cookies. If you continue to use the site, we'll assume you're happy to accept the cookies anyway.