https://www.amelicor.com/privacy
Products
Herd Management
Feed Management
Commodity Tracking
Dairy Records Processing
Blog
Contact
Sales
Support
Subscribe
Amelicor Privacy Policy
General
This privacy policy governs the manner in which DHI Computing Service, Inc., collects, uses, maintains, and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the www.amelicor.com, www.fps-gold.com, www.goldpointsystems.com, and www.pcisgold.com websites ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by DHI Computing Service, Inc., and its divisions.
DHI Computing Service, Inc., is a data-processing center that provides information-processing services to financial institutions, medical clinics, doctor groups, and dairy record keeping, which by law (e.g., Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, HIPAA, GLBA, Red Flag Regulations) are required to protect and safeguard customer information. We want you to understand what information we collect and how we use and protect it. This notice serves as a standard for all DHI Computing Service, Inc., (DHI) employees for collection, use, retention, and security of nonpublic personal consumer information. In addition, DHI is committed to the protection of nonpublic information and helping its clients comply with any information-safeguarding rules and regulations that may apply to them. DHI seeks to ensure that appropriate measures are implemented to protect the privacy of individuals' personal information, and to broadly educate its employees about state and federal laws governing the protection of sensitive information.
DHI has established Security Procedures, including physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards, to protect our clients' nonpublic information. And we restrict access to all clients' personal and account data to include only those who need that information in order to process and maintain our products or services.
DHI's Commitment to Trust Service Principles
DHI is committed to providing high levels of confidentiality, security, processing integrity, and availability. DHI operates within sound industry-standard controls, processes, policies, and procedures to optimize the security of client information, both logically and physically. DHI assures its clients that their information is not only secure, but also that confidential, nonpublic, and cardholder data remains intact and exposure is limited by means of masking, placeholders, truncation, and other industry-standard methods, as applicable. DHI is also committed to providing processing services completely and accurately, as authorized in a timely manner. DHI is committed to ensuring that client systems and information maintained as a service are available for both operation and use, as required by client agreements. To best maintain these commitments, DHI abides by practices to reasonably prevent, avoid, and mitigate risks inherent to conducting its business.
Website Agreement
Site and its contents, copyrights, and trademarks are the sole property of DHI Computing Service, Inc. Copyright and trademark laws protect this property. This website is provided as a service.
Please review the following basic rules that govern the use of our website (Terms and Conditions). Please note that your use of our website constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to the Terms and Conditions, do not use this website. Although you may "bookmark" a particular portion of this website and thereby bypass these Terms and Conditions, your use of any portion of this website still binds you to these Terms and Conditions.
Personal Identification Information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our Site, subscribe to the newsletter, or fill out a form. We may also collect personal information in connection with other activities, services, features, or resources we make available on our Site.
As appropriate, Users may be asked for names, email addresses, mailing addresses, and phone numbers. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personal identification information, but refusal may prevent them from engaging in certain Site-related activities.
Nonpersonal Identification Information
We may collect nonpersonal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Nonpersonal identification information may include browser names; the types of computers used; and technical information about Users' means of connection to our Site, such as operating systems and Internet service providers used.
Web Browser Cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. Users' Web browsers place cookies on their hard drives for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. Users may choose to set their Web browsers to refuse cookies or to alert them when cookies are being sent. If they do so, some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How We Use Collected Information
Amelicor may collect and use Users' personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service:
Information Users provide helps us respond to their customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize User experience:
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site:
We may use feedback Users provide to improve our products and services.
To run a promotion, contest, survey, or other Site feature:
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails:
We may use Users' email addresses to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If Users opt in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. In case a User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How We Protect Your Information
We use appropriate data collection, storage, processing, and security practices to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of Users' personal information, usernames, passwords, transaction information, and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over an SSL-secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. Our Site also complies with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure an environment as possible for Users.
Sharing Your Personal Information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users' personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification with our business partners, trusted affiliates, and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may use third-party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or to administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share User information with these third parties for those limited purposes, provided that the User has given us permission.
Third-Party Websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that links to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors, and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites that have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
DHI has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect.
You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, please contact us at:
Amelicor1525 W 820 N Provo, UT 846011 (800) 992-1344
Contact
Support
800.453.9400
Sales
800.992.1344
International
801.344.6555
Fax
801.374.5316
Products
Downloads
Herd Management
Feed Management
Commodity Tracking
Records Processing
Information
Herd and Feed Conference
Amelicor Blog
Legal Information
Privacy Policy
Why DHI-Provo Rebranded
© 2018 DHI Computing Service, Inc. All rights reserved.