https://www.audiopub.org/privacy-policy
We recognize the importance of protecting the corporate information you provide to APA. This statement outlines the information APA collects, how it uses the information and how you can control the information you provide.
The Information APA Collects We gather the following types of information to maintain our membership records, certification records, process your transactions and fulfill your requests.
Contact information you provide (e.g., your personal and/or business addresses, phone and fax numbers, e-mail addresses and titles).
Information you provide via applications, registration forms, profiles, surveys or purchase forms
How APA Uses Collected Information We use this information to:
Maintain and digitally publish our membership directory.
Notify you of relevant products and services.
Notify you of upcoming events and programs.
Publish attendee registration lists for APA-sponsored events including the Audio Publishers Association Conference (APAC), Audies Gala, Webinars, and Socials
APA does not share, sell or trade e-mail addresses to third parties
Your Right to Control Information Members – On the APA Web site, which requires you to use your login and password, you may edit your contact and mailing information directly.
E-mail opt-out – You may opt not to receive certain e-mail or fax communications from APA or third-party vendors through APA. Please contact APA at 646-688-3044 or use the unsubscribe option from the e-blast when you receive it. Please understand that once you have unsubscribed you will no longer receive said e-mail or fax communication from APA, which may include important member information, APA promotions, newsletters, etc.
Security We maintain security procedures and standards which we believe are as safe as today’s technology permits. We test these procedures and modify them regularly as new technologies become feasible. Credit information that you and credit authorizers provide when you make payments by credit card for products, dues or other services are encrypted and will only be used to process the transactions you request. This information will never be sold, shared or provided to other third parties. We do not request nor do we use social security numbers in the course of our business with our members or the public.
Refund Policy Payments for membership dues and member socials shall be considered non-refundable. A cancellation fee for events will apply; see the registration form for additional details.
Please submit refund requests via e-mail to info@audiopub.org, or call on our business phone at 646-688-3044 between the hours of 9:00am – 6:00pm Eastern Time.
E-mail cancellations must contain the following: First name, last name, email address, phone number and order description. Please provide all contact information so that we may contact you with regards to the refund
Shipping Policy Audies medallions are normally shipped within 72 hours; you will be notified via e-mail when the product is shipped. Audies replicas are purchased directly from the vendor with whom we will connect you.
Bank Fee Policy All wire transfer fees and/or bounced check fees are responsible to the payee. Medallions will not be shipped and entrance to events will not be allowed until all fees are paid.
You may contact APA at 646-688-3044 during U.S. Eastern Time business hours of 9:00am – 6:00pm with questions or requests relating to policies.