https://www.quickstep.com.au/privacy-policy/
Advanced Composite Solutions
+61 (2) 9774 0300
About
Board of Directors
Executives
Capabilities
Manufacturing Process
Accreditations
Qure
Research and Development
QAS
Investor Centre
ASX Announcements
Shareholders
Board and Committees
Corporate Governance
Financial Reports
Annual Reports
Presentations
Analysts Reports
Customers
Working with Us
Career Opportunities
Meet Our Growing Team
Partnerships
Newsroom
Latest Headlines
Interviews
Media Releases
Contact
Quickstep Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
Quickstep provides resources and services to people interested in carbon fibre components for the aerospace industry. The privacy and security of our audience and clients are of paramount importance, so we’re committed to protecting the data you share with us. This privacy policy explains how Quickstep processes information that can be used to directly or indirectly identify an individual (‘personal data’) collected through the use of our website and services.
For the purposes of this policy, the term ‘visitor’ will be used to encompass all types of people interacting with Quickstep, including site visitors, clients and customers.
Any information stored by Quickstep is treated as confidential. All information is secured and accessed only by authorised personnel, with appropriate security measures in place to protect against breach or loss.
2. Collection and use
2.1 Email and personal details
If you are a visitor to our website, you may be offered various downloads, offers or services. Should you choose to access a part of Quickstep that is not freely available, e.g. a lead-gen offer or paid product, you will be asked to provide your email address and agree to receive ongoing (relevant) communications. If you do not grant the requested consent, accessing the special offers may not be possible.
Depending on which offer you are accessing, your data will be processed in one or more of the following ways:
Added to the Quickstep email marketing list on MailChimp, who themselves adhere to privacy laws with strong security. When you open or click links in our emails, your action will be automatically noted so that Quickstep can serve you better.
At no time are credit card details processed by Quickstep itself, nor are they stored on the Quickstep host server.
2.2 Cookies
Cookies are temporary, small pieces of information sent to a visitor’s hard disk. They can’t run programs or deliver viruses, nor can they track your behaviour in alarming ways. The Facebook Pixel and Google Analytics are both cookies used by Quickstep, exclusively for the purpose of tracking which pages on the Quickstep website you have visited and for how long. These types of cookies are used by Quickstep to ensure we deliver content our visitors enjoy and find useful, as well as to create effective marketing campaigns.
If you are on Facebook or Instagram, they may result in you being shown our ads.
Although most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, you may reset your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or to reject cookies generally. Most browsers offer instructions on how to do so in the ‘Help’ section of the toolbar.
2.3 Links to other sites
Please be aware that when we link to other sites outside Quickstep, they are outside our sphere of influence. We cannot be held responsible for their content, nor their privacy policies.
2.4 Right to review and update
If you wish to inquire about your personal data held by Quickstep, please contact us.
3. Retention and deletion
3.1 Automated unsubscribe
At the bottom of every email sent by Quickstep, you will see an ‘unsubscribe’ link. This instantly stops all automated communications to you from Quickstep, including support for paid products and services.
3.2 Manual unsubscribe
If you are a client of Quickstep and we have a working relationship, hitting unsubscribe does not cease communications, particularly if we are mid-project. These are normal professional communications and will cease at the completion of the project.
3.3 Right to be forgotten
You have the right to request ALL your data is stripped of personal identifiers. As a general subscriber, this means you’d be deleted from the list.
4. Information from children
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. Our offerings are generally not designed for or directed to children and are only for use by individuals who are 18 years and older. On our website, we do not collect personal data from any person we actually know is under the age of 18. In the online space particularly, parents or guardians are urged to participate in their children’s exploration of the Internet and to teach their children about protecting their personal information while online.
5. Acceptance of these conditions
We have the right to assume all visitors have carefully read this policy, particularly when they are explicitly agreeing to its terms. If someone does not agree with this policy, they should refrain from using our website or offers. We have the right to update our privacy policy as necessary, and this will be reflected with versioning details as per the top of this policy.
6. Sharing of personal information
At no time other than disclosed above (for required processing) will we share your data. This includes selling or renting it to third parties.
7. Our legal obligation to disclose personal information
We will reveal a visitor’s personal information without their permission only when we are required to do so by law.
8. Further information or action
If you have questions regarding Quickstep’s privacy policy, then please contact us.
News and Events
Quickstep Celebrates 10,000th F-35 Component
Learn More
Quickstep to Acquire Boeing Australia's MRO Capability
Learn More
Quickstep gains sales despite COVID risk to aerospace sector
Learn More
Quickstep's Strong Year of Growth
Learn More
Quickstep Signs Letter of Intent on Sydney Aerotropolis
Learn More
Prioritising Technological Investment in Challenging Times
Learn More
Contact Quickstep today
Please get in touch for more information...
Please leave this field empty.
Sign me up for the newsletter!
Quickstep +61 (2) 9774 0300361 Milperra Road,
Bankstown Aerodrome,
NSW 2200
Building LA,
Deakin University,
75 Pigdons Road,
Waurn Ponds, VIC 3216
Quickstep USA Inc.
10777 Westheimer Rd
Suite 1100,
Houston, TX 77042, USA
Newsletter Signup
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Home
About
Capabilities
Investors
News & Articles
Privacy Policy
T & C
Contact
Copyright ©2020
Quickstep. All rights reserved.