https://www.dowjones.com/about/#environmental-policy
Home
Products
Insights
Press Room
Scoops
About
Careers
Contact
CONTACT SALES
SUBSCRIBE TO THE WALL STREET JOURNAL
SUBSCRIBE TO BARRON’S
Dow Jones
The Ultimate Source for Business News and Data
Every day, Dow Jones’ advanced data capabilities, award-winning journalism and innovative technology deliver news, tools and financial insight to move markets, inform critical decisions and power top companies and careers.
What We Do
our leadership team
Since 1882, Dow Jones has been finding new ways to bring information to the world’s top business entities. Beginning as a niche news agency in an obscure Wall Street basement, Dow Jones has grown to be a worldwide news and information powerhouse, with prestigious brands including The Wall Street Journal, Dow Jones Newswires, Factiva, Barron’s, MarketWatch and Financial News.
This longevity and success is due to a relentless pursuit of accuracy, depth and innovation, enhanced by the wisdom of past experience and a solid grasp on the future ahead. More than its individual brands, Dow Jones is a modern gateway to intelligence, with innovative technology, advanced data feeds, integrated solutions, expert research, award-winning journalism and customizable apps and delivery systems to bring the information that matters most to customers, when and where they need it, every day.
ALMAR LATOUR
Chief Executive Officer, Dow Jones
Publisher, The Wall Street Journal
Almar Latour is Chief Executive Officer of Dow Jones and Publisher of The Wall Street Journal.
Prior to his appointment as CEO of the finest news and information business in the world, Almar served as Publisher of Barron’s Group and Executive Vice President of Dow Jones. He oversaw the growth of Barron’s Group business and luxury brands Barron’s, MarketWatch, Financial News, Mansion Global, the Dow Jones Wealth and Asset Management Group, and was responsible for all editorial and business operations.
Before Barron’s Group, Almar was Executive Editor of The Wall Street Journal and Dow Jones, where he successfully unified the editorial staff into a single global newsroom and transitioned The Journal to a digitally-driven news operation. He also was Editor-in-Chief of The Wall Street Journal and Dow Jones Newswires in Asia where he lived for more than three years. There, he grew the publishing company’s digital footprint to include Japan, Korea and Indonesia, while expanding the Journal’s Chinese edition.
Editorially, Almar oversaw two major redesigns of The Wall Street Journal’s website, launched numerous successful international and U.S. blogs, revamped The Chinese Wall Street Journal and kicked off The Wall Street Journal in Japan.
Prior to his time in Asia, he was Managing Editor of The Wall Street Journal Online, where he oversaw a major redesign of the site in September 2008. Before that, he was a bureau chief overseeing Tech coverage in New York.
He also worked as a staff reporter for The Journal in New York, London, Stockholm and Brussels.
Almar began his career as a News Assistant at The Journal’s Washington, D.C. bureau. He is a native of the Netherlands and lives in New York City with his family.
Continue Reading
CHRISTINA VAN TASSELL
Chief Financial Officer
Christina Van Tassell is the Chief Financial Officer at Dow Jones. She joined the company in November 2017.
She is responsible for leading the company’s global finance organization and is a member of the company’s executive committee, providing strategic counsel and analytical insight to support the growth of the wider business. Christina also oversees the accounting, business support, financial planning and analysis, treasury, M&A, internal audit and tax functions.
Prior to joining Dow Jones, she was the Chief Financial Officer of WPP Company Xaxis. She was also Partner and Chief Financial Officer at Centurion Holdings. She began her career at PricewaterhouseCoopers where she held senior roles in New York, London and Sweden.
Christina received her dual master’s degree in business administration from Columbia Business School and London Business School. She received a B.A. degree from Muhlenberg College.
Christina is on the board of The News Literacy Project which empowers educators to teach students the skills they need to become smart, active consumers of news and other information and engaged, informed participants in civic life.
Continue Reading
EDWARD ROUSSEL
Chief Innovation Officer
Edward Roussel is Chief Innovation Officer at Dow Jones, responsible for identifying areas of new opportunity, with a focus on startups and relations with Silicon Valley companies.
Edward joined Dow Jones in June 2013 as head of digital product development, overseeing projects including the redesign of The Wall Street Journal’s website and apps.
Before joining Dow Jones, Edward worked at the Telegraph Media Group in London for seven years. As Executive Editor, Digital, he headed the Telegraph’s website and mobile products,  playing a central role in reorganizing the newsroom to place digital journalism at its core.
Edward worked at Bloomberg from 1992 to 2004, playing a key part in the company’s rapid editorial expansion. He oversaw global financial coverage, leading a team of more than 130 journalists. In earlier roles at Bloomberg, Edward was bureau chief in Brussels, Paris and London.
Continue Reading
FRANK FILIPPO
EVP Print Products and Enterprise Services
Frank Filippo is EVP Print Products and Enterprise Services, responsible for the global print editions of The Wall Street Journal, Barron’s, Financial News and WSJ. Magazine.He also oversees Global Real Estate, Facilities, Security and Customer Service.
Prior to his current position, Frank served as Senior Vice President, Business Operations, overseeing operational functions across Dow Jones, including planning, commercial, and product development. He joined Dow Jones in 2005 and has held senior roles leading strategy, commercial and product management across key consumer and professional businesses.
Before joining Dow Jones, Mr. Filippo held senior positions at Merck & Co. and Siebel Systems where he focused on product and technology solutions. He has also held management roles in technology consulting.
Continue Reading
JASON CONTI
GENERAL COUNSEL, CHIEF COMPLIANCE OFFICER
Jason Conti is General Counsel for Dow Jones, overseeing the company’s legal department, which includes a team of professionals handling labor and employment, commercial agreements, privacy, IP, M&A, litigation, compliance, media law and a variety of other specialties.
In addition to his role as General Counsel, Jason has served as Chief Compliance Officer since 2011. In that role, he has overseen the development of the company’s compliance program, including screening for compliance with international sanctions programs, enforcement of various company policies – including the Dow Jones Code of Conduct – and bolstering internal systems and controls.
Jason joined Dow Jones in 2008 and served as Vice President and Associate General Counsel. In 2014 he took on the role of Deputy General Counsel at Dow Jones where he managed domestic and international litigation and served as the company’s lead press attorney, working closely with journalists around the globe on a variety of newsroom issues.
Before joining Dow Jones, Jason worked at Hogan & Hartson LLP for over five years where he defended media companies in defamation, privacy and copyright actions.
Jason received his J.D. from Boston College Law School and received his B.A. in Government from the University of Virginia.
Continue Reading
JOSH STINCHCOMB
Global Chief Revenue Officer, The Wall Street Journal | Barron’s Group
Josh Stinchcomb is the Global Chief Revenue Officer of Dow Jones for Media and Marketing where he oversees advertising and marketing solutions for the company.
Prior to this role, Josh held numerous positions at Condé Nast including SVP of Corporate Sales, Publisher of Condé Nast Digital and, most recently, Chief Experience Officer where he oversaw branded content, experiential and licensing.
He is a regular speaker at industry events and an adjunct professor at NYU’s Master of Science in Publishing Program.
Continue Reading
KAMILAH MITCHELL-THOMAS
Chief People Officer
Kamilah Mitchell-Thomas is Chief People Officer of Dow Jones where she guides company culture through strategic application of “people power” for digital transformation, change execution and cultivating partnerships with key stakeholders, business leaders and cross-functional teams.
Prior to this role, Thomas was Senior Vice President, People & Culture at A+E Networks. There, she implemented ME+, A+E Networks’ global learning and development program aligned with new organizational vision supporting staff development, engagement and accountability for performance. Thomas also led the development and launch of NEXT 90, A+E Networks’ new performance management approach responsible for the company’s transformation to a high-performance culture.
Thomas has over 20 years of extensive human resources experience leading corporate transformations through global learning and development, diversity, people management and inclusion efforts. Previously, she served as Vice President, Human Resources, Madison Square Garden Company where she led HR activities for Marketing, Ticket Sales, Corporate Sponsorships, Event Presentation and Game-Night Entertainment and Front-Office & Coaching Staff, including the New York Knicks, Rangers and Liberty sport teams.
Prior to Madison Square Garden, Thomas was Vice President, Human Resources at Sony Music Entertainment, Epic Records where she led the Human Resources efforts for re-launching the iconic record label. Leading aggressive build of the C-suite team and key creative team, Thomas facilitated business growth and expansion of the newly reimagined label.
She began her career at JP Morgan as a Financial Analyst and graduated from Lincoln University with a Bachelor of Arts in Economics.
Continue Reading
MATT MURRAY
Editor in Chief, The Wall Street Journal & Dow Jones Newswires
Matt Murray is editor in chief of The Wall Street Journal and Dow Jones Newswires, responsible for all global newsgathering and editorial operations. Matt previously served as executive editor since 2017, and had been deputy editor in chief since 2013. He joined Dow Jones & Company in 1994 as a reporter for the Pittsburgh bureau.
He is the author of The Father and the Son and the co-author, with former New York City fire commissioner Thomas Von Essen, of Strong of Heart. He holds Bachelor’s and Master’s degrees in journalism from Northwestern University and lives in New York with his family.
Continue Reading
NANCY MCNEILL
Chief Revenue Officer
Nancy McNeill is Chief Revenue Officer, responsible for global sales strategy for Dow Jones’ suite of professional information products.
She has more than 20 years of management experience, leading global sales organizations in the financial services information industry. Previously, she served as Global Head of Sales for Wealth Management and Global Head of Sales, Corporate Services at Thomson Reuters.
She earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from The University of Connecticut.
Continue Reading
PAUL GIGOT
Editor, Editorial Page, The Wall Street Journal
Paul Gigot is Editor, Editorial Page and Vice President of The Wall Street Journal, responsible for the publication’s Opinion content, including editorials, op-ed articles, book reviews and arts criticism.
He is also the host of the weekly half-hour news program, the Journal Editorial Report, on the Fox News Channel. Paul joined the Journal in 1980 as a reporter in Chicago, and in 1982 he became the Journal’s Asia correspondent, based in Hong Kong. He won an Overseas Press Club award for his reporting on the Philippines. In 1984, he was named the first editorial page editor of The Asian Wall Street Journal, based in Hong Kong. In 1987, he was assigned to Washington, where he contributed editorials and a weekly column on politics, “Potomac Watch,” which won the 2000 Pulitzer Prize for commentary. In 2010 he received the Bradley Prize from the Lynde and Harry Bradley Foundation, which recognizes individuals for “the promotion of liberal democracy, democratic capitalism and the defense of American institutions.” Mr. Gigot is a previous chair of the Pulitzer Prize Board. He is a graduate of Dartmouth College.
Continue Reading
RAMIN BEHESHTI
Chief Product and Technology Officer
Ramin Beheshti is the Chief Product and Technology Officer for Dow Jones, responsible for the global technical strategy, delivery and operations across all of the company’s customer-facing products and internal technology, including digital product development, software engineering, cloud infrastructure and information security. Prior to his current position, Ramin served as Chief Information Officer at Dow Jones where he supported the group’s digital growth agenda, leading an enterprise technology transformation, including significant modernization of the platforms and infrastructure used by the global workforce.
He joined Dow Jones from News UK, where he was Head of Product for The Times and The Sunday Times, responsible for digital product development and delivery. He started his career at Deloitte Consulting.
Ramin holds a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science from the University of Warwick, U.K.
Continue Reading
SUZI WATFORD
EVP & CMO, Wall Street Journal
Suzi Watford is EVP & CMO at The Wall Street Journal, overseeing global sales and marketing for The Wall Street Journal. Leading an international team, Suzi spearheads WSJ’s strategy, brand marketing, subscription and memberships – from students through to professional memberships and networks. The Wall Street Journal now has the largest membership in it’s history. Alongside this she is responsible for the fast growing Live Journalism conferences and events business, WSJ partnerships and the global loyalty proposition WSJ+.
With twenty years of experience in the media industry, Suzi joined Dow Jones from News UK where she served as Sales and Marketing Director for The Times and The Sunday Times. She is based in NYC.
Continue Reading
Corporate Citizenship
Dow Jones Green
Corporate Citizenship
Dow Jones is a News Corp company and is committed to the philosophy that responsible corporate citizenship improves the lives of all people as much as it does our own. Corporate citizenship at News Corp is focused on three main areas: philanthropy, volunteering and minimizing our environmental impact.
Learn more about News Corp’s commitment to making a positive impact by visiting newscorp.com/citizenship.
Dow Jones Green
Integrity defines the culture at Dow Jones just as it does its journalism and business. Dow Jones strives to be a responsible consumer of energy and resources, as well as a positive influence to our employees and in the communities where we work and live. Our goal is to improve the sustainability of our operations by continuously reducing waste, carbon footprint and energy inefficiencies.
We believe sustainability begins as a business proposition, but doesn’t end there. Our mission is to be the source of truth and insight for decision-makers – our core business provides a platform for informing people for the good of society. Our authoritative and trusted news and information content sets agendas, starts conversations and influences outcomes. We expose fraud, malfeasance and negligence, and we engage our readers about critical issues such as climate change with highly balanced, journalistic integrity. Our information products are directed at a broad, influential audience and provide accurate, fair and trustworthy information that helps businesses become more sustainable.
Dow Jones Green is our company sustainability program which has 3 main objectives:
REDUCE WASTE: Minimize the amount of single-use plastic, food, and other waste generated at work and home
CHANGE CLIMATE: Reduce our carbon footprint by using energy-efficient equipment, low-carbon transportation methods (walking, biking, carpooling, or using public transportation), and switching to clean energy options, wherever feasible.
ENGAGE & EDUCATE: Continuously educate and help engage co-workers, customers, suppliers, family and friends to be more environmentally sustainable.
Green teams located across our global offices and plants have developed specific targets and strategies to meet these objectives. These teams are championed by a Dow Jones Executive, and DJ Green is part of our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion program.
In addition, as part of News Corp’s Global Environmental Initiative, Dow Jones also plans to:
Reduce our operational carbon emissions by 60% and our supply chain carbon emissions 20% by 2030 (2016 base year), in line with our commitment to the Science Based Target initiative (SBTi) to limit global temperature rise 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels. This also aligns with our long-term vision to reduce our carbon footprint to net zero by 2050.
Minimize single-use plastic and other wastes within our business, while maintaining zero waste to landfill at our owned print centers.
Source 100% of all globally purchased publication paper from material certified by independent, internationally recognized sustainable forestry certification bodies such as Forest Stewardship Council (FSC), Programme for the Endorsement of Forest Certification (PEFC), Sustainable Forest Initiative (SFI), Canadian Standards Association (CSA), or equivalent, by 2025.
Our Policy and Performance Summary
The company strives to maintain a safe and healthy workplace and expects employees to observe all applicable health, safety, environmental and labor laws. We affirm to all our employees, customers and the public that we will conduct our activities in an environmentally-sustainable manner and meet or exceed all applicable regulations, company standards and voluntary initiatives.
To manage our environmental and safety risks, we pursue a path of continual improvement and integrate our management systems into our overall business strategy, using the frameworks from ISO 14,001 (Environmental Management Systems) and ISO 45,001 (Occupational Health & Safety Management Systems).
Dow Jones shares the details of its impact on climate change and forests in a transparent manner, publicly reporting both greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and our sustainable paper management practices each year through the CDP (Carbon Disclosure Project), via News Corp.
To learn more about our sustainability programs and performance, please see our Dow Jones Environment Report – FY2019 linked below.
Dow Jones Environment Report
Advertising
Advertise in Dow Jones’ industry-leading publications to gain increased visibility and brand equity alongside premium content and the biggest brands in the world. Click below to learn more about placement in The Wall Street Journal, Barron’s, Financial News and MarketWatch.
The Wall Street Journal
Barron's
MarketWatch
Financial News
Global Sales and Subscriptions
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP UK provides independent assurance over the Dow Jones Global Sales and Subscription Report. To see them click the button below.
Sales and subscription figures
Terms and Conditions
I accept and agree for and on behalf of myself and the entity I represent (each a “recipient”) that:
1. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (“PwC”) accepts no liability (including liability for negligence) to each recipient in relation to the PwC Independent Assurance Report. The report is provided to each recipient for information purposes only. If a recipient relies on PwC’s report, it does so entirely at its own risk.
2. No recipient will bring a claim against PwC which relates to the access to the Independent Assurance Report by a recipient.
3. Neither PwC’s Independent Assurance Report, nor information obtained from it, may be made available to anyone else without PwC’s prior written consent, except where required by law or regulation; and
4. PwC’s report was prepared with Dow Jones International Ltd’s interests in mind. It was not prepared with any recipient’s interests in mind or for its use. PwC’s report is not a substitute for any enquiries that a recipient should make. The subscription and sales numbers Certificate covers a specific period of time in the past, and thus PwC’s assurance report is based on historical information. Any projection of such information or PwC’s opinion thereon to future periods is subject to the risk that changes may occur after the reports are issued and the description of controls may no longer accurately portray the system of internal control. For these reasons, such projection of information to future periods would be inappropriate.
5. PwC will be entitled to the benefit of and to enforce these terms.
Decline
Accept
Click on the links below to see the complete Dow Jones Global Sales and Subscription figures. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP UK provides independent assurance over the Dow Jones Global Sales and Subscription Report.
Email
*
Please fill in the required field.
By clicking submit, I agree to the
Privacy Policy
and
Cookie Policy
and I understand I will receive marketing communications from Dow Jones professional information products from which I may unsubscribe using the links provided.
Thank you for subscribing, your information has been submitted successfully.
Close