http://www.artcoustic.com/privacy-policy
HOME
PRODUCTS
DESIGN OPTIONS
DESIGN OPTIONS
ART GALLERY
PROJECTS
RESIDENTIAL INTERIORS
CONTRACT INTERIORS
DEDICATED CINEMAS
NEWS
LATEST NEWS
ABOUT
SHOWROOMS
CONTACT
HEAD QUARTERS
AFRICA/MIDDLE EAST
AMERICAS
ASIA
AUSTRALIA/NEW ZEALAND
EUROPE
Partner Portal
PRIVACY POLICY1.   Collection and Use of Personal InformationOur Privacy Policy applies to the information we collect and use about you when you;-       Access or use Artcoustic’s website-       Sign up for newsletters-       Place an order-       Contact usWe use this information to provide you with the best service possible.1.1  Information you provide usArtcoustic collects a variety of information that you voluntarily provide to us, such as:-       Name, address, phone number and email-       Company name, address, contact information, etc.-       Billing information; shipping address, payment informationArtcoustic collects information from you through:-       Communications, questions, requests, etc. you submit via emails, website, social media, phone calls or events.1.2  Information we collect automatically Artcoustic automatically collects personal information through cookies and other similar technologies. For example, we are able collect information through your use of our website, such as your IP-address, browser information, your location and what sites you visit at artcoustic.com.  1.3  Information we collect from social media or other platformsIf you access our website through a third-party connection (social media network), you allow us to have access and store information about which third-party platform you accessed from.For a description of how social networking sites handle your information, please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use.If you like or follow our social media sites, we may collect information from you; profile name or posts relevant to us. We protect your data collected from these third parties in accordance with our Privacy Policy. 1.4  How we use your informationWe use your information for different purposes depending on what type of information we have collected from you in order to:-       Complete a purchase, this includes invoicing and accounting-       Respond to your request to provide a better customer service-       Provide you with updates and information about products you have purchased from us or new products.-       Contact by mail regarding special events we may think you find interest in, promotions and research.-       General updates and special offers. 2.   Sharing your personal informationArtcoustic do not sell or will not sell any kind of personal information about our customers.We only publish your information in agreement with this Privacy Policy.We share information with the following partners: -       Our factory facility in Estonia (EU)-       Artcoustic Representatives in other countries 3.   Your rightsWe want you to have the control of how we use your personal information. Subject to the local present legislation, you can do this in the following way:-       Request for a copy of your personal information we are in possession of.-       You can inform us of any change in your personal data or if you want us to make a change in your personal data, we are in possession of.-       In certain situations, you can request us to delete, block or limit the data we are in possession of or raise objection to certain ways we use your information. Using your personal information with your consent you can withdraw you consent at any time. In addition, when we process your information, you have the right to raise objection against the use of your information at any time. We commit to collaborate with you if you have any worries or complaints in our use of your personal data. 4.   Cookies4.1 What is a cookie?-       A cookie is a file on your computer or other IT-equipment. Cookies make it possible to recognize your computer and collect information about what sites you visit at Artcoustic with your browser. It does not identify you or gather any other personal information. Cookies do not spread virus or any other harming programs. 4.2  Use of cookies -       Cookies are in almost every website and some websites do not function without cookies.At Artcoustic we use cookies for following:o   Track website activity 4.3 Approval and refusal of cookiesFirst time visiting Artcoustic you are noticed we use cookies and here you will give your approval.You can withdraw your approval by switching them off in your browser. 4.4 Instagram and Facebook (Third Parties) Our website is linked to Facebook and Instagram. If you make use of these links be aware that these sites (Facebook & Instagram) receive technical data about your browser, IP-address and what other websites you visit. By use of these services you are covered by their cookies-rules. 5.   How to contact us If you have any concerns or questions regarding our use of your personal information, please contact us using the following details:Artcoustic Showroom DKHesseløgade 162100 København ØCVR-nummer: 26603501Telefonnummer: +45 32 83 60 60e-mail: info@artcoustic.com