http://www.flinthydrostatics.com/privacy-policy.php
Hydraulex Group
Who We Are
What We Do
Our Mission
Who We Are
Hydraulex is a family of Attica Hydraulic Exchange, Flint Hydrostatics, Hydraulic Repair and Design and Metaris Hydraulics. With our combined expertise, capabilities, and inventories - we have the largest offering in the industry of remanufactured, aftermarket, and OEM hydraulic components and parts.Visit Hydraulex website
What We Do
We provide hydraulic components & repair services for industrial applications like paper mills, saw mills, steel mills, recycling plants, oil & gas applications and mobile applications, including construction, utility, mining, agricultural and marine equipment. This includes hydraulic pumps, motors, valves, servo/prop valves, PTOs, cylinders & parts.
New Units
Reman Units
New Parts
Repair Services
Our Mission
From supplying new components, to repairs, to remanufacturing, our one-stop shop motto has become a truly accurate description that reflects our passion and mission for the hydraulics industry and our customers.
Create a one-stop shop of quality products for all your hydraulic needs
Offer a vast product offering with widespread manufacturer support and on-the-shelf availability
Provide the fastest possible turnaround and delivery - serving your immediate hydraulic needs
Close
Call us: 800.238.0155 or 901.794.2462
Home
Shop
Products
Hydraulic Pumps & Motors
Sundstrand Pumps & Motors
Genuine Metaris 20 Series Piston Pumps & Motors
Eaton Pumps & Motors
Hitachi Pumps & Motors
Kawasaki Pumps & Motors
Rexroth/Uchida Pumps & Motors
Mitsubishi Pumps & Motors
Genuine Metaris Orbital Motors
Replacement Parts
OEM & Aftermarket Parts
Piston Pump Replacement Parts
Komatsu Parts
Services
Hydraulic Repair Services
Hydraulic Pump & Motor Repair
Hydraulic Reman Services
Reman-Exchange
Hydraulic Cores & Surplus
We Buy Hydraulic Cores
Literature
News
Contact Us
Well, hello there.
We like to email our friends to stay in touch.
Sign up below for our email newsletter and be the first to know about new products, sales and promos going on.
No thanks. Close the form.
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for (www.flinthydrostatics.com). This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email, livechat, through our contact form or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We may collect the following information:
Name
Contact information, including an email address, company name, address and postal code
How you heard about us
Information you voluntarily give through our contact form message input when seeking pricing and availability on a product or service
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us - whether that be for a product or service. We may use the information to improve our products or services. We may periodically send promotional emails about products, special offers or other information we think you may find interesting using the email address you provided if you signed up for our email newsletter. However, please note that signing up for our email newsletter list is a voluntary act and a double opt-in process separate from our contact form. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
We may also contact you via email in the future to tell you about changes to this privacy policy.
Security
We take reasonable physical, technical, and organizational measures to protect the personal information collected on our websites. Of course, no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure. With that said, we cannot guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we guarantee that information you provide us won’t be intercepted during transmission over the Internet. Our website servers are managed by an external service provider. The server is protected and managed by the external service provider.
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Cookies
When you visit or interact with our website(s), we may use cookies and other tracking technologies in order to operate our website(s) and services, to improve our performance, or to give you extra functionality - all with the goal of providing you with a better experience.
We may set cookies on your browser or obtain information about the fact that you visited our website(s) from a certain IP address as a method to provide you a better experience visiting our website(s).
Changes to this Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Policy at any time, so please review it frequently.
If our business undergoes a fundamental change such as, for example, a sale, merger, or transfer of all or a portion of our business or assets, we may disclose your personal information to the other parties in the transaction so that we may continue to provide products and services to you.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address marketing@hydraulex.com or phone number given on our website or on our email marketing correspondence:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 253.604.0400 or via email: marketing@hydraulex.com.
Navigate
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Warranty
Disclaimer
Credit Application
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Contact Us
Address: 4084 E. Shelby Drive, Memphis, TN 38118
Phone: 800.238.0155
Phone: 901.794.2462
Fax: 901.366.4905
Email: sales@flinthydrostatics.com
Stay Connected
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Youtube
Subscribe to our Newsletter
We Ship Worldwide
© 2005
Flint Hydrostatics, Inc. All rights reserved.