http://www.jonesthegrocer.com/terms-conditions-i7
X
This site uses cookies to provide and improve your shopping experience.
If you want to benefit from this improved service, please opt-in.
More Info
I opt-in to a better browsing experience
Accept Cookies
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & ConditionsJones the Grocer respects your privacy and is committed to protecting the personal information you provide us. This statement explains our policies regarding the use and disclosure of your personal information by Jones the Grocer. Please note that Jones the Grocer reviews and updates this policy from time to time as needed without notice. Therefore, you should review the terms periodically to make sure you are aware of how we collect and use personal information. By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information by Jones the Grocer as explained below.I. Privacy policyWe collect “Non-Personal Information” and “Personal Information.” Non-Personal Information includes information that cannot be used to personally identify you, such as anonymous usage data, general demographic information we may collect, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, preferences you submit and preferences that are generated based on the data you submit and number of clicks. Personal Information includes your email address, date of birth, contact information which you submit to us through the registration process at the Site. 1. Information collectedTo improve the quality of the service, we track information provided to us by your browser or by our software application when you view or use the service, such as the website you came from (known as the “referring URL”), the type of browser you use, the device from which you connected to the service, the time and date of access, and other information that does not personally identify you. We track this information using cookies, or small text files which include an anonymous unique identifier. 2. Information you provide us by registering for an accountIn addition to the information provided automatically by your browser when you visit the Site, to become a subscriber to the service you will need to create a personal profile. You can create a profile by registering with the service and entering your email address, and creating a user name and a password. By registering, you are authorizing us to collect, store and use your email address in accordance with this Privacy Policy. II. HOW WE USE AND SHARE INFORMATIONPersonal Information:Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell, trade, rent or otherwise share for marketing purposes your Personal Information with third parties without your consent. We do share Personal Information with vendors who are performing services for Jones the Grocer, such as the servers for our email communications who are provided access to user’s email address for purposes of sending emails from us. Those vendors use your Personal Information only at our direction and in accordance with our Privacy Policy.In general, the Personal Information you provide to us is used to help us communicate with you. We may share Personal Information with outside parties if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to meet any applicable legal process or enforceable governmental request; to enforce applicable Terms of Service , including investigation of potential violations; address fraud, security or technical concerns; or to protect against harm to the rights, property, or safety of our users or the public as required or permitted by law. Non-Personal InformationIn general, we use Non-Personal Information to help us improve the service and customize the user experience. We also aggregate Non-Personal Information to track trends and analyze use patterns on the Site. This Privacy Policy does not limit in any way our use or disclosure of Non-Personal Information and we reserve the right to use and disclose such Non-Personal Information to our partners, advertisers and other third parties at our discretion.In the event we undergo a business transaction such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your Personal Information may be among the assets transferred. You acknowledge and consent that such transfers may occur and are permitted by this Privacy Policy, and that any acquirer of our assets may continue to process your Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. If our information practices change at any time in the future, we will post the policy changes to the Site so that you may opt out of the new information practices. We suggest that you check the Site periodically if you are concerned about how your information is used.III. HOW WE PROTECT INFORMATIONWe implement security measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access. Your account is protected by your account password and we urge you to take steps to keep your personal information safe by not disclosing your password and by logging out of your account after each use. We further protect your information from potential security breaches by implementing certain technological security measures including encryption, firewalls and secure socket layer technology. However, these measures do not guarantee that your information will not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of such firewalls and secure server software. By using our service, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks.IV. YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING THE USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONYou have the right at any time to prevent us from contacting you for marketing purposes.  When we send a promotional communication to a user, the user can opt-out of further promotional communications by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in each promotional e-mail. You can also indicate that you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us in the opt-out page in the settings section of the Site. Please note that notwithstanding the promotional preferences you indicate by either unsubscribing or opting out in the opt-out page of the Site, we may continue to send you administrative emails including, for example, periodic updates to our Privacy Policy.V. LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITESAs part of the service, we may provide links to or compatibility with other websites or applications. However, we are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by those websites or the information or content they contain. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by us through the Site and the Service. Therefore, this Privacy Policy does not apply to your use of a third-party website accessed by selecting a link on our Site or via our service. To the extent that you access or use the service through or on another website or application, then the privacy policy of that other website or application will apply to your access or use of that site or application. We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of other websites before proceeding to use them.VI. MINORSMinors under the age of 18 shall are prohibited to register as a User of this website and are not allowed to transact or use the website.VII. PAYMENTSIf you make a payment for our products or services on our website, the details you are asked to submit will be provided directly to our payment provider via a secured connection. The cardholder must retain a copy of transaction records and Merchant policies and rules. We accept payments online using Visa and MasterCard credit/debit card in AED (or any other agreed currency).VIII. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICYJones the Grocer reserves the right to change this policy and our Terms of service at any time.  We will notify you of significant changes to our Privacy Policy by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account or by placing a prominent notice on our site. Significant changes will go into effect 30 days following such notification. Non-material changes or clarifications will take effect immediately. You should periodically check the Site and this privacy page for updates.Any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with this website shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of UAE. United Arab of Emirates is our country of domicile.
Top