http://www.alhambracu.org/privacy-notice
Search
Privacy Notice
Alhambra Credit Union is committed to providing you with competitive products and services to meet your financial needs and help you reach your goals. We are equally committed to protecting the privacy of our members. Under federal law, we are required to give you this privacy notice describing our credit union's privacy policy and practices concerning the personal information we collect and disclose about our members. It also includes information about the parties who receive personal and sometimes nonpublic information from us as we conduct the business of the credit union.
If after reading this notice you have questions, please contact us:
602-246-5120
Phoenix Office 7339 N 35th Avenue Phoenix, AZ 85051
Phone: 602-246-5120
Fax: 602-433-1437
West Valley Office 13331 W Indian School Rd # 205 Litchfield Park, AZ 85340 Phone: 602-246-5120 Fax: 623-925-1318
FACTS
WHAT DOES ALHAMBRA CREDIT UNION
DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security numbers and Payment History
Credit History and Credit Scores
Overdraft History and Income
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share personal information to run their everyday
business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their
personal information; the reasons chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share
your personal information
Does Alhambra Credit Union share?
Can you
limit this
sharing?
For our everyday business purposes-
such as to process your transaction, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to the credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes—
to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
Yes
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—
information about your transactions and experiences
No
We don't share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—
information about your creditworthiness
No
We don't share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We don't share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We don't share
Questions?
Call 602-246-5120   or go to www.alhambracu.coop
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
Alhambra Credit Union
What we do
How does Alhambra Credit Union Protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law.
These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does Alhambra Credit Union collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
Open an account or deposit money
pay your bills or apply for a loan
use your credit or debit card
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes -information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to marketing to you
State law and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
ACU does not share with affiliates so they can market to you.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non financial companies.
ACU does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial product or services to you .
Our joint marketing partners include insurance companies.
Click here to view this notice as a PDF document.