https://www.managers.org.uk/about-cmi/governance/policies/data-privacy/
Skip to main content
Professional Standards
Continuing Professional Development
Membership
Become a Member
Reasons to Join
Join the Community
Resources Management Direct
Chartered Manager
Chartered Companions
Chartered Management Consultant
Corporate Membership
Community
Events
Awards
Regional Networks
Community Networks CMI Women
Future Leaders
CMI Race
Research Participation
Knowledge & Insights
News, Views and Updates
Practical Guidance and Advice
Features and Longer Reads
Research & Thought Leadership Management Transformed
Campaigning & Advocacy
Covid-19 Hub
Brexit Hub
Blueprint for Balance
About CMI
Vision, Mission & Values
Our Royal Charter
Governance
Annual Reports
Media Centre
Contact us
Careers with CMI
HomeAbout CMIGovernancePoliciesData Privacy
In this section
Governance
Executive TeamBoard and CommitteesAnnual ReportsPolicies
Data Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to The Chartered Management Institute (incorporating CMI Enterprises Ltd, and the Institute of Consulting) ("CMI"). This Privacy Policy covers how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your personal information. Please take a moment to familiarise yourself with our privacy practices.
1. Principles of our policy
Private: We will never sell, rent or trade information about you to other companies. Your data will not be supplied to anyone except as described in this privacy notice, unless we are obliged by law to disclose it.
Secure: In accordance with the UK Data Protection Act and the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) we follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of information that you have given us to prevent unauthorised access.
Necessary: We won't collect information unless it is needed for purposes we have told you about in this privacy policy, to deliver a better service or to give you useful, relevant information.
2. What personal data do we hold?
The personal data we collect and receive about you depends on your interaction with us.
If you contact us by phone, we monitor or record communications for our legitimate interest in making sure we follow your instructions carefully, and improving our service to you through training of our staff. These recordings are retained for 30 days.
Website Visitors
When you visit our website, we receive information about you in two ways:
Directly from you – This is usually your contact details and any other information you provide by filling in a form on the website (e.g. to register with CMI, request further information or download a resource). We use this information to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have agreed to be contacted for such purposes.
Automatically from the website: This includes your IP address and browsing behaviour. Understanding the way you interact with our site enables us to improve our service to you. Our cookies policy explains our use of cookies and Google Analytics to collect and analyse this information and how long we retain personally identifying information collected by cookies. We use this information for our legitimate interest in ensuring that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
Members and Friends of CMI
If you are a member of CMI or a Friend of CMI we hold the following additional information about you for the purpose of administering your membership;
Title (e.g. Mr./Miss/ etc)
First Name
Surname
Date of Birth
Gender
Email Address
Phone Number
Postal Address
Other information you voluntarily provided to us (e.g. sector, education, employment details, nationality etc)
Where you are a user of our online CPD tool. CPD information that you enter
Any CMI committees or communities that you may be a member of.
We use this information in the following ways:
To provide you with information about CMI events, newsletters, research, surveys, CMI communities that may be of interest to you, and such products or services that you request from us or which we feel may be of interest to you;
To provide you with services under your membership agreement or any other contract we make with you; and
To notify you about changes to our services.
We retain information about our members for the duration of their membership agreement and for a period of 12 months following the expiry of membership, except as required to protect our legitimate interests or those of third parties, or (as set out below) to enable us to attest qualifications or membership, after which time we will erase all data other than that needed to comply with our statutory and regulatory obligations.
Active learners
If you are a student or apprentice on a course that provides Chartered Manager accreditation we will receive the following information about you from you or your training provider or employer:
Title (e.g. Mr./Miss/ etc)
First Name
Surname
Date of Birth
Gender
University email address
Postal Address
Telephone Number
Start Date of Qualification
Expected Completion Date of Qualification
Expected Graduation Date
Your assignments
If you gain Chartered Manager status with CMI we may publish your name within the media in the year in which, or the year after, you achieve this status, in celebration of this achievement.
We will use your personal data during your course and for 12 months after it is completed to register you on the relevant CMI qualification and as an affiliate member of CMI, and to give you access to learning resources under our contract with your training provider or employer. Where this includes membership of CMI we will also use this information in the way described in "Members and Registered Users".
After that time, except as required for purposes connected with your continuing membership of CMI, protecting our legitimate interests or those of third parties, or (as set out below) to enable us to attest qualifications, we will erase all data other than that needed to comply with our statutory and regulatory obligations.
Attesting qualifications or membership
For former members and former learners we retain the information required to process certificates or to attest certificates as requested by you or on your behalf (e.g. for a new employer). This information includes replacement certificate record, record of lost/stolen/destroyed certificate, centre name, centre number, learner name, learner number, title of qualification completed, date of qualification completed, home address at time of qualification, date of birth, last known email address.
Who do we share personal data with?
CMI shares your personal information with the following categories of recipient;
Third party processors who host and process personal information on our behalf;
Regulators; CMI is an awarding body and is regulated by OFQUAL. Consequently we are required to register the details of Active Learners with OFQUAL at the point of certification and retain this information for audit and support reasons. Where relevant, we may also provide your information to the Education and Skills Funding Agency in order to apply for an apprenticeship certificate.
Security and Safeguards
CMI's systems are located inside the EEA and are managed and maintained in accordance with the UK Government's' Cyber Essentials standard.
We transfer personal data to third party processors outside the European Economic Area only after taking such steps as are required to ensure that Personal Data they process on our behalf receives protection equivalent to that provided in the EEA. Where processors are located outside the EEA either they are certified as compliant with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework (where they are located in the USA) or have entered into an agreement with us containing the model clauses approved by the European Commission as providing contractual protection equivalent to that provided by the data protection regulations applicable in the EEA. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, please visit www.privacyshield.gov.
Your Data Protection Rights
You can manage your CMI communication preferences at www.managers.org.uk/my-account or unsubscribe at the bottom of any non-essential emails you may receive from us.
You have the right to update and correct the personal information we hold about you. You also have the right to request from us all personal information that we hold that relates to you, to request restriction of the processing of that data and to request that we delete that data or object to continued processing where it is excessive or no longer required for the purpose for which it was collected. Where allowed by applicable law there may be an administrative charge for supply of copies of data and we may also require you to provide us with appropriate identification before we comply with this request. You may also have the right to data portability. If you have a complaint about the way in which we use your personal information you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner www.ico.gov.uk.
Contact us
The Chartered Management Institute is registered on the Information Commissioner’s register of data controllers, number Z5751624
You can contact us by writing to The Chartered Management Institute, Management House, Cottingham Road, Corby, NN17 1TT or by phoning our switchboard on 01536 207360.
Contact our Data Protection Officer at dpo@managers.org.uk.
We will update this policy from time to time to reflect changes in our business.