https://www.thelit.com/hospital-help-plan
Navigation
Skip to Content
Hospital Help Plan - lit
Breadcrumb
lit
Products
Health & Medical Benefits
Hospital Help Plan
Hospital Help Plan Header Banner
Money to help pay YOUR portion of medical bills or you can use your cash benefits however you see fit! Even with major medical coverage, Medicare, or Medicare supplement, a hospital stay often leaves a significant portion of the bill that’s yours.
Nested Applications
Hospital Help Plan Icon Header
Print Page
Hospital Help Plan To help pay towards your portion of doctor & hospital bills.
Hospital Help Plan Tabs
Overview Benefits Rates FAQs Terms SIGN UP NOW
Hospital Help Plan Overview No matter what insurance you have, your share of a hospital bill can quickly add up to hundreds - or even thousands - of dollars. Your American Legion Department Endorsed Hospital HELP Plan insurance pays cash benefits that will DOUBLE the longer your covered hospital stay. The Hospital HELP plan starts accruing cash benefits on the first day of your covered hospital stay. That means:
You can set up protection to give yourself (and your family) an extra stream of cash benefits... One that isn't tied to your medical insurance... Paying regardless of any other health plan... Putting money back in your wallet if you were sick or hurt and ended up in the hospital.
That means $50.00 a day paid from the first day you enter the hospital. Another $50.00 on day two. Another $50.00 on day three. $50.00 each and every day for 14 full days. Your cash benefits jump up to $100.00 a day on day 15. And they stay at that double-benefit $100.00 level ... paying you $100.00 day after day of your hospital stay... all the way through day 30. It pays FOUR TIMES as much $200.00 a day... starting on day 31. And those benefits do not go down. You stay at $200.00 a day. Every single day of your hospital stay. All the way until day 365 if needed. But what if you run into something really serious? Like cancer? Or a heart attack? Or a stay in the Intensive Care Unit? Medical bills can quickly escalate in those situations. Hospital HELP does, too. Your cash benefit DOUBLES for each day you are hospitalized due to cancer or are confined in the cardiac care or intensive care unit. That means $100.00 a day from day one. $200.00 a day starting on day 15. $400.00 a day from day 31. These benefit payments are sent directly to you (unless you tell us otherwise). Spend the money however you want. There will be no questions asked. But maybe you're wondering what happens if you get your care in a VA hospital. Hospital HELP stands strong for VA care, too. You get $50.00 a day for days 1-14 and $100 a day for days 15-30. Even if your VA care costs you nothing at all. NOTE: THIS IS NOT A MAJOR MEDICAL HEALTH INSURANCE POLICY. YOU SHOULD BE COVERED UNDER A MAJOR MEDICAL POLICY BEFORE PURCHASING SUPPLEMENTAL INSURANCE SUCH AS THIS OFFER. Securian Life Insurance Company, the provider of this coverage, is not connected with or endorsed by any government agency, including the U.S. Military or Veteran's Administration (CMS).
Sign Up Now
SIGN UP NOW
341032; 0118
Benefits–Paid REGARDLESS OF Medicare and Your Medical Insurance Hospital costs continue rising and there’s currently no end in sight. That’s why it’s so important to have a plan like the Legionnaire Hospital HELP Plan insurance coverage. The Legionnaire Endorsed Hospital HELP Plan steps forward with benefits for hospital stays, intensive care, cardiac care or care for cancer, rehabilitative facilities, and V.A. hospitals. Here’s how it works: The Legionnaire Endorsed Hospital HELP Plan starts accruing $50.00 a day from Day 1 of your hospital stay. That’s $350.00 paid straight to you if you stay a week. You’re in the hospital for cancer? Or you need extra care in an intensive or cardiac care unit? Your cash benefits DOUBLE to $100.00 a day … $700.00 a week. Your doctor wants you to continue your recovery in a rehabilitative facility? Your cash benefits continue with $50.00 a day sent straight to you on day one. Benefits continue to be paid to you each day up to day 100. Take a look at the benefits available through the Legionnaire Endorsed Hospital HELP Plan.
HOSPITAL CASH BENEFITS:
$50.00 PER DAY DAYS 1-14
$100.00 PER DAY DAYS 15-30
$200.00 PER DAY DAYS 31-365
CANCER, INTENSIVE OR CARDIAC CARE UNIT CASH BENEFITS*: *In lieu of hospital benefits
$100.00 PER DAY DAYS 1-14
$200.00 PER DAY DAYS 15-30
$400.00 PER DAY DAYS 31-365
VA CARE CASH BENEFITS*: *In lieu of hospital benefits. Paid for up to 30 days.
$50.00 PER DAY DAYS 1-14
$100.00 PER DAY DAYS 15-30
REHABILITATION CASH BENEFITS:
$50.00 PER DAY DAYS 1-100 Rehabilitative Facility after a hospital stay
SIGN UP NOW
341032; 0118
Monthly Rates for Legionnaires & Spouses
Member’s Age Member Only Member & Spouse
Under 50 $6.60 $13.20
50-64 $11.30 $22.60
65+ $12.90 $25.80
You will be billed monthly. Rates will include a $2.00 administrative fee if paying by credit card or a $1.00 administrative fee if paying by automatic checking withdrawal. Rates increase when you enter a higher age category as shown above. Rates and/or benefits may be changed on a class basis. Your Hospital HELP Plan insurance coverage starts the first day of the month after your enrollment form and first premium payment are received. You cannot be singled out for cancellation or an increase in your premiums due to a change in your health or occupation. Your benefits will continue in full force as long as you pay your premiums on time, remain a Legionnaire in good standing, and the Master Policy, under policy series 17-50955, remains in force. Residents of AK, CO, MT, NV, NH, VT, and WA will be issued individual policy form series 17-51094.
SIGN UP NOW
341032; 0118
Doesn’t Medicare or my Medical Insurance pay all of my hospital bills? Generally, the answer is “no.” Medicare was never designed to pay all your hospital costs. When you go to the hospital, Medicare and most major medical insurance plans require you to pay a deductible … co-payments … balance billing … and goods and services in the hospital not covered by your plan. As a result, your out-of-pocket hospital bills could add up to hundreds, if not thousands of dollars– even for a short stay. The Hospital HELP Plan pays you a flat indemnity payment to help with your non-medical, out-of-pocket costs while in the hospital. Securian Life Insurance Company, the provider of this coverage, is not connected with or endorsed by any government agency, including the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid. Do I need a medical exam to enroll? Absolutely not. There are NO medical exams or health questions involved when you sign up for this important program. As a Legionnaire, you (and your spouse) are GUARANTEED coverage – no matter what your age or health now. (subject to the pre-existing conditions provision.*) I’ve had health problems in the past. Can I still sign up? Yes. As soon as your coverage goes into effect, you are immediately covered for any new injuries or sicknesses. Any injury or sickness you’ve had in the last twelve months will not be covered until you’ve gone twelve consecutive months with no medical treatment or you’ve been covered by the Hospital HELP Plan for one continuous year, whichever happens first. If I go to the hospital many times, will I lose this coverage? No. It doesn’t matter how often you need to stay in the hospital. You can NEVER be singled out as an individual for cancellation or even a rate increase. So there is NO LIMIT to the number of claims you can make. What if I decide Hospital HELP Plan isn’t right for me? There’s no obligation with the program’s 30-Day Free Look. As soon as you sign up, we’ll send you a Certificate of Insurance. Look it over for a full 30 days. If you’re not complete satisfied, just let us know. We’ll cancel your coverage and give you a complete 100% refund of any premium you've paid as long as you haven’t made any claims during that time. *Pre-existing conditions are any injury or sickness for which medical advice, care or treatment was received during the twelve-month period (six-month in ID, NV and SD) immediately prior to the effective date.
SIGN UP NOW
341032; 0118
Your American Legion Department Endorsed Hospital HELP Plan does not pay benefits for the following:
Routine physical exam or Hospital Confinement for other than Injury or Sickness, or which is not Medically Necessary. Intentionally self-inflicted Injury, while sane or insane.(Missouri while sane) Treatment of a nervous or mental condition. Alcoholism or drug addiction. Injuries resulting from active military service. Dental care, except as a result of Injury to sound natural teeth. Well-baby care of a Newborn Dependent child. Treatment or service rendered in any Hospital or Convalescent Facility owned or operated by the Federal Government where, in the absence of insurance, there is no legal obligation to pay. Declared or undeclared war or any act of war. Pregnancy (except Complications of Pregnancy, as defined in this Policy). Expenses incurred or care received outside of the United States. Participating in a riot; or committing an assault or felony.
Benefits will be limited for hospitals owned or operated by the national government, up to 30 days per period of confinement. All new injuries or illnesses will be covered immediately after your Hospital HELP coverage goes into effect. Any injury or sickness for which medical advice, care or treatment was received during the consecutive twelve-month period immediately prior to the insured person’s Effective Date will not be covered until the date the insured person has gone for twelve consecutive months with no medical treatment for that condition or has been insured under the Group Policy for one continuous year, whichever occurs first. These materials provide a brief description of the benefits available. Complete details may be found in the Group Policy No. 9400/9401/9402. Some provisions, benefits, exclusions or limitations may vary depending on your state of residence. Endorsed by: Your Department of The American Legion
Offered by: A.G.I.A., Inc. Underwritten by: Securian Life Insurance Company, St. Paul, MN 55101 Administered by: A.G.I.A., Inc. P.O. Box 9159, Phoenix, AZ 85068 Questions? Call toll-free 1-800-235-6943
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO PERSONS ON MEDICARE THIS POLICY OR CERTIFICATE DUPLICATES SOME MEDICARE BENEFITS This is not a Medicare Supplement Insurance Policy This insurance pays a fixed amount, regardless of your expenses, if you meet the policy conditions, for one of the specific diseases or health conditions named in the policy. It does not pay your Medicare deductibles or coinsurance and is not a substitute for a Medicare Supplement insurance policy. This insurance duplicates Medicare benefits because Medicare generally pays for most of the expenses for the diagnosis and treatment of the specific condition or diagnoses named in the policy. Medicare pays extensive benefits for medically necessary services regardless of the reason you need them. These include:
Hospitalization Physician services Hospice Outpatient prescription drugs if you are enrolled in Medicare Part D Other approved items and services
Before You Buy This Insurance
Check the coverage in all health insurance policies you already have. CFor more information about Medicare and Medicare Supplement insurance, review the Guide to Health Insurance for People with Medicare, available from the insurance company. For help in understanding your insurance, contact your state insurance department or state health insurance assistance program (SHIP).
Securian is not connected with or endorsed by any government agency, including the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid (CMS).
SIGN UP NOW
341032; 0118
341032; 0118
Hospital Help Plan Sidebar Content
TAKE A CLOSER LOOK AT NO OBLIGATION You won't risk one penny by signing up for the Legionnaire Hospital HELP Plan insurance today. That's because you can take a 30-Day “Free Look.” As soon as your coverage is approved, we'll mail your Certificate of Insurance outlining the full terms and conditions of this exclusive Legionnaire program. Take up to 30 days to look it over. If it wasn't what you had in mind, just mail back the Certificate. We'll close your benefit file and issue a complete refund off all premiums paid. No questions asked.
Privacy Policy
×
Privacy Policy Content 2020
Privacy Policy You want to keep your personal information, well, personal. Here at AGIA Affinity (“AGIA”), we understand this and we work hard to keep information about your use of this website safe. Protecting your privacy when you use this website is our way of ensuring your trust in the programs we offer. This Privacy Policy describes the personal information we collect and how we use that information that you may provide through this website. This notice contains the following sections:     1. Personal Information We Collect     2. How We Use Your Personal Information         A. Internal Uses         B. Disclosure to Third Parties     3. Do Not Track     4. Email     5. Links to Other Sites     6. Questions About Your Information      7. California Consumer Privacy Act: Privacy Policy for California Residents         A. Sale of Personal Information         B. Your Rights Under the California Consumer Privacy Act         C. Personal Information We Collect, Sources and How We Use It         D. Exercising Your Rights as a California Consumer     8. Revisions and Notification of Changes California residents can reference Section 7 to find specific information about their privacy rights under the laws of the state of California.  We take the privacy of your personal information very seriously and we will use your personally identifiable information only in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. Personally Identifiable Information (“Personal Information”) means any information that could reasonably be used to identify you, including your name, address, birth dates, financial information, telephone number, social media contact information, or any combination of information that could be used to identify you. We will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information or a list of our customers to third parties. However, as described in more detail below, there are limited circumstances in which some of your information will be shared with third parties under strict restrictions, so it is important for you to review this Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to all services that are offered through the website.  By accepting this Privacy Policy, you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information in the manner described in this Privacy Policy. By consent, you are acknowledging that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and agree to be bound by it. If you do not agree with the terms of the Privacy Policy, please do not access our website. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the terms of the website Terms of Service. The following discloses our website information gathering and use practices and is limited to the protection and use of personal information collected by us in the online environment. Your access to and use of our website are subject to this Privacy Policy and any other terms of use or policies posted by us.  Please review this privacy statement carefully to understand what information we collect on the website, how it is used, and how you can work with us if you have a concern about your privacy. Please note that this website is not designed for use by children nor does the website seek to collect information on children who may visit the site.    1. Personal Information We Collect  There is an opportunity on our website for you to voluntarily provide us with personal information for inquiring about AGIA’s business. For example, we will need personal information from you when you submit a question online, or request product information. This information includes your name and e-mail address. We use your voluntarily provided personal information to provide you exceptional service and to create a more meaningful visit for you at this website.   By providing us with personal information so we may assist you on this website, you are "opting-in" to receive future communication from the website concerning information on products, promotions, or other services that we believe would be of interest to you. If, at any time, you receive a communication from the website that is unrelated to a transaction you have initiated and you would like not be contacted again, please contact us using the procedures outlined below under "Questions About Your Information" to "opt-out" from future communications.  We reserve the right to use your personal information for market research purposes to better serve you but we will not sell your voluntarily provided information and will not share it with unauthorized persons or organizations. When you visit this website, we collect and store non-identifying information about your visit. The information we collect may include the time and length of your visit, the pages you look at on our site, and the site you visited just before coming to ours. We may also record the name of your Internet Service Provider (ISP) or your Internet Protocol (IP) Address. We use this aggregate information to measure site activity as well as to generate ideas for enhancing our website to serve you. This information is not specific to any individual and is anonymized to prevent personal identification.    2. How We Use Your Personal Information A. Internal Uses We collect, store and process your personal information on servers located in the United States. We use the information we collect about you in order to provide our services, process your transactions, and provide customer service. We provide access to personal information about our customers only to those employees who require it to provide our services, process customer payments and provide customer service. I. Cookies. We may utilize website cookies to collect this information. A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier, which is sent to your browser from a website’s computer and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies can be used to provide you with a tailored user experience and to make it easier for you to use a website upon a future visit. We may include cookies on our website and use them to recognize you when you return to our website. You may set your browser so that it does not accept cookies; however, certain features of our sites may not function properly or be available if your browser is configured to disable cookies. II. Web Beacons. Some pages on our site, as well as pages where our banner ads appear, and certain emails we send, may contain electronic images known as Web beacons, or single-pixel GIFs. These Web beacons collect certain types of non-personally identifiable information, such as a visitor's cookie number, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page where the Web beacon is placed. The Web beacons are used to compile and aggregate statistics that help us improve the effectiveness of our advertising and make our site easier to use. The information collected using these Web beacons does not identify individual users to our site.   B. Disclosure to Third Parties This website does not sell or rent any of your personal information to affiliates or unaffiliated third parties. We will not share any of your personal information with third parties except in the circumstances described below or with your permission.  •    We disclose personal information with third parties that we in good faith believe is appropriate to cooperate in investigations of suspected fraud or other illegal activity, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or to conduct investigations of violations of the website’s Terms of Use or the Terms of Service Agreement, or as otherwise required by law.  •    Certain federal, state and local laws or government regulations may require us to disclose non-public personal information about you. In these circumstances, we will use reasonable efforts to disclose only the information required by law, subpoena or court order to be disclosed.  •    We disclose information to your agent or legal representative (such as the holder of a power of attorney that you grant, or a guardian appointed for you).  •    As with any other business, it is possible that in the future we could merge with or be acquired by another company. If such an acquisition occurs, the successor company would have access to personal information maintained by us, including customer account information, but would continue to be bound by this Privacy Policy unless and until it is amended.  •    As otherwise permitted by federal or state law.    3. Do Not Track Some internet browsers offer the user a “Do Not Track” technology. The Do Not Track (DNT) header is the HTTP header field DNT that requests that a web application disable either its tracking or cross-site user tracking of an individual user. At the current time, this website does not have the capability of recognizing a “Do Not Track” request.   4. Email The website does not automatically recognize your e-mail address. You only receive e-mail from us if you check a box indicating an interest in a particular e-list or if you provide an e-mail address for a customer service inquiry and need an answer via e-mail. We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail and online forms, including those who specifically check a box to subscribe on our online forms (for example, request for information on this website). Any user who signs up for e-mails can unsubscribe or manage his/her subscription by linking to the personal URL e-mailed to all subscribers. Every e-mail sent also includes information about how to stop receiving e-mails from us. We do not share the e-mail addresses we collect with similar benefits organizations.   5. Links to Other Sites For the convenience of our visitors and customers, this website may contain links to other sites. While we generally try to link only to sites that share similar high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content, products or services offered or the privacy and security practices employed by these other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by this website.   6. Questions About Your Information If you have any questions about this privacy policy or your personal information, please contact AGIA customer service at (800) 424-5181. If you would prefer to communicate with us by regular mail, please use the following address: AGIA Affinity Office of Administration P.O. Box 26450 Phoenix, AZ 85068 To protect your privacy, any personal information we obtain from you is protected using the best available technology. Your product information requests are encrypted when sent to our customer service center for fulfillment; we use a secure server to safeguard the information you provide to us when asking a customer service question and when you enroll online; and all online enrollment information fulfilled by our customer service center is protected by Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to ensure your data is encrypted and safe from view by unauthorized parties. In order to ensure secure web pages in your browser using SSL, we've acquired a security certificate from one of the Internet's leaders in secure web technology verification. The Security Certificate SecureSite seal ensures that we are handling all of your transaction information securely and with the utmost care.   7. California Consumer Privacy Act: Privacy Policy for California Residents This section describes the rights of California residents under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). The CCPA requires that we provide privacy information to California residents and we use this separate section to ensure compliance with the CCPA’s requirements.  A. Sale of Personal Information Personal Information is information that identifies, relates to or could reasonably be linked with a particular California resident or household. We do not sell your personal information.  The CCPA requires disclosure of this fact.  B. Your Rights Under the California Consumer Privacy Act I. Rights and Choices Regarding Personal Information Disclosures You may have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of personal information over the last twelve months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you the following: a.) the categories of personal information we collected about you; b.) the categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you; c.) our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information; d.)the categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information; e.) the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you; and f.) if we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose certain list information will be disclosed. II. Right to Opt-Out AGIA does not sell your personal information, and is therefore not required to create an opt-out option. III. Right to Non-Discrimination AGIA will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under the CCPA. Examples of discrimination could be charging you inflated rates, denying you service or delivering a poor level of customer service for exercising your rights. Any acts of discrimination are prohibited by the CCPA and AGIA will not engage in them. IV. Right to Delete Personal Information  You have the right to request that we delete the personal information that we have collected about you. We will comply with all requests, except in cases where such deletion would render your requested product unusable, in which case AGIA will work closely with you to achieve satisfactory results. AGIA may also deny data deletion requests if legal or regulatory obligations prevent us from doing so or if we have reason to believe the request is fraudulent.  C. Personal Information We Collect, Sources and How We Use It Sections 1 and 2 of our privacy policy outline the personal information we collect, its sources and how we use it for all consumers we interact with, including California residents. In effect, it is used to provide and manage products and services we provide and support our everyday operations, including risk management, legal and compliance requirements. D. Exercising Your Rights as a California Consumer You, or a person authorized by you to act on your behalf, or an entity registered with the California Secretary of State and authorized by you to act on your behalf, can make a request regarding your personal information under the CCPA. You may also make a request on behalf of your minor child. If you would like to exercise your right to request a copy of your personal information or your right to delete your personal information, please contact AGIA customer service by calling (800) 424-5181, or utilize regular mail by using the following address:  AGIA Affinity Office of Administration  P.O. Box 26450 Phoenix, AZ  85068 8. Revisions and Notification of Changes We reserve the right to change or supplement this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the changes on this website. By using this website, you accept the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and you agree to review this Privacy Policy from time to time to stay informed of changes that may occur. This Privacy Policy also applies to personal information that we maintain on former customers. If we make any changes regarding disclosure of personal information to third parties, we will attempt to contact you prior to the date the modified policy is scheduled to take effect. We will post notice of the new Privacy Policy from the privacy links on our website. Your use of the website following such change constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the Privacy Policy as changed.
Terms Of Use
×
Terms of Use
TERMS OF USE DISCLAIMER Information contained in or accessed from this A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates website is provided on an "as is" basis. A.G.I.A., Inc. does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of this information, and expressly disclaims liability for errors or omissions in this information. No warranties of any kind are given in connection with this information, express or implied, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, or freedom from computer virus. In no event will A.G.I.A., Inc. be liable for any direct or indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages, losses (including lost profits), or expenses arising out of or in connection with use of its website, any failure of performance, interruption, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, loss of data or otherwise, even if A.G.I.A., Inc. has been advised of the possibility of such damages, losses or expenses. PRODUCT INFORMATION All information contained in this A.G.I.A., Inc. website, including product and carrier information, policy premiums, terms and product fees, is for informational purposes only and is subject to change at any time without prior notice. Your eligibility for particular products or services is subject to final determination and acceptance by the underwriting company. Complete product information, including terms and conditions of coverage, is provided at the time of application. DEFINITIONS The following defined terms are used in these Terms and Conditions: "Payee" means the merchant or other entity to which you authorize a bill payment to be directed. "Payee Account" means the billing account with the merchant or other entity to which you authorize a bill payment to be directed. It may be represented by an account number, policy number, access number or code, or other number used by the merchant to identify your account. "Payment Instruction" means your instruction and authorization to make a bill payment to a Payee. "Payment Account" means the bank account that you authorize A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates to debit by electronic funds transfer when you make your bill payment using account information from your personal checking or savings account. "Payment Card" means the credit card or debit card that you instruct A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates to charge to pay your bill payment. "Business Day" means Monday through Friday, excluding Federal Reserve holidays. BILL PAYMENT SERVICE When you initiate a Payment instruction, you authorize A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates to charge your payment card or debit your payment account and remit funds to the Payee. If we are unable to obtain funds for a bill payment for any reason associated with your Payment Card or Payment Account (for example, there is not a sufficient balance available on your Payment Card or in your Payment Account to cover the transaction), then we will not be able to complete your bill payment transaction. If there is a problem in processing your Payment Instruction, A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates may attempt to contact you, using the telephone number you have provided to A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates. If A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates makes a bill payment to your Payee Account but is unable to obtain funds for that payment from your Payment Card or Payment Account, you agree that your bill payment to your Payee Account will be reversed. You agree that from time to time the Payment services contemplated under this Agreement may be inaccessible or inoperable for any reason, including, without limitation: (i) equipment malfunctions; (ii) periodic maintenance procedures or repairs which may be undertaken from time to time; or (iii) causes beyond A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates control or which are not reasonably foreseeable to A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates. OUR LIABILITY FOR FAILURE TO COMPLETE TRANSACTIONS A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates will use commercially reasonable efforts to process your bill payments in accordance with your Payment Instructions. However, A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates shall incur no liability if a bill payment is not made in a timely manner or if it is unable to complete any payments initiated by you through the A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates Bill Payment Service because of the existence of any one or more of the following circumstances: • Sufficient funds are not available through your Payment Account or your Payment Card; • Failure of any Payee to account correctly for or credit the payment in a timely manner, or otherwise mishandle or delay the payment; • The A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates Bill Payment Service is not working properly and you know or have been advised by A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates about the malfunction before you execute the transaction; • You do not provide A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates with all required information to complete the bill payment, such as your correct name, telephone number, or your complete and correct Payee account information; or • Circumstances over which A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates has no control including, but not limited to large-scale technical malfunctions, including, but not limited to loss of access to the Internet or loss of access to the Federal Reserve System, prolonged outages of phone lines, electricity or similar infrastructure, acts of God, war, riot, civil disobedience or similar events of insurrection, governmental or court orders, regulatory or legislative changes by any local, state or federal governmental agency, strikes, work stoppages, or other similar occurrences or circumstances. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY In the absence of any of the exclusions set forth above, it shall be A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates responsibility to correct any transactions not completed in accordance with your Payment Instructions. In the event that A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates is unable to correct the transaction, we shall refund the amount of funds received from you and this refund shall constitute your sole remedy. In no event shall A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates liability to you ever exceed the amount of funds that we receive from your Payment Account or Payment Card for a bill payment. The foregoing shall constitute A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates entire liability and your exclusive remedy. The use of this payment service is at your sole risk. In no event shall A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates be liable for any other loss, injury, or damages, whether direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, or exemplary, including lost profits (even if advised of the possibility thereof) arising in any way out of your use of the bill payment service. Except as otherwise explicitly set forth herein, we specifically disclaim and you understand that we make no warranties or representations of any kind, expressed or implied and the same are hereby excluded from these terms and conditions and all transactions contemplated hereby. Some states prohibit the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, thus this limitation of liability may not apply to you. USER AUTHENTICATION AND SECURITY A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates Bill Payment Service has been designed in compliance with the Payment Card Industry (PCI) data security standards so that no one can access your Payment Account without proper user authentication. If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your personal information, including your Payment Account number, and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities you initiate or that you authorize to be initiated or that are authorized utilizing your payment account or from your computer. You are solely responsible for all bill payments you authorize using Bill Payment Service. If you permit other persons to use your Bill Payment Service or your bill payment authentication responses or other means to initiate a Payment Instruction on your behalf, you are solely responsible for any transactions they authorize. If you believe that your authentication information or other personal information have been lost or stolen or that someone may attempt to use your Bill Payment Service without your consent, you must notify A.G.I.A., Inc. at once by calling (800) 424-5181 during normal customer service hours. CHARGES Transaction charges, if any, for using the Bill Payment Service may vary depending upon the Payee and permissible charges allowed in a particular state. These charges will be disclosed to you prior to your Payment Instruction. By submitting your Payment Instruction, you agree to pay these transaction charges. There may be a charge for additional transactions and other optional services. You agree to pay such charges and authorize A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates to charge your designated Payment Card or debit your Payment Account for these amounts and any additional charges that may be incurred by you. You are responsible for any and all fees and charges that you may incur. GOVERNING LAW These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of the state of California without regard to that state's conflicts of laws provisions and by applicable Federal laws and regulations. WAIVERS No delay or omission by us in exercising any rights or remedies under these Terms and Conditions will impair such right or remedy or be construed as a waiver of any such right or remedy. If we exercise any right or remedy, in whole or in part, that exercise will not prevent us from any further or future exercise of such right or remedy or any other right or remedy. No waiver will be valid unless in writing signed by us. DISCLOSURES & CONSENT TO ELECTRONIC TRANSACTIONS / ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE
By entering this website and agreeing to be bound by this Agreement, you are providing your affirmative consent to the use of an electronic signature to authenticate the insurance transaction in electronic form. You understand and agree that the insurance company will rely on your electronic signature to process and effect insurance transactions.
You acknowledge that you understand that you are not obligated to enter into transactions electronically and that you have a right to conduct insurance transactions in paper format if you wish. By entering this website and agreeing to be bound by this Agreement, you affirmatively consent to conduct transactions in electronic form. If you wish to conduct insurance transactions in paper form, please contact your association/policyholder or its representatives. There is no charge to you for requesting a paper transaction.
When you have successfully entered your enrollment information and have selected "I Accept" on the website confirmation page, you will be given the opportunity to print a paper copy of your insurance elections free of charge. Please print a paper copy of your insurance elections for your records because if you will not be able to access your enrollment information on the Site after your enrollment. If you wish to confirm or make changes to your coverage or beneficiary elections after your enrollment, you must contact the A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates Endorsed Insurance Program Office of Administration. You understand and agree that requests for change submitted to Carrier or the Site will not be valid or take legal effect after the end of your enrollment.
Once you have given consent for an electronic transaction, you may withdraw your consent only if Carrier has not taken action in reliance on your consent. To update your contact information or to withdraw your consent to an electronic transaction, you may contact your Administrator by calling (800) 424-5181. There is no fee charged for such requests. However, your withdrawal of consent shall not diminish the legal effectiveness or enforcement of any transaction agreed to prior to your withdrawal of consent. If you withdraw consent after your enrollment, your insurance will remain effective until your request for cancellation is received by the group policyholder or its representative.
You agree that your electronic signature authorizes The Underwriting Carrier(s) or its authorized representatives:
to process this insurance transaction at your request and any future transactions that may be needed to administer and help keep in force your coverage under the insurance policy. For example, we will rely on your electronic signature to authorize us to process your request for insurance coverage(s) and beneficiary designation(s) made during your enrollment.
to process, as applicable:
a billing transaction, including but not limited to: processing a payment by credit card using the credit card number you have provided; processing an electronic bank draft using the checking account number you have provided; or sending you a billing statement at the address you have provided; or
a billing transaction with your financial institution to deduct the appropriate amount from your account.
to communicate with you by mail, telephone or electronically by sending to you communications including, but not limited to, any and all types of electronic communication by email, fax, mail and telephone.
After you enroll, you understand and agree that you will not have access to your electronic enrollment record. You may print a confirmation of your enrollment election at the time of enrollment, or you may contact your Administrator for confirmation after your enrollment period ends.
USER REPRESENTATION You represent and warrant to A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates that: (a) you over the age of eighteen (18) and have the power and authority to enter into an perform your obligations under this Agreement; (b) all information provided by you to A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates is truthful, accurate and complete; (c) you are the authorized signatory of the credit or charge card provided to pay fees contemplated herein; (d) you shall comply with all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and (e) you have provided and will continue to provide accurate and complete registration information, including, without limitation, your legal name, address and telephone number. ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates provide information and services on this website, and all layouts, materials, designs, and images on this website are copyrighted or proprietary to A.G.I.A., Inc., its affiliated companies and/or third party service providers. As a condition of your use of this website and the services, you agree that you will not use the contents of this website in any other website or in a network computer environment. All uses of this website apart from educational, informational and enrollment purposes are strictly prohibited. In addition, as a further condition of your use of this website and the services, you agree that you will not use the website or services to infringe the intellectual property rights of A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates in any way; use the website or services to modify or manipulate the website or services or any of A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates hardware or software to invade the privacy of, or obtain private information concerning any enrollee or applicant of Carrier, or to erase or damage any information contained on the computer or the information of any user connected to this website or the services, or to reveal any portion of this website or the services. Furthermore, you agree that you will not use the website or services to introduce viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other malicious, destructive or harmful codes or programs, and you agree that you will take every precaution not to introduce these harmful codes into the website and services. You agree that the materials and services on this website are provided "as is" and for informational purposes only. You understand that neither Carrier nor A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates makes any representations or warranties that the materials are suitable for your needs, are complete, timely, reliable, or are free from errors, inaccuracies or typographical mistakes. The information contained on this website was believed to be accurate at the time it was placed on the website. Carrier and A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates periodically update the information on the website, but disclaim any responsibility to do so. Therefore, you understand and agree that Carrier and A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates take no responsibility for the timeliness, accuracy or applicability of the information at the time it may be accessed and that Carrier and A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability of fitness for a particular purpose or of non-infringement of other's rights. You understand and agree that neither Carrier nor A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates is engaged in rendering legal, tax, insurance benefits or any other advice through this website or services. Your insurance needs are highly individual, and Carrier and A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates do not represent themselves as giving financial advice or advice on your individual insurance needs through this website and services. You understand and agree that you should consult your own attorney and financial advisor(s) for advice in these areas. You understand and agree that the information on Carrier's insurance products as described in this website is not complete and does not change or affect the insurance policies as actually issued. Although you have been provided with a description of benefits, you understand that only the insurance policy issued to the policyholder (your association) can fully describe all of the provisions, terms, conditions, limitations and exclusions of your insurance coverage. In the event of any difference between the information on the website and services, the benefit highlights, and the insurance policy, the terms of the insurance policy apply. You understand and agree that insurance will not be valid or in force with respect to you or your dependents if any such person is not eligible in accordance with the terms of the group policy issued to your association/policyholder. You acknowledge and agree that if group participation requirements are not met, the insurance policy will not be issued and the elected coverage(s) will not be in force. You understand that this website and the Payment services contemplated hereunder may be performed by third-party vendors. If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be illegal or unenforceable, then such provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the other provisions will remain fully effective and enforceable. If you choose not to accept these Terms of Service, you will not be enrolled. You acknowledge that you have read the A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates Privacy Policy on the A.G.I.A., Inc. and/or its affiliates website. RATE INFORMATION Rates quoted online represent the best available rate based on age, gender, state of residence, preliminary health questions and a number of other personal indicators. The rates shown are sample rate quotes, not offers of insurance, and may not be available to all persons, based on the underwriting company's eligibility requirements. The rates shown are subject to change without notice at any time. REVISIONS We reserve the right to change or supplement this Terms of Service Agreement at any time by posting the changes on this website. By using this website, you accept the terms and conditions of this Terms of Service Agreement and you agree to review this Terms of Service Agreement from time to time to stay informed of changes that may occur. This Terms of Service Agreement also applies to personal information that we maintain on former customers.