https://www.lincolnelectric.com/en-us/company/legal/Pages/cookie-policy.aspx
Home > Company > Legal >
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
LegalTerms and ConditionsAutomation Solutions Arc Welding Products & ServicesPurchase of MaterialsWCTA Terms and Conditions of SaleWebsite Terms of UsePoliciesCookie PolicyCopyright PolicyCustomer Assistance PolicyPrivacy PolicySupplier PolicyWarrantyGeneralCA Supply Chains ActConflict MineralsInsurance VerificationThe Modern Slavery ActUK Tax StrategyLincoln Electric PatentsRevised TLV for ManganeseHARRIS Flux PatentsYour order and COVID-19 situationCOVID 19 Update at Lincoln ElectricTerms & Conditions - Additive SolutionsCalifornia Consumer Privacy Act
Last Updated: November 2020
The Lincoln Electric Company (“Lincoln Electric”), and any affiliated or subsidiary company, (“Lincoln Electric”, “us” or “we”) respects your privacy and is committed to being transparent about the technologies we use.
This Cookie Policy explains our use of Cookies and other tracking technologies, including, but not limited to web beacons, pixels, clear gifs, and other similar technologies (collectively, “Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies”) on any website or app that posts a link to this Cookie Policy (collectively, the “Site”)
WHAT ARE COOKIES AND OTHER ONLINE TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
Cookies are small files that are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. The cookie then sends information back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognizes that cookie. The Other Tracking Technologies work similarly to Cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our Site. Accordingly, Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies allow our Site to recognize your device from those of other users of the Site and therefore let you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improving the user experience. The information provided below about Cookies also applies to these Other Tracking Technologies. You can find more information about Cookies at: www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu.
Cookies are often categorized by function. We use four types of Cookies by function on our Site:
Name
Description
Essential Cookies
These are Cookies that are strictly necessary for the functioning of a website or for performing services that an individual user has requested. For instance, these Cookies are necessary to allow us to operate our Site so you may access them as you have requested. These Cookies let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged into that account to access Site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our Site.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These Cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These Cookies are used only to improve how a website functions.
Functional Cookies
These Cookies allow the website to remember choices users make and to provide enhanced, personalized features. For example, on our Site, these Cookies remember users’ language preferences.
Targeting/Advertising Cookies
Targeting/advertising Cookies are Cookies used to deliver advertisements relevant to the user. They remember that a user has visited a website and share this information with other organizations such as advertising vendors
Cookies can also be categorized by how long they remain on your device, and by who puts the Cookie there. There are two broad categories of duration and placement Cookies that we used on the Site:
Name
Description
Persistent Cookies
Persistent Cookies remain on your device until deleted manually or automatically.
Session Cookies
Session Cookies remain on your device until you close your browser when they are automatically deleted.
First party Cookies
Cookies placed by the party operating the website. For example, any Cookies we (Lincoln Electric) place on your computer from our Site are first party Cookies.
Third party Cookies
Cookies placed from a website by a party that does not own or operate that website.
HOW DOES OUR SITE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
Lincoln Electric uses Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences, to facilitate our marketing, and to track your use of our Site. We also use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies to control access to certain content on our Site, protect the Site, and to process any requests that you make of us. To administer our Site and for research purposes, Lincoln Electric also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyze statistical usage and volume information from our Site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us to improve the user experience, manage the content on our Site, and analyze how users navigate and utilize the Site. Here are the Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies we use on the Site:
Cookie Name
Source
Type
Expiration
Category
Google Tag Manager
Google
First party
24 months
Essential
Live Help
LiveHelpNow!
First party
Session
Essential
Google AdWords
Google
Third party
30 Days
Advertising
ShareThis
ShareThis Inc
Third party
12 Days
Advertising
BingAds
Microsoft Inc
Third party
6 months
Advertising
CrazyEgg
Crazy Egg Inc
First party
31 days
Analytics
HotJar
Hotjar Lmt.
First party
Session
Analytics
Google Analytics
Google
First party
24 months
Analytics
Google Ads. We use the Google Ads online marketing service to display search advertisements and to track when a visitor has accessed our Site via a Google ad. If you click on a Google ad, Google stores a conversion tracking cookie on your device. These Cookies expire after 30 days and contain no personal data. If you wish to prevent Google Ads conversion tracking, you can set your browser to block Cookies from googleadservices.com.
Bing Ads. We use the Bing Ads online marketing service provided by Microsoft to display search advertisements and to track when a visitor has accessed our Site via a Bing ad. If you click on a Bing ad, Microsoft Bing Ads stores a conversion tracking cookie on your device. These Cookies are only used to track the number of users who click the Bing ad and are forwarded to the target page (conversion page). If you wish to prevent Bing Ads conversion tracking, click on the following link: https://choice.microsoft.com/en-US/opt-out. Further information about Microsoft’s privacy policy can be found on the Microsoft website at https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-US/privacystatement.
Log Files: The Site uses Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses to analyze trends, administer the Site, track user movements, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We do not link IP addresses to personally identifiable information unless you have logged into your myLincoln account, in which case your IP address will be linked to your myLincoln UserID. An Internet Service Provider ("ISP") typically assigns a random dynamic IP address at the time of your connection. For local area network ("LAN"), DSL, or cable modem users, a static IP address may be permanently assigned to a particular computer. We may record the IP addresses of visitors to the Site.
LOCATION OF INFORMATION PROCESSING. The information collected by our Cookies is processed in servers located in the United States.
SHARING INFORMATION. The information we gather from our Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies will be shared in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
REJECTING COOKIES AND YOUR OPTIONS.
You can prohibit Lincoln Electric from using non-essential Cookies by clicking here:
In addition, you can stop Cookies from being downloaded on your device by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. Most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new Cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable existing Cookies. You can find out how to do this for your particular browser by clicking “help” on your browser's menu or by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org.
Please note, however, that without Cookies you may not be able to access or take full advantage of all our Site features.
Most browsers allow users to use a “private mode” by which Cookies are deleted after your website visit.
Please read the help section of your browser to learn more about how to activate the “private mode.”
You could still visit our website if your browser is in “private mode”; however, the user experience may not be optimal and some utilities may not work.
If you want to remove previously-stored Cookies, you can manually delete the Cookies at any time. However, this will not prevent the Site from placing further Cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
COOKIE POLICY UPDATES.
If we change our Cookie Policy, we will post those changes on this page and update the Cookie Policy modification date above. If we materially change this Cookie Policy in a way that affects how we use or disclose your personal information, we will notify you by prominently posting a notice of such changes before making them and by stating the effective date of the changes.
HAVE QUESTIONS?
If you have any questions about our Cookie Policy, we'll do our best to answer them. You can email us at privacy@lincolnelectric.com or contact us at the following address:
The Lincoln Electric Company
ATTN: Data Privacy
22801 St. Clair Avenue
Cleveland, OH 44117
Server: 104
Environment: production
Timestamp: 12/11/2020 7:40:17 AM
Cache Profile: anon
Username: (empty)
Software Version: WebSetup2.0.08059_11_3_2020_1_09_AM
Page Layout: Not a SharePoint Page
SessionID: tqzcksjdbjhb04gixxfaygtb
Locale LCID: 1033 Locale Name: en-US