https://www.simplyinsured.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important so Ten 250 Corporation ("SimplyInsured") has created the following Privacy Policy to let you know what information we collect when you visit the service that we make available on our websites on which this Privacy Policy is displaced (collectively, the "Service" or "SimplyInsured Service"), why we collect that information, and ho we use and disclose it. The terms "you," "your," and "yours" refer to the user of the Service. The terms "SimplyInsured," "we," "us," and "our" refer to SimplyInsured. This privacy policy is incorporated into and is subject to our Terms and Conditions. By using SimplyInsured or otherwise using the Service, you agree to this Privacy Policy, including the data practices described herein.
What Information Is Collected?
SimplyInsured collects the following information from you when you use the Service:
1. User-Provided Information: You may provide to SimplyInsured what is generally called "personally identifiable" information (which is information that allows us to directly identify you, such as your name, e-mail address, postal mailing address, or home/mobile telephone number, as well as any information that we combine directly with such identifying information) when using the Service, such as when you enter search queries, or, if registration functionality is provided, when you register for the Service and/or create a profile. At this time, we do not allow users to register for the Service or create a profile.
2. Cookies Information: When you use the Service, we may send one or more cookies small pieces of information containing a string of alphanumeric characters to your computer or your mobile device. We use cookies to collect, store, and sometimes track information for statistical purposes to improve the services we provide. SimplyInsured may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser or one of our mobile apps. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser or the mobile app and may be used by your browser or the mobile app on subsequent visits to the Service. Persistent cookies generally can be removed. Please review the appropriate 'Help' file in your Web browser or your mobile device to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings. Please note that if you delete, or choose not to accept, cookies from the Service, you may not be able to utilize the features of the Service to their fullest potential.
3. Automatically Collected Information: When you use the Service, we may automatically record certain information from your web browser and/or our mobile apps by using different types of technology, including standard log files or web beacons. This automatically collected information may include your Internet Protocol address, device model and/or type, device address or ID, location, web browser, the web pages or sites that you visit just before or just after the Service, the pages you view on the Service, the searches you run on the Service, the dates and times that you visit the Service, and other information regarding how you use the Service.
4. Links to Third Party Services: We may also include links to third party services on the Service, such as links to websites where you may book travel. Those third parties may read and write cookies to your browser, or implement similar tracking mechanisms, in connection with your viewing of their content. This information is collected directly by the third party, and SimplyInsured does not participate in that data transmission, nor is SimplyInsured responsible for the privacy practices or content of such third party services. Information collected by third parties in this manner is subject to that third party's own data collection, use, and disclosure policies.
5. Information from Other Sources: We may also obtain information, including personally identifiable information, from third parties and sources other than the Service, such as the third party service providers to which we link or who link to us or our advertising partners. If we combine or associate information from other sources with personally identifiable information that we collect through the Service, we will treat the combined information as personally identifiable information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
How Is Such Information Used?
SimplyInsured uses the information you provide or that we collect to develop, operate, maintain, enhance, and provide all of the features and services found on the Service now and in the future, to develop new products and services, and for other administrative purposes.
For example:
1. SimplyInsured uses the information that you provide or that we collect to understand and analyze the usage trends and preferences of our users, to improve the way the SimplyInsured Service works and looks, and to create new features and functionality.
2. SimplyInsured may use automatically collected information and cookies information, alone or in combination with other information we have collected from you, to: (a) personalize our services, such as remembering your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you use the Service; (b) provide customized offers, content, and information to you on the Service or elsewhere; (c) monitor and analyze the effectiveness of the Service; (d) monitor aggregate site usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages viewed; and (e) track your searches and status in any promotions or other activities.
Is the Information Shared or Disclosed?
Except as described in this Privacy Policy, SimplyInsured does not rent, sell or share personally identifiable information it collects about you to or with third parties.
We may provide personally identifiable information to third parties for their use in performing internal business functions (e.g., payment processing, maintenance, security, data analysis, email transmission, or data hosting) on our behalf. We require such third parties to agree to only use your personally identifiable information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and for no other purpose than to provide services to us.
We also may share some or all of our users' personally identifiable information with our present or future affiliates (including a parent company, subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us), in which case we will seek to require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy.
SimplyInsured may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (1) conform to the edicts of the law, comply with legal process served on SimplyInsured, or take precautions against liability; (2) protect SimplyInsured and others from fraudulent, abusive, predatory, or unlawful uses or activity; (3) investigate and defend SimplyInsured against any third party claims or allegations; (4) protect and defend the rights or property of SimplyInsured; or (5) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of SimplyInsured, the Service, or the public.
In the event of a change in ownership, or a merger with, acquisition by, or sale of assets to, another entity, we may sell or otherwise transfer all information you provide to us, including personally identifiable information, to that entity.
SimplyInsured may disclose aggregated or other types of non-personally identifiable information, including automatically collected and cookies information that is non-personally identifiable, with third parties for various purposes. For example, SimplyInsured may disclose such non-personally identifiable information to interested third parties to assist such parties in understanding the usage, viewing, and demographic patterns for certain programs, content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality on the Service.
Choice
You may, of course, decline to share certain information with SimplyInsured, in which case SimplyInsured may not be able to provide to you some or all of the features and functionality found on the Service. For instance, you may modify your cookie settings as described above. We may retain the information we collect for a variety of purposes, including backups and archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, and analytics.
Third-Party Advertisers and Advertising Technology Providers
We may allow other companies, including third-party ad servers and ad networks, and other third-party advertising technology providers (collectively, Advertising Technology Partners), to serve advertisements on the Service. These Advertising Technology Partners may use technology to send, directly to your browser, the advertisements that appear on the Service, and they automatically receive your IP address and other log file information when this happens. Such Advertising Technology Partners may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or web beacons) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize advertising content.
The Security of Your Information
SimplyInsured employs certain physical, managerial, and technical safeguards designed to help protect the integrity and security of our systems and to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of personally identifiable information under our control. Please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed, whether by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards or otherwise. While we will make reasonable efforts to protect the security of your data, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to SimplyInsured or to any third party, and you do so at your own risk.
If SimplyInsured learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. By using the Service, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Service. If a security systems breach occurs, we may post a notice on one or more of our websites, or elsewhere on the Service, and/or may send email to you at the email address you have provided to us. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph, the method by which SimplyInsured may notify you of any security systems breach remains in SimplyInsured's sole discretion, subject to its obligations under applicable laws.
International Visitors
SimplyInsured is only designed for use within the borders of the United States. If you choose to use the Service from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, then please note that you are transferring your personally identifiable information outside of those regions to the United States for storage and processing. By providing your personally identifiable information on or to the Service, you consent to that transfer, storage, and processing. Further, we may transfer this data from the United States to other jurisdictions in connection with storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests, and operating the Service.
Children
SimplyInsured is not intended for or directed to persons under the age of 13. Any person who provides their information to SimplyInsured through the creation of a new account or any other part of the Service represents to SimplyInsured that he or she is 13 years of age or older. If you are under the age of 18, please obtain the consent of your parent or legal guardian before using the Service. By using the Service, you affirm you are either more than 18 years or age, an emancipated minor, or possess legal parental or guardian consent.
Your Consent To This Privacy Policy
By using the Service, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This is our entire and exclusive Privacy Policy and it supersedes any earlier version. We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy. When we do, we will also revise the last updated date at the bottom of the Privacy Policy. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed about how we are protecting the personally identifiable information we collect. Your continued use of this web site constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any updates.
Contacting SimplyInsured
Please contact SimplyInsured with any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, your personally identifiable information, our use and disclosure practices, or your consent choices by email: info ~at~ simplyinsured.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to respond to your communications.
Last updated: November 17, 2012