http://www.pioneersb.com/terms-of-use/
Skip to main content
Personal
Banking
Insurance
Wealth Management
Premier
Business
Banking
Benefits Consulting
Insurance
Wealth Management
Premier
Government
Banking
Benefits Consulting
Insurance
Community
The Shops at Pioneer
Community Events
Company
Leadership
Culture & Careers
All Together Forward
News
History
Financial Education
Contact Us
Locations
Albany Branch
Brunswick Branch
Cairo Branch
Clifton Park East Branch
Clifton Park West Branch
Cohoes Branch
Colonie Branch
Delmar Branch
East Greenbush Branch
Glenmont Branch
Green Island Branch
Greenbush Commons Branch
Greenville Branch
Guilderland Branch
Latham Branch
Malta Branch
Queensbury Branch
Rotterdam Branch
Schenectady Branch
Troy Branch
Waterford Branch
Watervliet Branch
Wolf Road Branch
Wynantskill Branch
Hedley Park Place - ATM ONLY
Rates
Good Evening!
Close Online Banking
Terms of Use
Terms & Conditions of Use Agreement
Introduction and scope of policy
This Pioneer Bank Digital Privacy and Cookies Policy (“Policy”) applies to your interaction with Pioneer Bank or any of its subsidiaries (collectively, “Pioneer Bank,” “we,” “us,” “our”), at any online or mobile site or application that we own and control (“Site”), unless a different online and/or mobile policy is posted at a particular site, or is made available to you and by its terms supplants this Policy. Other privacy policies may also apply in addition to the terms of this Policy. Please note that where we have another type of presence on a site owned by a third party, such as a page or handle on a social media site, that third party’s privacy policy and terms of use, rather than this Policy, will govern, unless specifically stated otherwise.
Agreement to policy
The information provided in and through the Pioneer Bank web site is for your personal use, the accuracy or reliability of which is not guaranteed. Your access to the Pioneer Bank web site is your acknowledgement of the terms and agreement to abide by the conditions of use contained herein. Pioneer reserves the right to modify, at any time, the content, terms, notices and conditions with regard to its web site. Therefore, it is incumbent upon the user to review the content, terms, notices and conditions, as used.
Pioneer Bank makes no representations with regard to the applicability, availability or timeliness of the information or access to service contained on or through this web site. You agree you will not use this web site or any service accessed from here for any unlawful purpose or to impede or damage it.
By using a Site or interacting with a Pioneer Bank advertisement or page or account on a third party site, you consent to this Policy, including your consent to our use and disclosure of information about you in the manner described in this Policy.
Gathering, using, and sharing informationTypes of information
You may interact with us in a variety of ways online, including through a mobile device. We may offer sites or applications that permit browsing and do not require registration. We may also offer the ability to access your accounts online. Information that we may collect about you through online interaction includes information that you input, such as your name, address, email address, other contact information; data resulting from your activity, such as transaction information; and location information. We may also gather additional information, such as the type of device and browser you are using, the IP address of your device, information about your device’s operating system, and additional information associated with your device. We may also gather information collected through cookies, tags, and other technologies, as described further below.
About “cookies”
Cookies are pieces of data stored on your device. Browser cookies are assigned by a web server to the browser on your device. When you return to a site you have visited before, your browser gives this data back to the server. Mobile applications may also use cookies.
We use cookies and information gathered through their use to make your experience with Pioneer Bank and certain other sites richer and more personalized based on the products, services, or other interaction you have with us and other sites. Information gathered through use of cookies may be used to make offers to you via online ads, email, U.S. mail, or telephone, subject to the marketing preferences you have on file with Pioneer Bank. We also use cookies, sometimes in conjunction with service providers, in online advertising either on our own Site or on third party sites to help determine which of our advertisements are most likely to appeal to you. We respect consumers’ ability to exercise choice in receiving these types of ads on third party sites. We honor your choice as follows: For this type of advertising placed on third party sites, we participate in the program utilizing the Advertising Options Icon. If you receive an ad delivered on a third party site in part based on information gathered through the use of cookies, you may opt out of receiving such ads by clicking the displayed icon and following the instructions or by visiting aboutads.info. This opt-out works via cookies, so if you delete cookies, use a different device, or change web browsers, you will need to opt out again. Please note that we respect your choice via participation in the Advertising Options Icon/aboutads.info program. Industry standards are currently evolving and we may not separately respond to or take any action with respect to a “do not track” configuration set in your internet browser. If you do not wish to have us and/or our third party advertising service providers know which advertisements and subsequent websites you have viewed, you may opt-out at AboutAds (established by the Digital Advertising Alliance). The Digital Advertising Alliance website contains important information on cookies, behavioral advertising, and what opting out will and will not do and choices you can make regarding interest-based advertisements.
Other parties that may collect information about your web browsing behavior when you use our Site are generally limited to service providers who may only use any information collected to provide services and marketing for us and not to provide services or advertising for any other party. Note, however, that we also provide certain widgets or tools on our sites, such as tools that allow web surfers to easily share information on another platform, such as a social media platform. At other times, information from a third party may be embedded on our site, such as a map or information streaming from another site, including communications streaming from a third party social media platform. These widgets, tools, and informational items often function through the use of third party cookies utilized by the third party site, such as the social media platform. As a result, these third parties may have access to information about your web browsing on the pages of our Site where these widgets, tools, or information are placed. You may wish to review information at third party sites, such as social media platforms where you have an account, to determine how these third parties treat data that they obtain through the use of cookies.
We also use cookies for purposes such as maintaining continuity during an online session; gathering data about the use of our site; monitoring online promotions; and anti-fraud and information security purposes.
Do you have to accept cookies?
You may be able to set your browser to reject browser cookies. However, if you choose to reject cookies, you cannot access your accounts online with Pioneer Bank. Therefore, if you set your browser options to disallow cookies, you will limit the functionality we can provide when you visit our Site. The latest versions of internet browsers provide cookie management tools, such as the ability to delete or reject cookies. We recommend that you refer to information supplied by browser providers for more specific information, including how to use these tools.
Additional cookies
Cookies is a term also used to describe other locally stored objects, such as cookies stored in an Adobe folder on your device. These cookies will not be deleted when you clear cookies from your browser. We may use this technology for purposes such as information security and fraud prevention. We do not use this technology for online behavioral advertising purposes. Please refer to information provided by Adobe for information on how to disable and control Flash objects. If you choose those options, you may limit the functionality we can provide when you visit our Site.
Additional technologies. We may also use additional technologies such as pixel tags, spotlight tagging, remarketing, web beacons, and clear GIFs, and may permit our third party service providers to use these technologies. We use these technologies for purposes such as measuring the effectiveness of our advertisements or other communications, determining viewing and response rates, and determining which offers to present to you on our own or on third party sites.
Using information. In addition to the uses described above, we use information for purposes as allowed by law such as: servicing; communicating with you; improving our Site, products, or services; legal compliance; risk control; information security; anti-fraud purposes; marketing or personalizing the presentation of our products and services to you; tracking website usage, such as number of hits, pages visited, and the length of user sessions in order to evaluate the usefulness of our sites; and using read-receipt notifications in our email communications.
Sharing
We may share information with service providers with whom we work, such as data processors and companies that help us market products and services to you. When permitted or required by law, we may share information with additional third parties for purposes including response to legal process.
Children’s Privacy
Pioneer Bank complies with the requirements of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).  We do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under the age of 13 without obtaining verifiable consent from their parents. For more information about the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), visit the FTC website: www.ftc.gov.
Pioneer Gives Back
The Pioneer Bank Foundation is committed to "helping kids be kids" by giving to local charitable organizations in our communities that focus on the health and welfare of children.
Learn More
Subscribe to our newsletter
SIGN UP
Name
This field is required
Email Address*
Please enter a valid email address (name@website.com)
Sign Up
External Link Disclaimer
Pioneer has no control over information at any site hyperlinked to or from this Site. Pioneer makes no representation concerning and is not responsible for the quality, content, nature, or reliability of any hyperlinked site and is providing this hyperlink to you only as a convenience. The inclusion of any hyperlink does not imply any endorsement, investigation, verification or monitoring by Pioneer of any information in any hyperlinked site. In no event shall Pioneer be responsible for your use of a hyperlinked site.
If you "Continue", the link will attempt to open a new window. If it is unable to, the link will open in the current window.
Email Disclaimer
Notice: Because there is a risk that information transmitted via Internet email could fall into the wrong hands, Pioneer suggests that confidential information, such as account numbers or social security numbers, not be transmitted via email. Instead, please contact Pioneer directly at your nearest bank branch.
Continue
×