https://www.qualitystrapping.com/terms-conditions/
Navigation
Toggle navigation
HomePlastic Strapping Manufacturer Hand Grade Polypropylene StrappingMachine Grade Polypropylene StrappingPolyester StrappingSignode Equivalent Machine Grade Polypropylene StrappingCord StrappingStrapping KitsPrinted StrappingSwitching to Plastic StrappingStrapping Tools ZAPAK Strapping ToolsPlastic Strapping ToolsSteel Strapping ToolsCart DispensersStrapping Closures Strapping BucklesPlastic Strapping SealsSteel Strapping SealsStrapping ProtectorsStrapping MachinesCompany Contact UsAbout UsPlacing an OrderTerms & ConditionsThe following describes the Terms and Conditions on which we offer you access to the Quality Strapping Corp. web site(s).By using or visiting the Quality Strapping Corp. web site(s), you expressly agree to be bound by the following Terms and Conditions and all applicable laws and regulations governing the Quality Strapping Corp. web site(s). If you violate these Terms and Conditions, Quality Strapping Corp. may terminate your use of the web site(s), bar you from future use of the Quality Strapping Corp. web site(s), and/or take legal action against you.By continuing and using the Quality Strapping Corp. web site(s), you agree to these Terms and Conditions and you agree that they shall be legally binding upon you.User Conduct and ObligationsYou agree to follow all applicable laws and regulations when using the Quality Strapping, Corp. web site(s). Furthermore, you agree that you shall not:Disrupt, place unreasonable burdens or excessive loads on, interfere with or attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion of the Quality Strapping, Corp. web site(s), its computer systems, servers or networks; Provide false information about yourself to Quality Strapping, Corp., impersonate any other person, or otherwise attempt to mislead others about your identity or the origin of any content, message or other communication; Transmit junk mail, chain letters, or other unsolicited bulk e-mail or duplicative messages; Collect information about other visitors to the Quality Strapping, Corp. web site(s) without their consent or otherwise systematically extract data or data fields, including without limitation any financial data or e-mail addresses; Sell access to or the use of the Quality Strapping, Corp. web site(s), including any content contained on, downloaded or accessed from the Quality Strapping, Corp. web site(s); Redistribute any content, including financial data, provided by Quality Strapping, Corp. in any manner whatsoever including by means of printed publication, fax broadcast, web pages, e-mail, web newsgroups or forums, or any other electronic or paper-based service or method. Right to Change AgreementQuality Strapping, Corp. shall have the right, at its sole discretion, to modify, add or remove any terms or conditions of these Terms and Conditions Agreement without notice or liability to you. Any changes to this Terms and Conditions Agreement shall be effective immediately following the posting of such changes on this web site. The most recent version of these Terms and Conditions Agreement may always be found on Quality Strapping, Corp. web site(s). You agree to review these Terms and Conditions Agreement from time to time and agree that any subsequent use by you of this web site(s) following changes to these Terms and Conditions Agreement shall constitute your acceptance of all such changes. This Terms and Conditions Agreement was last modified on March 3, 2009.SecurityRegistered Users are responsible for the protection of their account numbers, user name, and password associated with Internet access to all Quality Strapping, Corp. web sites. In the event of any unauthorized access to your account, you must immediately notify Quality Strapping, Corp.; however, Quality Strapping, Corp. shall not be responsible or liable for damage of any kind as a result of any unauthorized access. To protect yourself from unauthorized access to your account information, Quality Strapping, Corp. highly recommends that you do not share your password with anyone.Limitation of LiabilityQuality Strapping, Corp. shall NOT be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages of any kind whatsoever (including, without limitation, attorney’s fees and lost profits or savings) in any way due to, resulting from, or arising in connection with this web site; including its content and any content accessed through this web site, use of that content, and/or display or performance of any content, regardless of any negligence by any party.Right to Deny AccessQuality Strapping, Corp. reserves the rights to deny any person(s) access without prior notification to said person(s).Quality Strapping, Corp. specifically disclaims all responsibility for any loss, injury, claim, liability, or damage of any kind resulting from, arising out of or in any way related to:Any errors in or omissions from the Quality Strapping, Corp. web site(s) and its content, including but not limited to technical inaccuracies and typographical errors; Any third party web sites or content directly or indirectly accessed through links on the Quality Strapping, Corp. web site(s), including, but not limited to, any errors in or omissions there from; The unavailability of the Quality Strapping, Corp. web site(s) or any portion thereof; The use of the Quality Strapping, Corp. web site(s); or The use of any equipment or software in connection with the Quality Strapping, Corp. web site(s); or Infringement of any right of a third party by any user’s use of the Quality Strapping, Corp. web site(s). MATERIALS PROVIDED ON THE QUALITY STRAPPING, CORP. WEB SITE(S) ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. Quality Strapping, Corp. specifically does NOT make any warranties or representations as to the accuracy or completeness of any such materials. Quality Strapping, Corp. periodically adds, changes, improves, or updates the materials and strapping or packaging product listings on its web site(s) without notice. Under no circumstances shall Quality Strapping, Corp. be liable for any loss, damage, liability or expense incurred or suffered which is claimed to resulted from use of its web site(s), including without limitation, any fault, error, omission, interruption or delay with respect thereto. Use of the Quality Strapping, Corp. web site(s) is at the User’s sole risk. Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall Quality Strapping, Corp. or its affiliates be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages, even if Quality Strapping, Corp. has been advised of the possibility of such damages.LinksThe inclusion of any and all link(s) on the Quality Strapping web site(s) does not imply an endorsement by Quality Strapping, Corp. of that web site. These links are provided only as a convenience to visitors. Quality Strapping, Corp. is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or for any link contained within a linked site.CopyrightsQuality Strapping, Corp., the Quality Strapping logo, and all graphics contained in the Quality Strapping, Corp. web site(s) are copyright material of Quality Strapping, Corp. All other trademarks identified herein are the property of their respective owners. Quality Strapping, Corp. is an equal opportunity employer.©1997-2009 Quality Strapping, Corp., Brooklyn, New York. All rights reserved. The use of the Quality Strapping, Corp. web site(s) subject to the following conditions:No portion of this service may be reproduced in any form or by any means without prior written permission from an officer of Quality Strapping, Corp. If such permission is given then the posting must contain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained therein. Except as expressly otherwise provided, nothing contained in the Quality Strapping, Corp. web site(s) shall confer any license or right under any patent, trademark, or intellectual property right of Quality Strapping, Corp. or any third party.Privacy PolicyIn order to serve you better Quality Strapping, Corp. reserves the right to collect all visitors information while on this web site. Quality Strapping, Corp. will not share any information obtained on this web site with any marketing group external to Quality Strapping, Corp. System personnel may give to law enforcement officials any potential evidence of crime found on Quality Strapping, Corp. computer systems. Use of the system by any user, authorized or unauthorized constitutes consent to this Privacy Policy.Quality Strapping, Corp. reserves the right, at our discretion, to change modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at anytime. You are bound by such revisions and should therefore visit this page to review the current Privacy Policy from time to time.
Call Now