http://www.mandmbank.com/privacy-principles/
Personal Banking
Personal Checking
Personel Savings
CD, IRA, CDARS
Loans
Check Reorder
Credit cards
Incoming Wire Instructions
Internet Banking
CELEBRATE YOUR SCHOOL AND earn Booster Bucks
Business Banking
Business Checking
Products and Services
Business Loans
Business Credit Cards
Incoming Wire Instructions
Contact Your Banker
Hattiesburg
Escatawpa
Fairhope
Gautier
Hurley
Lucedale
Moss Point
Ocean Springs
Pascagoula
St Martin
Gulf Shores
Daphne
Mobile Airport Boulevard
About M&M Bank
The M&M Story
Board of Directors
Bank Holidays 2020
SBA/PPP Loan Forgiveness
APPLICATION TIPS FOR ALL BORROWERS
For SBA/PPP Loan amounts of $50,000 or less
For SBA/PPP loan amounts greater than $50,000
Financial Tools
COVID-19 Deferred Interest Loan
Regulation E
Calculators
Credit Bureau
Identity Theft
Lost or Stolen Card
Security
USA Patriot Act
Beneficial Ownership
Check 21
Funds Availability Policy
SAFE ACT Registry
Discretionary Overdraft Privilege Program
Alternatives to Overdrafts
Inactive Checking Account Information
Inactive Savings Account Information
Get Our Mobile App
Apple Store
Google Play
Get our Card Protect App
Apple Store
Google Play
Quicken/Quickbooks
Quicken/Quickbooks
Careers
Careers
Investor Relations
Investor Relations
Privacy Principles
At Merchants & Marine Bank, we value our customer relationships, many of which span generations. We recognize that the basis of each customer relationship is trust, and that we are obligated to honor that trust, beginning with the information you have chosen to share with us. We recognize that you have a right to expect your personal financial information to remain private and secure. We respect the privacy of our customers and are committed to treating customer information responsibly. Our Privacy Principles serve as standards for all Merchants & Marine Bank employees for collection, use, retention, and security of individual information.
This privacy notice applies to our current and former customers.
Click here for M&M Bank's Privacy Notice.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING THE INTERNET
Any information transmitted to us through our online banking services is protected by a data security system known as Secure Socket Layer, or SSL, with Strong Encryption. SSL is designed to ensure that transmitted information is encrypted and protected at all times. Any links to outside sources on our website or provided by our online banking services are beyond the control of Merchants & Marine Bank’s security and we are not responsible for the content, operation or security of such sites.
We collect certain information from you as you communicate with us through our website at www.mandmbank.com.
We collect the following kind of information from you:
Cookies: Cookies are identifiers and also messages sent to an Internet browser that help us recognize and better serve you when you visit our website. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you or your computer, and can only be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Cookies do not collect personally identifiable information. You may prevent cookies from being allowed by making the appropriate selection from your browser options. We reserve the right to use cookies in order to present products and other services that may be of interest to you. If you choose not to accept cookies, you may limit the functionality we provide when you visit our website. However, if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the site or services you visit. You cannot bank online without cookies.Email: When you send us an email, we will use your email address to reply to you. We will store your email address for quality assurance and to meet legal and regulatory requirements. We may use your email address to market Merchants & Marine Bank products and services. You may opt-out or reply to any email message we send to you to tell us that you no longer wish to receive future messages from us.We gather data that is not personally identifiable to you to track Web site usage, such as number of hits, pages visited, and the length of user sessions in order to evaluate the usefulness of our sites.
Children’s Information: We respect the privacy of your children, and we comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. We do not knowingly collect or retain personally identifiable information from consumers under the age of thirteen. We recognize that protecting children's identities and privacy online is important and that the responsibility to do so rests with both the online industry and with parents
External Link Disclaimer
Merchants & Marine Bank (M&M Bank) has no control over information at any site hyperlinked to or from this Site. M&M Bank makes no representation concerning and is not responsible for the quality, content, nature, or reliability of any hyperlinked site and is providing this hyperlink to you only as a convenience. The inclusion of any hyperlink does not imply any endorsement, investigation, verification or monitoring by M&M Bank of any information in any hyperlinked site. In no event shall M&M Bank be responsible for your use of a hyperlinked site.
Continue
×
Email Disclaimer
Notice: Because there is a risk that information transmitted via Internet email could fall into the wrong hands, Merchants & Marine Bank suggests that confidential information, such as account numbers or social security numbers, not be transmitted via email. Instead, please contact Merchants & Marine Bank directly at your nearest bank branch.
Continue
×