http://www.consolidatedmgmt.com/aspx/privacypolicy.aspx
Skip to content
LOG IN TO ACCOUNT
Username
Password
Forgot Username or Password?
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Consolidated Management Company believes in the importance of privacy and wants you to be familiar with how we collect, store, use, and disclose information about you.  This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with the information about you that we or our service providers may collect through this website.  By accessing or using this website, you are agreeing to the collection of data and practices described in this Policy.
Information We May Collect
We may obtain the following information in connection with your use of this website:
Your contact information (such as name, postal or e-mail address, or phone number)
Any content you may share with us by interacting with this website using social media
Other information you may provide when you communicate with us or participate in our surveys or promotions
We may also rely on automated means to collect information in connection with your use of this website, including:
Information about your computer, mobile, or other device that you use to access this website, such as the device type, unique device identifier, IP address, geolocation information, operating system information, browser type, browser language, and similar information.
Information on actions taken by you on this website (such as page views and website navigation patterns)
URLs that refer you to this website or that you visit before or after visiting this website
Dates and times of your visits to this website
For Employment Applicants: In addition to the other information described in this Policy, the user name and password you provide to create an account to apply for employment.
Online Behavioral Advertising and Data Collection by Third Parties
You may see certain advertisements on this and other websites because we may participate in online behavioral advertising, also known as interest-based advertising, through advertising networks. Advertising networks may include third-party advertising servers, advertising agencies, advertising technology vendors, and research firms. We may also engage with analytics providers. These third parties track your online activities over time across third-party websites or online services during your visits to this and other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties.
Do Not Track Policy
Some web browsers have a “do not track” feature that allows you to inform websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked.  At this time, this website does not respond to web browser-based “do-not-track” signals.
Children’s Personal Information
This website is not directed to individuals who are younger than 18 years old. If you are younger than 18 years old, please do not provide any personal information through this website.
Use of Information We Collect
We may use the information we obtain to:
Respond to your questions and comments about products, services, or this website and provide customer support
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, events, promotions or our relationship with you regarding this website.  We may also communicate with you to offer you products and services we believe may be of interest to you, and manage your participation in our events
Enable you to communicate with the website through blogs, social networks and other interactive media
Analyze and enhance our marketing communications and strategies (including by identifying when emails sent to you have been received and read), and trends and statistics regarding visitors’ use of the website
Operate, evaluate, and improve our business and the products and services we offer and this website
Protect against and prevent fraud, unauthorized transactions, claims and other liabilities, and manage risk exposure, including by identifying potential hackers and other unauthorized users
Enforce the Website Terms of Use
Comply with applicable legal requirements and industry standards and our policies
For Employment Applicants:
To register you for an account to apply for employment opportunities and manage and maintain that account; and
To review and evaluate your candidacy for employment.
We also may use the information we obtain about you in other ways with your consent.
We may use and disclose information that is not in personally identifiable form for any lawful purpose.  If we combine information that is not in personally identifiable form with information that is, we will treat the combined information as personal information for so long as it is combined.
Information Sharing
We do not disclose personal information about you that we collect on this website, except as described in this Policy. We may share the information we obtain:
With our service providers that perform services on our behalf. Our service providers are not authorized by us to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements. Examples of such services may include web hosting providers, analytics providers, marketing providers, and talent management portal providers.
With our affiliate companies for the purposes described in this Policy
Other third parties, pursuant to your request or consent
We also may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process, (ii) in response to a request by law enforcement authorities, (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity, (iv) to enforce our terms and conditions, (v) to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property or that our affiliates, you, or others.  We also reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition or combination of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceeding). Following any such event, you may contact the entity to which we transferred your personal information with any inquiries concerning the processing of that information.  We may retain copies of that transferred information.
Access and Correction
You may access and correct certain information you have provided on this website by contacting us through the Contact Us page.
International Users and Data Transfers
This is a U.S. website that is governed by U.S. laws, including those governing the privacy and security of your information. If you use this website, you are transferring your information to Consolidated Management Company and its service providers in the United States. By using this website or providing your information to us through this website, you consent to the transfer of your personal information to the United States, and our handling of your information in accordance with applicable U.S. requirements and this Policy.
Your personal information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in any country where we or the parties with whom we share your personal information (as described above) have facilities, which may include countries other than your country of residence. These other countries may have different data protection laws than your country of residence. By using this website or providing your information to us through this website, you consent to the transfer, storage, and processing of your personal information as described above.
Protection of Personal Information
We maintain administrative, technical, and physical measures designed to safeguard the security of personal information we collect on this website.  Despite such efforts, however, please note that no company can fully eliminate risks or guarantee the security of personal information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of information about you at any time, and we bear no liability for uses or disclosures of personal information or other data arising in connection with theft of the information or other malicious actions. We ask website users to be aware of security risks when using the Internet and to help us safeguard their information, including by establishing unique login credentials for this website that are not shared with any other website or service, and safeguarding their website login credentials.
Links to Other Websites
This website may contain web property (e.g., any application) or provide links to other websites for your convenience and information.  These websites or web properties may operate independently from Consolidated Management Company. Linked sites and web properties may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any such websites or use any such web properties.  To the extent any linked websites you visit or web properties you use are not owned or controlled by Consolidated Management Company, we are not responsible for the website’s or web property’s content, any use of the website or web property, or the privacy practices of the website or web property.  The availability of, or inclusion of a link to, any such website or web property does not imply endorsement of it by us.
Privacy Policy Updates
This Privacy Policy may be changed or updated. We will post a prominent notice on this website to notify you of any significant changes to our Privacy Policy and indicate at the bottom of the notice when it was most recently updated.  Any changes to this Policy will become effective when we post a revised policy that reflects such changes on this website.  Your use of this website following this posting of a revised policy means you accept the revised policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about this Policy, please contact us by visiting our Contact Us page.
Effective Date: August 4, 2015
College
Correctional
Corporate