https://www.hermesetas.com/privacy-policy/
More Infos
Menu Toggle
Country
About us
About us
Sub Menu Toggle
Our Story
Company
Brands
Feedback
Menu Toggle
Privacy Policy
Data Privacy Statement
Hermes Sweeteners Ltd., Ankerstrasse 53, 8004 Zurich, Switzerland (hereinafter referred to as: “Hermes”) welcomes you to their website at http://www.hermesetas.com/ (hereinafter referred to as: “Website”). Below we will explain how Hermes collects, processes and uses your personal data (hereinafter referred to jointly as: “processing”).
Personal data refers to all data which contains information about the personal or factual circumstances of a particular or identifiable person, i.e. their identification. This includes your name, your IP address, your email address and your phone number (hereinafter referred to as: “data”).
This data privacy statement is changed from time to time. You should read the data privacy statement regularly and carefully.
1. Responsible for this site:
Hermes Sweeteners Ltd.
Ankerstrasse 53
8004 Zurich
Switzerland
2. Which personal data do we store?
In principle, you can visit our website without revealing your identity. For some offers, however, we require some personal information from you. This applies, for example, to the sending of informational materials, for participation in competitions or responding to individual inquiries. In all of these cases we only store the data you have entered yourself. The IP address that is assigned to your computer is stored to the extent required in order to send the retrieved pages to your computer. We process information about your page views from our website to produce usage statistics. See section 6a.
3. Purpose of personal data processing
We only use your personal data for the purpose stated during data collection, e.g. for transmitting your desired information, for processing orders and for conducting competitions. We only use your personal data for purposes of advertising and market and opinion research if we have explicitly stated this and you have given explicit consent for its use for this purpose. We only use data on your visits to our websites and reading of our email newsletters in the form of anonymous statistics.
4. Transmission of personal data
Your personal data will not be forwarded to third parties. However, when visiting our websites, your current IP address will be sent to Google in an abbreviated form as well as data related to your use of our sites for the production of usage statistics. For further details, see section 6a.
External service providers who process personal data on our behalf are contractually obligated to comply with all relevant data protection regulations. European contractors are not considered third parties for data protection purposes.
5. Usage analyses
We examine how visitors use our website in order to optimise our Internet offer.
For this purpose, we use Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google Inc., USA. When you visit one of our websites, a program (JavaScript) is loaded and run on your computer by a Google server. This includes storing a cookie on your computer which contains information about your use of our websites. This information includes, among other things, the name of the website visited, the time of the visit and a unique identification code generated specifically for your browser. The collected information is transmitted to Google and is stored in computer systems, some of which are located outside Europe, primarily in the US. Technical data about your computer is also transmitted e.g. the type of web browser used, the operating system and the resolution of the screen display.
Google processes this information on our behalf to evaluate your use of our Internet site, to compile statistics about user behaviour by all visitors, including a rough location determination, for us and to provide additional services related to the use of the website and the Internet. You will remain anonymous throughout the entire evaluation of usage behaviour.
The Google tracking codes used on this website use the “anonymiseIp()” function, which means IP addresses are only processed in a shortened form to exclude any direct association with people. Your full IP address is only used to transfer information and data into your web browser which is necessary for the user analysis. Furthermore, the data is stored or merged with any other data from Google. In evaluating usage behaviour, your IP address is only entered in abbreviated form. It is not possible to assign usage data to a person with an abbreviated IP address. This also applies if Google itself utilises your usage data. In addition, this page uses the Google Analytics reports for demographic purposes, in which data from Google’s interest-based advertising as well as third-party visitor data (e.g. age, gender and interests) are used. This data cannot be attributed to a specific person and can be disabled at any time via the display settings.
In order to completely exclude your visits to our websites from our usage analysis, you can download an add-on from this Google page for current browsers (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de) and embed it in your browser. The program (JavaScript) required to collect your usage data will not be executed and no cookies for usage analysis will be stored in your browser. – If, as a rule, you block the storage of cookies by using a corresponding setting on your web browser, the analysis of your usage behaviour by Google Analytics is also switched off.
For more information on terms of use and data protection, please visit: http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html or https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/. We would like to point out that on this website, Google Analytics has been expanded with the “anonymizeIp” code in order to ensure anonymous recording of IP addresses (so-called IP-masking).
6. Cookies
So-called cookies are used to improve the user-friendliness of the website. They allow easier access for users who repeatedly visit the website. Cookies are small files which are stored on your computer when you visit our websites. If, at a later point, you visit other pages on our website, the content of these cookies is transmitted to us.
When you use our website you agree to the usage and storage of cookies on your end device. You may, however, also view our website without cookies. Users don’t have to permit this, as browsers can turn off or at least limit the storage of cookies. You can prevent cookies from being stored on your end device by selecting “do not accept cookies” in your browser settings. You can delete cookies already stored on your end device at any time. For details of how this works please refer to the instructions for your browser or from the manufacturer of your end device.
a) HTTP cookies
These cookies are stored in a file belonging to the web browser you are using. Some of these cookies contain information about your last visit to our websites and an artificially created identification code that makes it possible to approximate the number of different and/or returning visitors. We transmit this information to Google for usage analyses purposes. Details on these cookies and options for preventing their storage. We also use data from cookies in order to provide access after a successful login to those pages that are reserved for registered users. In surveys among our web visitors, we sometimes use cookies as a reference to multiple voting. In addition, they make it possible for us to avoid repeat queries on data entered in follow-up forms.
We do not pool the data stored in cookies with other data that could be used to identify you.
You can set your web browser to block the storage of HTTP cookies, however you can still take advantage of our website offers. You also have the option of deleting stored cookies immediately. For details, refer to your browser’s usage guide.
b) Facebook & Instagram Website Custom Audiences
This website may also use communication tools from the Facebook social network, especially the Website Custom Audiences tool. This tool generates a non-reversible, non-personal checksum (hash value) from your usage data that may possibly be transmitted to Facebook for analysis and marketing purposes. For more information on the purpose and scope of data collection, its further processing and use of the data by Facebook as well as your setting options to protect your privacy, please refer to Facebook’s privacy policy which can, among other sites, can be found here https://www.facebook.com/ads/website_custom_audiences/ and here at https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation. If you want to object to the use of Facebook Website Custom Audiences, you can do so at https://www.facebook.com/ads/website_custom_audiences/.
c) Usage-based online advertising – Data protection by Google Analytics and Google Remarketing
This website uses Google Analytics and Google Remarketing. These are services provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google uses so-called “cookies”, which are text files that are stored on your computer and which allow an analysis of your use of the website. The information about your use of this website (including your IP address) generated by the cookie is transmitted to a Google server in the US and is stored there. Google then shortens the IP Address by eliminating the last three digits, so a clear allocation of the IP address is no longer possible.
Google uses this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports about website activities for the website operators and to provide additional services related to the use of the website and the Internet. Google may also transfer this information to third parties, provided this is required by law or to the extent that third parties process this data on behalf of Google.
Third party providers, including Google, display ads on websites on the Internet. Third party providers, including Google, use stored cookies to display the ads based on previous visits to the website by a user. Under no circumstances will Google link your IP address with other Google data. The collection and storage of data can be revoked at any time with effect for the future. You may deactivate Google’s use of cookies by permanently revoking personalised advertising in your respective Google account.
However, in this case, you may not be able to take full advantage of all the functions of this website. By using this website, you agree to the processing of data collected about you by Google in the above-described manner and for the aforementioned purpose. The collection and storage of data can be revoked at any time with effect for the future. For more information about Google’s terms, click here: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
7. Data storage
Your data will be kept as long as it is necessary for the provision of services on the website or as long as we are legally obligated to store it.
8. What can you do to limit the processing of your data?
You may revoke your consent for the processing of your personal data at any time. You can also generally revoke your consent for use of your data for advertising purposes. To do so, simply send a message to our contact address below. Please refer to section 6a on how to block the inclusion of your page views in our usage analysis.
9. Data security
We have taken technical and organisational measures to ensure data security. These measures are used, among other reasons, to prevent unauthorised access to the technical equipment we use and to protect your personal data from unauthorised access by third parties.
10. Information and corrections
You are entitled, at any time, to request free-of-charge information within the legal guidelines on your data, the purposes of its storage and the recipients or categories of recipients to whom this data is passed on. If your data we have stored is inaccurate or whose storage is impermissible, we will gladly correct, block or delete it.
Please send any such queries by email to our contact address:
Hermes Sweetener Ltd.
Ankerstrasse 53
8004 Zurich
Switzerland
Phone: +41 (0) 44 245 43 00
Fax: +41 (0)44 245 43 35
Email: info@hermesetas.com
You can reach our data protection officer under:
Bugl & Kollegen GmbH
Sedanstraße 7
93055 Regensburg
E-Mail: kontakt@buglkollegen.de
This data privacy statement can be accessed and printed out from the footer of the homepage under the “data privacy statement” heading.
Updated on: 10 May 2018
Choose a country
Australia
Denmark
Finland
Italy
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom
Or choose one of these countries
Andorra
Bahrain
Belgium
Canada
Colombia
Egypt
Equador
France
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Iceland
India
Ireland
Israel
Japan
Jordan
Kuwait
Lebanon
Malta
Morocco
Nepal
Netherlands
New Zealand
Oman
Pakistan
Peru
Portugal
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
South Korea
Switzerland
Turkey
Uganda
United Arab Emirates
Vietnam
Category
Cat A
Cat B
Cat C
Cat D