https://www.abtco.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy - ABTCO Vinyl Siding
Region: USA
ABOUT
Why ABTCO
GreenSENSE
PRODUCTS
Vinyl Siding
Polypropylene Shingles
Accessories & Trims
Rainware
I-Span
DESIGN
Color Inspiration
Gallery
Home Designer 2.0
Estimator
Request a Color Sample
SUPPORT
Professionals
Literature
Installation Guides
SpectraShield™
FAQ
CONTACT
Select Page
PRIVACY NOTICE
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for this website. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email, the contact us form on the website or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us, to deliver brochures and merchandise upon your request. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
ABTCO Building Products tracks user traffic patterns throughout all of its site. However, we do not correlate this information with data about individual users. ABTCO does break down overall usage statistics according to a user’s domain name, browser type, etc by using first party cookies to protect visitor privacy.
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone.
Toll Free:
1-800-265-9829
© Copyright 2020 ABTCO and KP Building Products Legal notes |
Privacy Policy
Pin It on Pinterest
Share This
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Pinterest
Welcome to
Please select your location. English
English
En français
© Copyright 2020 ABTCO and KP Building Products. All rights reserved.
Legal notes |
Privacy Policy