http://www.2929entertainment.com/legal.html
LEGAL | CONTACT US
LEGAL
2929 Entertainment recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of all information provided by users of our website. We created the following policy guidelines with a fundamental respect for our users’ right to privacy.
Information Collected by 2929 Entertainment
2929 Entertainment collects information about users during their registration for some of our website features and during their participation in certain activities on our website. When users request pages from our web server, our server automatically collects some information about the users, including Internet protocol (IP) addresses. Some activities on our website, particularly viewing client information, requires a user account and password, which are obtained from 2929 Entertainment .
As you browse the site, 2929 Entertainment collects information about your visit, not about you personally. Via web server logs and browser cookie files, we monitor statistics such as:
• How many people visit our site
• Which pages people visit on our site
• From which domains our visitors come (e.g., “msn.com' or “aol.com')
• Which browsers people use to visit our site
While we gather this information, none of it is associated with you as an individual. We use these statistics to improve our website, to monitor its performance, and to make it easier for you and other visitors to use. Use of Information 2929 Entertainment uses reasonable precautions to keep the personal information disclosed to us secure and does not disclose this information to third parties. Information obtained via our website is strictly used by 2929 Entertainment internally. Any information collected during the registration process will not be distributed or sold to outside parties.
General
2929 Entertainment is not responsible for the content or the privacy polices of websites to which it may provide links. Those are links to servers maintained by other businesses and organizations. Those links are provided as a service to users. 2929 Entertainment also cannot provide any warranty about the accuracy or source of the information contained on any of those servers or the content of any file the user might download from those sites.