http://www.factoryexpohomes.com/privacy-policy
Factory Expo Home Centers | Manufactured & Mobile Homes
Factory Located Mobile Home Sales
Home
Choose Home Delivery State
Our Brand Name Partners
Customer Reviews
Our Locations
Factory Expo Home Centers takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.
* This privacy policy may be updated from time to time so please check back periodically.
1. What does this privacy policy cover?
This privacy policy covers how Factory Expo Home Centers treats personally identifiable information such as i) first and last name; (ii) a home or other physical address; (iii) an email address; (iv) a telephone number; (v) a social security or social insurance number; (vi) any other identifier that permits the physical or online contacting of a specific individual; and/or (vii) information concerning a user that the Operator collects online from the user and combines with any of the identifiers described above. This privacy policy does not apply to the practice of other companies not under the control of Factory Expo Home Centers. Factory Expo Home Centers assumes no responsibility for information or statements you may encounter on the Internet not under the control of Factory Expo Home Centers.
2. What information does Factory Expo Home Centers collect?
When you fill in an online inquiry form, we ask for information such as your first and last name, address, city, state/province, zipcode/postalcode, telephone number, fax number, email address, sales person’s first name, and transaction amount. Factory Expo Home Centers’ web server automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your ip address and the page you request.
3. What are “cookies” and how does Factory Expo Home Centers use them?
In addition to the above mentioned information that Factory Expo Home Centers collects, some of our sites may collect information using cookies. Cookies play an important role in making Factory Expo Home Centers’ websites function properly, but there is much confusion about what cookies are and how they are used. A cookie is a small text file containing a unique identification number that is transferred from Factory Expo Home Centers’ websites to the hard drive of your computer so that we may identify you and your activities on Factory Expo Home Centers for that session. A session is a predefined period of time the cookie is valid. Once that session is expired, the cookie is no longer valid. For example, to help serve you better, Factory Expo Home Centers website generally uses cookies to help process orders. Without cookies, it could be difficult for the Factory Expo Home Centers’ website to keep track of the payment details during the checkout process.
The use of cookies is an industry standard, and you will find them used on most major web sites. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can reset your browser either to notify you when you have received a cookie, or to refuse to accept cookies. You should understand that while Factory Expo Home Centers does not require you to use cookies, certain functions may not work properly if you set your browser to not accept cookies.
4. How does Factory Expo Home Centers use the information?
Factory Expo Home Centers uses the aggregate data to perform statistical analysis of the collective characteristics and behavior of our registered users and visitors, to measure user demographics and interests regarding specific areas of Factory Expo Home Centers’ websites and to analyze how and where best to use our resources. Without such data, we would not know what the most popular areas of Factory Expo Home Centers website are, and we would not be able to change and update the content and services appropriately.
Factory Expo Home Centers may, from time to time, when we have your permission, use your personally identifiable information to contact you about changes or enhancements to Products and Services on Factory Expo Home Centers’ websites. Users can opt out of receiving future marketing communications by unsubscribing by following instructions contained in the messages they receive.
Factory Expo Home Centers may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide information on individual users to the appropriate governmental authorities. In matters involving a danger to personal or public safety, Factory Expo Home Centers may voluntarily provide information to appropriate governmental authorities.
It is the Corporate policy of Factory Expo Home Centers not to rent, sell, share, trade or otherwise divulge its customer list to any outside firm, without permission from you. If you believe you are being contacted by any firm outside of Factory Expo Home Centers, using information you have provided to us, please do not hesitate to contact us immediately.
5. What types of security procedures are in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of your information?
Factory Expo Home Centers’ web server is located in a physically and electronically secured data center monitored by security guards. Any personally identifiable information you provide to Factory Expo Home Centers when submitting an online form for inquiries or registering for Products and Services at any of Factory Expo Home Centers’ websites is maintained and accessible only by Factory Expo Home Centers’ employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs, unless specifically stated otherwise.
Factory Expo Home Centers’ Payment Pages encrypt all personal data you submit (including your credit card number, billing, and shipping information) and passed through “secure transaction servers.” Factory Expo Home Centers accomplishes this through technology provided by Starfield Technologies, Inc.
6. Refund Policy
If this is your initial down payment, you may have received or should expect to receive a hard copy of our mutual Purchase Agreement (herein after referred to as “Agreement”). The Agreement is the prevailing document in our refund policy and supersedes any prior written or verbal communications regarding your home purchase. Once the Agreement is executed, with an authorization to construct your home, all down payments and/or deposits are non-refundable. In the event that you are utilizing this online payment option to make a payment against a prior executed agreement, then the agreement is the prevailing document with regards to refunds. There are no exchanges, returns or refunds on any fully executed agreement with an authorization to construct the home. In the event that you have not signed an agreement and wish to cancel, your down payment is fully refundable within 30 days of the initial down payment.
If you use a credit or debit card for a payment and there is a cancellation, the credit card company transaction fee will be deducted from the amount of your refund.
7. Shipping Terms
FOB –Origin. You are responsible for the freight charges from the point of origin to your designated destination. The charges will be estimated at the time the written agreement is prepared by your sales agent. Once you receive the written agreement, you will have a chance to review the estimated freight charges and ask any questions about the pricing. Please understand that unless otherwise stated, the quoted freight price is estimated for the current date and may not reflect fluctuating fuel surcharges, Department of Transportation construction re-routing, highway patrol escorts, or unique complicated placements based on terrain of the delivery site.
All questions regarding this statement should be directed to: privacy@factoryexpohomes.com
Factory Expo Home Centers reserves the right to change its privacy policy without notice to the individual user of, or visitor to, Factory Expo Home Center’s Web sites. This privacy policy is effective September 1, 2008.
Primary Navigation
Home
Choose Home Delivery State
Our Brand Name Partners
Customer Reviews
Our Locations
Careers
Contact Us
Our Brand Name Partners
Cavco Homes
Champion Homes
Chariot Eagle Homes
Clayton Homes
Fairmont Homes
Fleetwood Homes
Palm Harbor Homes
Skyline Homes
Connect with Us
FX
Like Us on Facebook
Factory Expo Home Centers
About Factory Expo Homes
We are a national retailer of Manufactured Homes, Mobile Homes and Park Models. Our mission is to offer high quality factory built homes at consumer friendly, affordable prices. Our 19 Factory Located sales centers and 8 outlet centers proudly represent the best brands in the industry!
Factory Expo Homes reserves the right to modify, cancel or substitute products or features of this event at any time without prior notice or obligation. Pictures and other promotional materials are representative and may depict or contain floor plans, square footages, elevations, options, upgrades, extra design features, decorations, floor coverings, specialty light fixtures, custom paint and wall coverings, window treatments, landscaping, sound and alarm systems, furnishings, appliances, and other designer/decorator features and amenities that are not included as part of the home and/or may not be available at all locations. Home, pricing and community information is subject to change, and homes to prior sale, at any time without notice or obligation. ©2020 Factory Expo Homes. All rights reserved.
TOP
This website uses cookies which collect information about how you interact with our website. We use this information to improve and customize your browsing experience as well as for analytical metrics to better understand our visitors both on this site and with other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, please see our Privacy Policy. ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.