https://www.brightstar.com/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy
Information about our use of cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive.
We may use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below:
Analytical/performance cookies
Cookie name
Purpose
More information
_gat
Google Analytics
Used to distinguish users. (Expires: 1 min). Read more
_ga
Google Analytics
Used to distinguish users. (Expires: 2 years). Read more
_gid
Google Analytics
Used to distinguish users. (Expires: 24 hours). Read more
Functionality cookies.
Cookie name
Purpose
More information
incap_ses_xxx
Incapsula
Incapsula session cookie. (Expires on page exit)
visid_incap_xxx
Incapsula
Incapsula visit ID cookie. (Expires: 1 year)
wp-settings-xxx
WP settings cookie
WordPress also sets a few wp-settings-{time}-[UID] cookies. The number on the end is your individual user ID from the users database table. This is used to customize your view of admin interface, and possibly also the main site interface. (Expires: 1 year) Read more
wp-settings-time-xxx
WP settings cookie
WordPress also sets a few wp-settings-{time}-[UID] cookies. The number on the end is your individual user ID from the users database table. This is used to customize your view of admin interface, and possibly also the main site interface. (Expires: 1 year) Read more
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
If you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are set by this website (or, indeed, on any other site) you can do this through your browser settings.  The ‘Help’ function within your browser should tell you how. You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
If you are primarily concerned about third party cookies generated by advertisers, you can turn these off by going to the Your Online Choices site at www.youronlinechoices.eu.
Email Tracking
Some of the emails we send to you may contain a ‘web beacon pixel’ (clear GIFs) or tracked links which allows us to identify when you have opened the email and to verify which links contained in the email you have accessed.  We use this information to determine which parts of our emails are of most interest to you.
You can delete the pixel by deleting the email.  If you do not wish to download the pixel to your computer or other device, you can ensure this by selecting to receive emails from us in plain text rather than HTML, or not opening pictures in your email.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at: GDPRSupport@brightstar.com