https://www.customfavors.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Company Information
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
What information do we collect?
When you order or register with this site, we collect only the information necessary to track and process your order. During the registration and order process we will ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other order related information. The credit card information is not stored on our servers, and is passed directly to the payment processing companies.
You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
How do we use your information?
The information we collect is only used to process and track your order. We will never sell any of our customer names or contact information at any time, and we will not use your email address for spamming or unsolicited mail.  Your email address is only used to communicate with you about your order including answering questions, sending proofs, sending order confirmations, and sending any other order related information.
How do we protect visitor information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive and credit card information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above. Your credit card information is not stored on our servers, and is passed directly to the payment processing companies.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Use of "cookies"
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart.
Log Files
As is true of most Web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and click-stream data.
We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
With the exception of IP addresses, we do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information. IP addresses are tied to personally identifiable information to reduce the amount of credit card fraud.
Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information except as appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.  Your credit card and identity is passed to the payment processing companies to securely handle credit card payments.
How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?
To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the "My Account" section of our site and remove your shipping and billing addresses information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.
Third party links
In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).
Electronic Images
The electronic form of all images used in the design of our wrappers or labels becomes the property of Favorite Announcements and may be used in the advertising of our product in both electronic (web) and print (brochures) form. Personal information (statistics) will not be used.  If you do not wish to have your personal photographs used, please let us know when you order.
Changes to our policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on May 16th, 2018.
Questions and feedback
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. You may email us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue. Please use one of the email addresses listed in the Contact Us area of the site.
Online Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
×
OK