http://www.staytite.com/privacy-policy
Dedicated to meeting all your fastening needs.
Privacy Policy
Key Details
This privacy policy sets out how Staytite, Ltd. uses and protects any information that you give Staytite, Ltd. when you use this website. Staytite, Ltd. is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Staytite, Ltd. may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from January, 2018.
The website privacy policy was updated on 10/05/18
If you have any questions about this policy, please email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Introduction
We gather and use certain information about individuals in order to provide products and services and to enable certain functions on this website.
We also collect information to better understand how visitors use this website and to present timely, relevant information to them.
What data we gather
We may collect the following information:
Name and Job Title
Contact information including email address
Your enquiry/message
Demographic information, such as postcode
Website usage data
Other information relevant to client enquiries
Other information pertaining to special offers and surveys
Google Analytics
IP address (this also helps us block repeated spam)
Google Analytics Data
Google Analytics stores information about:
the pages you visit on the website
how long you spend on each website page
what you click on while you’re visiting the site
We don’t collect or store your personal information (for example your name or address) unless you have actively passed it on to us, so this information can’t be used to identify who you are.
How we store your data
When you consent to filling in the enquiry form, your data is stored on the website's database and also emailed to the admin email associated with that form. You will also receive a user email which will detail what information we hold and a link to remove yourself from this database.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons: 1) Internal record keeping. 2) We may use the information to improve our products and services. 3) We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. 4) From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Google reCAPTCHA
ReCAPTCHA collects personal information from users to make this determination of whether they are human and not a bot to prevent SPAM. The reCAPTCHA algorithm checks to see if there is a Google cookie placed on the computer being used. An additional reCAPTCHA-specific cookie will then be added to the user’s browser allowing a complete snapshot of the user’s browser window at that moment in time.
Information gathered includes:
All cookies placed by Google over the last 6 months
How many mouse clicks you’ve made on that screen (or touches on a touch device)
The CSS information for that page
The date
The language your browser is set to
Any plugins you have installed on the browser
All Javascript objects
You can read Google’s terms and privacy for more information.
Newsletters
You will have a double-opt in option in order to receive marketing communications from us, including our monthly newsletter.
Unless you have double opted in, we will not add you to our mailing list.
We will never lease, distribute or sell your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission, or the law requires us to.
Any personal information we hold about you is stored and processed under our data protection policy, in line with the Data Protection Act 1998 and GDPR 2018.
You have the “Right to be forgotten” unless there are overriding legitimate grounds for us keeping the data (e.g. billing/client statistics)
Security
We always hold your information securely.
To prevent unauthorised disclosure or access to your information we have implemented security safeguards.
We also follow stringent procedures to ensure we work with all personal data in line with the Data Protection Act 1998 and GDPR 2018.
Data Breaches
We will report any unlawful data breach of this website’s database or the database(s) of any of our third party data processors to any and all relevant persons and authorities within 72 hours of the breach if it is apparent that personal data stored in an identifiable manner has been stolen.
Right to be Forgotten
You can fill in the form on our privacy policy page to review or remove your data at any time.
Cookie Policy
Our aim at www.staytite.com is to give you the smoothest and simplest experience while you browse our website. To continually enhance your experience we use cookies that store your preferences and give us data about what pages you visited, how much time you spent on our site etc. This helps us to improve your experience on our website. The cookies used do not store any information that is personal in nature and it is only analysed in an aggregated manner.
Please find below some more information regarding cookies and their use on our website:
What are Cookies?
Like many websites, we use cookies to help us monitor your use of the website. These cookies are used by Google Analytics so that we know when you’ve visited one page and then another. We also use cookies if you login to our website with a username and password we’ve given you. A cookie is a simple text file that is stored on your computer or mobile device by a website’s server and only that server will be able to retrieve or read the contents of that cookie. Every cookie is unique to your particular web browser. It will contain some anonymous information.
How we use cookies
We may use cookies to:
Analyse our web traffic using an analytics package. Aggregated usage data helps us improve the website structure, design, content and functions.To recognise when you return to our website.
Cookies do not provide us with access to your computer or any information about you, other than which you choose to share with us.
Google Analytics Cookies
You can “opt out” of Google Analytics cookies by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on here: Google Tools
This will block Google Analytics on all websites, or you can configure your browser to block cookies.
Controlling Cookies
You can use your web browser’s cookie settings to determine how our website uses cookies. If you do not want our website to store cookies on your computer or device you should set your web browser to refuse cookies.
How can you manage cookies?
To enable cookies
If you're not sure of the type and version of web browser you use to access the Internet:
For PCs: click on 'Help' at the top of your browser window and select the 'About' option
For Macs: with the browser window open, click on the Apple menu and select the 'About' option
How to check cookies are enabled for PCs
Google ChromeClick on 'Tools' at the top of your browser window and select OptionsClick the 'Under the Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content settings' buttonNow select 'Allow local data to be set' Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0, 7.0, 8.0Click on 'Tools' at the top of your browser window and select 'Internet options' , then click on the 'Privacy' tabEnsure that your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable cookies in your browserSettings above Medium will disable cookies Mozilla FirefoxClick on 'Tools' at the top of your browser window and select OptionsThen select the Privacy iconClick on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set cookies' SafariClick on the Cog icon at the top of your browser window and select the 'Preferences' optionClick on 'Security', check the option that says 'Block third-party and advertising cookies'Click 'Save'
How to check cookies are enabled for Macs
Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSXClick on 'Explorer' at the top of your browser window and select 'Preferences' optionsScroll down until you see 'Cookies' under Receiving FilesSelect the 'Never Ask' option Safari on OSXClick on 'Safari' at the top of your browser window and select the 'Preferences' optionClick on 'Security' then 'Accept cookies'Select the 'Only from site you navigate to'
Mozilla and Netscape on OSXClick on 'Mozilla' or 'Netscape' at the top of your browser window and select the 'Preferences' optionScroll down until you see cookies under 'Privacy & Security'Select 'Enable cookies for the originating web site only' OperaClick on 'Menu' at the top of your browser window and select 'Settings'Then select 'Preferences', select the 'Advanced' tabThen select 'Accept cookies' optionAll other browsersPlease consult your documentation or online help files.
How to Disable/Delete Cookies:
All modern browsers allow you to change your cookie preferences. These are generally found in the options menu on the browser. Click here
Further information about cookies
If you'd like to learn more about cookies in general and how to manage them, visit www.aboutcookies.org (opens in a new window - please note that we can't be responsible for the content of external websites).
Changes to this policy
The above may change at any time. We will endeavour to notify you of any major changes but you may wish to check it each time you visit our website. Last updated 10/05/18
Links from our site
Our website may contain links to other websites.
Please note that we have no control of websites outside of www.staytite.com. If you provide information to a website to which we link, we are not responsible for its protection and privacy.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes.
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen. You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please contact This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
After 25 May, 2018, you may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the General Data Protection Regulation. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please contact This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect. Additionally, if you would like us to remove any of the information we hold on you, please contact us as soon as possible at the above address. After verification, we will promptly remove the requested information. Alternatively fill in the "Right to Know" form on this page and a member of staff will contact you.
Your Data / Right to Know
Use this form to find out if we have any data stored on you from previous enquiries and/or remove any data related to your contact information from our database.
Please type your full name.
Please type a valid email address.
Please enter a telephone number.
Invalid Input
Your data will be stored and used to contact you regarding your enquiry. Read our privacy policy on how we use your data.
Could you email me with any data you have stored related to my contact information.To submit this form you must give your consent.
Remove my name, contact information and submission information from your database.To submit this form you must give your consent.
By submitting this form you give your consent and agree to the terms in our privacy policy.To submit this form you must give your consent.
This form is protected by Google Invisible reCAPTCHA.
Privacy | Terms
This website uses cookies to manage authentication, navigation, and other functions.
By using our website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
View Privacy Policy
View e-Privacy Directive Documents
I agree
I decline
Reconsider Cookies
You have declined cookies.
This decision can be reversed.
Remove Cookies
You have allowed cookies to be placed on your computer.
This decision can be reversed.