http://www.acm.org/public-policy/europe-tpc
skip to main content
Digital Library
CACM
Queue
TechNews
Career Center
Advancing Computing as a Science & Profession
Join
Volunteer
myACM
Search Input
Search Submit
Join
Volunteer
myACM
Search
About ACM
About Home
About ACM
Governance
ACM Council
Boards and Committees
Past Presidents
ACM Constitution
Bylaws
Annual Reports
History
Code of Ethics
Code of Ethics Enforcement Procedures
Stop Harassment
Report Unacceptable Behavior
ACM in the News
Media Center
Contact Us
About ACM
ACM, the world's largest educational and scientific computing society, delivers resources that advance computing as a science and a profession. ACM provides the computing field's premier Digital Library and serves its members and the computing profession with leading-edge publications, conferences, and career resources.
[Learn More about ACM...]
ACM Regional Councils
ACM: Formed at the Dawn of Computing
ACM Celebrates #BlackHistoryMonth
Membership
Membership Home
About Membership
Membership Options
Membership Benefits
Ambassadors for ACM
People of ACM
ACM People in the News
Join
Renew
Subscribe
Manage your Account / myACM
Distinguished Speakers
Contact Us
ACM Membership
ACM offers the resources, access and tools to invent the future. No one has a larger global network of professional peers. No one has more exclusive content. No one presents more forward-looking events. Or confers more prestigious awards. Or provides a more comprehensive learning center.
[Learn More about ACM Membership...]
Customer Service FAQs
Become an Ambassador for ACM
Publications
Publications Home
About Publications
Digital Library
CACM
Journals
Magazines
Books
Conference Proceedings
ICPS
SIGs Newsletters
Blue Diamond Newsletter
Applications-Oriented Content
For Authors
Master Article Templates
Open Access
Artifacts and Reproducibility
New ACM Journals
Propose New Publications
Policies
Report a Potential Violation
Publications Board
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us
About ACM Publications
For more than 60 years, the best and brightest minds in computing have come to ACM to meet, share ideas, publish their work and change the world. ACM's publications are among the most respected and highly cited in the field because of their longstanding focus on quality and their ability to attract pioneering thought leaders from both academia and industry.
[Learn More about ACM Publications...]
Publish with ACM
Select Application-Oriented Papers
Software and Data Artifacts in the ACM Digital Library
SIGs
Special Interest Groups Home
About SIGs
SIG Listing
Emerging Interest Groups
SIG Awards
SIG Chapters
Publications
Conferences
Join a SIG
Volunteer Resources
SIG Leaders
Contact Us
Special Interest Groups
ACM's Special Interest Groups (SIGs) represent major areas of computing, addressing the interests of technical communities that drive innovation. SIGs offer a wealth of conferences, publications and activities focused on specific computing sub-disciplines. They enable members to share expertise, discovery and best practices.
[Learn More about ACM's SIGs...]
Join an ACM SIG
Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices
Conferences
Conferences Home
About Conferences
Conference Series
Upcoming Conferences
Get Conference Proceedings
Upcoming Submission Deadlines
ACM Author Rights & Permissions
Best Paper Awards
Volunteer Resources
Contact Us
ACM and its Special Interest Groups Host More Than 170 Events Worldwide
Our conferences, workshops and symposia unite innovators like you to push computing technology forward and to continue the legacy that unites us as like-minded thinkers and makers.
[Learn More about ACM Conferences...]
Find an ACM Conference
Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices
Chapters
Chapters Home
About Chapters
Professional Chapters
Student Chapters
Meetups
Newsletter
Calendar of Local Activities
Distinguished Speakers
Annual Reports
Find a Chapter
Start a Chapter
Chapter Policies
Chapter Administrative Interface
Contact Us
About ACM Chapters
ACM’s Professional and Student chapters worldwide serve as hubs of activity for ACM members and the computing community at large. They provide seminars, lectures, learning forums and networking opportunities with peers and experts across the computing spectrum.
[Learn More about ACM Chapters...]
Chapter-in-a-Box: Everything You Need to Run and Grow Your ACM Chapter
Chapter Administrative Interface
Start an ACM Chapter
Awards
Awards Home
About Awards
Award Recipients
ACM Fellows
ACM Advanced Member Grades
ACM Awards Committee
Nominate
Award Sponsors
Establish a New Award
Contact Us
About ACM Awards
ACM recognizes excellence through its eminent awards for technical and professional achievements and contributions in computer science and information technology. It also names as Fellows and Distinguished Members those members who, in addition to professional accomplishments, have made significant contributions to ACM's mission.
More on ACM Awards
Applications Now Open for Cutler-Bell Prize for High School Students
Team from Chinese/US Institutions Receives 2020 Gordon Bell Prize
First ACM Gordon Bell Special Prize for HPC-Based COVID-19 Research Awarded
Education
Education Home
About Education
Curricula Recommendations
Affiliated Organizations
ACM Learning Center
Resources for Educators
Resources for Graduating Students
Education Board and Advisory Committee
Reports and Studies
Contact Us
Education
ACM’s educational activities, conducted primarily through our Education Board and Advisory Committee, range from the K-12 space (CSTA) and two-year programs to undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral-level education, and professional development for computing practitioners at every stage of their career...
[Learn More about Education…]
Code Reviews – From Bottleneck to Superpower
It's Time Deep Learning Learned from Software Engineering
ACM ByteCast Ep8: Jennifer Widom
Learning Center
Learning Center Home
About the Learning Center
E-Learning
Member Offers
TechTalks
ByteCast
Resources
FAQs
Practitioner Board
Professional Development Committee
About ACM Learning Center
The ACM Learning Center offers ACM members access to lifelong learning tools and resources. Our E-Learning collections offer complimentary access to more than 55,000 online books and videos from top content publishers. The ACM TechTalk series brings leading computing luminaries and visionaries to your screen. Members enjoy exclusive offers and discounts on IT industry certifications and vendor-specific training.
ACM ByteCast Episode 6: Robin Murphy
ACM ByteCast Episode 7: Swetak Patel
ACM ByteCast Ep8: Jennifer Widom
Public Policy
Public Policy Home
About ACM's Public Policy Work
Tech Policy Council
Europe Tech Policy
US Tech Policy
Policy Products
Media Releases
Contact Us
Public Policy
ACM provides independent, nonpartisan, and technology-neutral research and resources to policy leaders, stakeholders, and the public about public policy issues, drawn from the deep technical expertise of the computing community.
[Learn More about ACM's Public Policy Work...]
ACM Europe TPC Comments on UK National Data Strategy
USTPC Urges Narrower Definition of Computer Fraud and Abuse Act
Diversity & Inclusion
Diversity & Inclusion Home
About Diversity & Inclusion
Stop Harassment
Report Unacceptable Behavior
Forming Diverse Teams
Words Matter
ACM Code of Ethics
ACM-W
ACM Future of Computing Academy
Contact Us
Diversity & Inclusion
Anyone, from any background, should feel encouraged to participate and contribute to ACM. ACM is committed to creating an environment that welcomes new ideas and perspectives, and where hostility or other antisocial behaviors are not tolerated.
[Learn More about ACM's Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion...]
Words Matter
How Diverse Is Your Team?
ACM Diversity and Inclusion Council Co-chairs
Public Policy Home
About ACM's Public Policy Work
Tech Policy Council
Europe Tech Policy
US Tech Policy
Policy Products
Media Releases
Contact Us
Public Policy
Global Policy and Public Affairs
ACM provides independent, nonpartisan, and technology-neutral research and resources to policy leaders, stakeholders, and the public about public policy issues, drawn from the deep technical expertise of the computing community.
Public Policy
Europe TPC
ACM Europe Technology Policy Committee
The ACM Europe Technology Policy Committee promotes dialogue and the exchange of ideas on technology and computing policy issues with the European Commission and other governmental bodies in Europe, and the informatics and computing communities. Chaired by Oliver Grau of Intel, the Committee engages in policy issues related to the importance of technology in boosting jobs, economic growth, competition, investment, research and development, education, inclusive social development, and innovation.
The Committee promotes sound public policy and public understanding of a broad range of issues at the intersection of technology and policy. Its policy statements reflect the expertise of ACM Europe Council professional members from the public and private sectors experienced in informatics, computer science, and other computing-related subjects.
As the internet is global, the Committee works with other ACM entities on publications, projects, and policies related to emergent cross-border issues, such as e-privacy, cybersecurity, cloud computing, big data, the Internet of Things, and internet governance.
ACM Europe TPC Comments on UK National Data Strategy
ACM’s Europe Technology Policy Committee has formally urged the UK government to assure that its National Data Strategy provide for datasets that are open, subject to multidisciplinary expert review, protected by robust risk assessment, and compiled in consultation with marginalized communities to assure their benefit to all sectors of society.
ACM Europe TPC Statement on Contact Tracing
ACM’s Europe Technology Policy Committee issued detailed principles and practices for the development and deployment of contact tracing technology intended to track and arrest the spread of COVID-19. The statement calls on governments that adopt such systems to choose "only those which... respect and protect the rights of all individuals; safeguard personal data and privacy to the highest degree technically possible; and are subject to scrutiny by the scientific community and civil society before, during and after deployment." Read the statement in Italian here and in French here.
ACM Europe TPC Comments on Green Deal
ACM’s Europe Technology Policy Committee submitted comments to the Directorate General for Climate Action of the European Commission in support of the comprehensive and ambitious sweep of the Commission’s Green Deal. ACM Europe TPC strongly concurs with the Commission’s premise that realizing true energy efficiencies in the information and communication technology (ICT) sector will be critical to Europe’s success in meeting the Green Deal’s appropriately aggressive climate targets.
ACM Europe Technology Policy Committee
Chair
Chris Hankin
Vice Chair
Paola Inverardi
Immediate Past Chair
Oliver Grau
Former Chair
Fabrizio Gagliardi
Executive Committee
Fabrizio Gagliardi
Oliver
Grau
Chris
Hankin
Manuel
Hermenegildo
Paola
Inverardi
Autonomous Systems Working Group Chair
Gerhard Schimpf
Differential AI Working Group Chair
Alejandro Saucedo
Smart Cities Working Group Chair
Chris Hankin
Climate Change Working Group
Bran Knowles
Members-at-Large
Tom Crick
Wendy
Hall
Andrew
McGettrick
Enrico
Nardelli
Gurkan
Solmaz
Julie
Williamson
ACM Europe Council Chair, ex officio
Panagiota Fatourou
ACM Technology Policy Council Chair, ex officio
Lorraine Kisselburgh
ACM Technology Policy Council Vice Chair, ex officio
Michel Beaudouin-Lafon
ACM US Technology Policy Committee Chair, ex officio
James Hendler
ACM Chief Executive Officer, ex officio
Vicki Hanson
ACM Chief Operating Officer, ex officio
Patricia Ryan
ACM Director of Global Policy, ex officio
Adam Eisgrau
Chris Hankin Named ACM Europe Technology Policy Committee Chair
Chris Hankin has been named Chair of the ACM Europe Technology Policy Committee. Hankin is Professor of Computer Science at Imperial College London where he is a Fellow of the Institute for Security Science and Technology. He is past chair of the ACM Europe Council and a member of the ACM Publications Board.
ACM Europe TPC Comments on AI White Paper
ACM’s Europe Technology Policy Committee submitted comments to the European Commission on "Artificial Intelligence—A European approach to excellence and trust," which addresses the future of AI in Europe. The comments, submitted in questionnaire form, asked the Commission to rate priorities based on their perceived importance, such as skills and training; public/private partnerships; and financing for startups.
Advancing Cybersecurity Research and Education in Europe
A new policy white paper by the ACM Europe Technology Policy Committee, "Advancing Cybersecurity Research and Education in Europe: Major Drivers of Growth in the Digital Landscape," explores the important role of cybersecurity research and education in enhancing cybersecurity, and provides an overview of emerging trends and challenges, including new privacy and security concerns.
Europe TPC, IE Recommendations on Automated Decision Making
The white paper "When Computers Decide: European Recommendations on Machine-Learned Automated Decision Making" presents the views of the ACM Europe Technology Policy Committee and Informatics Europe (IE) on the challenges posed by the increasing presence of Machine Learning and Automated Decision Making (ADM) systems in almost every aspect of modern human life.
ACM US and European Policy Committees List Seven Principles to Address Algorithmic Bias
Recognizing the ubiquity of algorithms in our daily lives, as well as their far-reaching impact, the ACM US Technology Policy Committee and the ACM Europe Technology Policy Committee have issued a statement and a list of seven principles designed to address potential harmful bias. The US ACM committee approved the principles earlier this year, and the European ACM committee approved them on May 25.
ACM US and Europe Tech Policy Committees Issue Statement on IoT Privacy and Security
The ACM US Technology Policy Committee and the ACM Europe Technology Policy Committee have released a Statement on Internet of Things Privacy and Security addressing existing and expected privacy and security concerns in the IoT ecosystem. The principles in the statement propose policy and technical approaches to tackle privacy and security challenges while ensuring that the technology continues to move forward.
What Should Europe’s Cybersecurity Policy Focus On?
A new report on cybersecurity policy published by the European Commission’s top scientific advisers cites the ACM Europe Technology Policy Committee’s White Paper on “Advancing Cybersecurity Research and Education in Europe” and the ACM US Technology Policy Committee’s Principles on Algorithmic Transparency and Accountability. Among the report’s recommendations, the scientific advisers call for global cybersecurity cooperation.