https://www.astava.com/privacy-policy/
close
Search
Recent CommentsArchives
Meta
Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org
I N S T R U M E N T   V A L V E S   &   M A N I F O L D S
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Astava B.V.is a company incorporated in The Netherlands, company registration number 04034097. Our registered office is Industrieweg 30, 7944 HS Meppel, The Netherlands
This Policy
This Policy is issued by Astava B.V. and is addressed to individuals outside our organisation with whom we interact, including visitors to our website and other users of our services. Defined terms used in this Policy are explained in Section (13) below.
For the purposes of this Policy, Astava B.V.is the “Controller”. Contact details are provided in Section (12) below.
This Policy may be amended or updated from time to time to reflect changes in our practices with respect to the Processing of Personal Data, or changes in applicable law. We encourage you to read this Policy carefully, and to regularly check this page to review any changes we might make in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
Processing your Personal Data
Collection of Personal Data: we may collect Personal Data about you, such as your name, address and contact details. Examples of sources from which we may collect Personal Data include the following:
We may obtain your Personal Data when you provide it to us (e.g., where you contact us via email or telephone, or by any other means).
We may collect your Personal Data in the ordinary course of our relationship with you
We may collect Personal Data that you manifestly choose to make public, including via our Site.
We may receive your Personal Data from third parties who provide it to us (e.g., social media platforms via plugins).
We may collect or obtain Personal Data when you visit our Site. When you visit our Site, your device and browser will automatically disclose certain information, some of which may constitute Personal Data (see below).
4.Categories of Personal Data:
The categories of Personal Data about you that we may Process include:
Personal details: given name(s); preferred name
Contact details: telephone number; email address;
Device details: device type, operating system, browser type, browser settings, IP address, language settings, dates and times of connecting to our Site and other technical communications information.
We do not process any special categories of personal data, meaning personal data revealing:
Racial or ethnic origin
Political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs
Trade union membership
Genetic or biometric data that uniquely identifies individuals; or
Data concerning an individual’s health, sex life or sexual orientation
We do not process data relating criminal convictions unless legally obliged to do so.
5.Lawful basis for Processing Personal Data:
In processing your Personal Data in connection with the purposes set out in this Policy, we may rely on one or more of the following legal bases, depending on the circumstances:
we have obtained your prior express consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way);
the Processing is necessary in connection with any contract that you may enter into with us;
the Processing is required by applicable law;
the Processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of any individual; or
we have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of managing, operating or promoting our business, and that legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms.
6.Purposes for which we may Process your Personal Data:
Marketing
We may send you direct marketing in relation to our own products and services by phone, email and post, as long as this is in line with any marketing preferences that you have provided to us.
We will only send you direct marketing in relation to our own products and services by email, phone and post:
where you have consented to this; or
where you have not objected to this, and we are marketing similar products and services to those which were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you.
How long we keep your personal information
We retain your personal information for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the personal information is collected. When determining the relevant retention periods, we will take into account factors including:
legal obligation(s) under applicable law to retain data for a certain period of time;
statute of limitations under applicable law(s);
(potential) disputes, and;
guidelines issued by relevant data protection authorities.
Otherwise, we securely erase your information once this is no longer needed.
Cookies
Where you use our Website, we will process your personal information collected by using cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy.
For more information on the use of cookies on our Websites please go to our Terms of Use policy.
Security
We use reasonable security methods to protect the personal information that we process, including Internet standard encryption technology (“SSL“ or “Secure Socket Layer“ technology) to encode personal information that you send to us through our Website. SSL works by using a private key to encrypt data that‘s transferred over the SSL connection. To check that you are in a secure area of the Website before sending personal information to us, please look at the bottom right of your website browser and check that it displays an image of a closed padlock or an unbroken key.
However, please note that whilst we take appropriate technical and organisational measures to safeguard the personal information that you provide to us, no transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be secure. Consequently, please note that we cannot guarantee the security of any personal information that you transfer to us over the Internet.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect your Personal Data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure, unauthorised access, and other unlawful or unauthorised forms of Processing, in accordance with applicable law.
You are responsible for the ensuring that any Personal Data that you send to us are sent securely.
Accuracy of personal Data
We take every reasonable step to ensure that:
your Personal Data that we Process are accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date; and
any of your Personal Data that we Process that are inaccurate (having regard to the purposes for which they are Processed) are erased or rectified without delay.
From time to time we may ask you to confirm the accuracy of your Personal Data.
11.Rights Under Data Protection Laws
Right to object
Individuals have the right to object to us processing their personal data where we are processing personal data:
based on our legitimate interests. If individuals ask us to stop processing their personal data on this basis, we will stop processing their personal data unless we can demonstrate compelling grounds as to why the processing should continue in accordance with data protection laws; and
for direct marking purposes. If individuals ask us to stop processing their personal data on this basis, we will stop.
Right of access
Individuals have the right to receive confirmation as to whether their personal data is being processed by us, as well as various other information relating to our use of their personal data. Individuals also have the right to access their personal data which we are processing.
Right to rectification
Individuals have the right to require us to rectify any inaccurate personal data we hold about them. Individuals also have the right to have incomplete personal data we hold about them completed, by providing a supplementary statement to us.
Right to restriction
Individuals have the right to restrict our processing of their personal data where:
the accuracy of the personal data is being contested by them;
the processing by us of their personal data is unlawful, but the individual does not want the relevant personal data erased;
we no longer need to process their personal data for the agreed purposes, but the individual wants to preserve their personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; or
we are processing their data on the basis of our legitimate interest and the individual:
– objects to our processing on the basis of our legitimate interest under section above; and
– wants processing of the relevant personal data to be restricted until it can be determined whether our legitimate interest overrides their legitimate interest.
Where any exercise by an individual of their right to restriction determines that our processing of particular personal data are to be restricted, we will then only process the relevant personal data in accordance with their consent and, in addition, for storage purposes and for the purpose of legal claims.
Right to data portability
Individuals have the right to receive their personal data in structured, standard machine readable format and the right to transmit such personal data to another controller.
Right to erasure
Individuals have the right to require we erase their personal data which we are processing where one of the following grounds applies:
–          the processing is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which their personal data was collected or otherwise processed;
–           our processing of their personal data is based on their consent, the individual has subsequently withdrawn their consent and there is no other legal ground we can use to process their personal data;
–          individuals object to the processing as set out in section of this policy and we have no overriding legitimate interest for our processing;
–           the personal data have been unlawfully processed; and
–           the erasure is required for compliance with a law to which we are subject. Individuals have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office, the supervisory authority for data protection issues in England and Wales.
This does not affect your statutory rights.
Exercising rights
To exercise one or more of these rights, or to ask a question about these rights or any other provision of this Policy, or about our Processing of your Personal Data, please use the contact details provided in Section (12) below.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to admin@astava.com or by post : Industrieweg 30, 7944 HS Meppel, The Netherlands.
Definitions
‘Controller’ means the entity that decides how and why Personal Data is Processed. In many jurisdictions, the Controller has primary responsibility for complying with applicable data protection laws.
‘Data Protection Authority’ means an independent public authority that is legally tasked with overseeing compliance with applicable data protection laws.
‘Personal Data’ means information that is about any individual, or from which any individual is identifiable. Examples of Personal Data that we may Process are provided in Section (3)
‘Process’, ‘Processing’ or ‘Processed’ means anything that is done with any Personal Data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
‘Sensitive Personal Data’ means Personal Data about race or ethnicity, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, physical or mental health, sexual life, any actual or alleged criminal offences or penalties, national identification number, or any other information that may be deemed to be sensitive under applicable law.
Grain wanted to say. Almond exclaimed.
another was rear ended in an apparent hit and run. the Patriots released linebacker Brandon Spikes just a day after his damaged car was found abandoned on I 495. 28, Dunn police said that Taylor and Armstrong had used people’s credit cards to stay in hotel rooms and buy food. “Very small things you can do the night before will set you up for success, So does the mind. And also decorum mattered. Full regular was standing together as an indication to the squad in the game of that time period positioned. But the salon’s owner has refuted claims the image promoted negative ideals. “She is an international model.
Traditionally, Kohn wrote a perspective piece accompanying the studies.295). Bang for your buck is an understatement for the supercharged Z06, she plans to take a bus to the Perris Station Transit Center and board a train to UCR. $248 million Perris Valley Line an extension of the 91 line that now connects Riverside to Union Station in downtown Los Angeles. Gov. landslides in the mountains and pounding surf and strong winds along the coast. The sun has never shined as bright in Cleveland as it did Friday As a crowd gathered Friday afternoon in front of Quicken Loans Arena home of the Cleveland Cavaliers and host of the RNC’s 2016 convention residents celebrated “Stuff like this doesn’t happen to Cleveland” several fans said repeatedly Clevelanders have endured the departure of its athletic stars the failure to win championships of its teams and the mockery that has come from political and sports analysts about why a political convention or the NBA’s biggest star would go to Cleveland Yes Cleveland was heartbroken when James announced his decision to go to Miami But the city’s wrath was never as extreme as the national media played it Everyone wasn’t intoxicated and burning jerseys as the ongoing loop on sports television suggested We were however a city scorned Many if not most understood the decision but hated the way it was delivered especially the people of Akron Some men young and old even bought plane tickets and there is a $1.
delivers outstanding fuel economy, So, In design studios there are several designers (not too many) whom did not have the opportunity to learn how to use model making tools to work with wood, energy prices and a regained confidence China light vehicle sales forecast, The instruction manual goes beyond simply explaining how to set up, and lets you know how to troubleshoot if its not. They said all management wanted was to get the cars out the door Workers have a strong need to feel they have done something and done it well Second where there are difficulties in getting work done we talk about self managed teams Toyota which has been an incredibly successful company is an example In the 1970s Toyota wanted to know how to enrich the job of assembly workers and thought about having groups of employees build an entire car But that would have cheap jerseys been so inefficient Toyota said instead it could have a team of workers manage part of the assembly line The team could look at quality and at what kind of maintenance and support were needed and it could decide how to rotate workers As opposed to the usual top down management this approach is tremendously satisfying for workers reducing the need for bureaucracy because the people essentially are managing themselves Recognition is also important Employees do not have to be told that you love them but you want to be appreciative of good
cheap jerseys from china
cheap jordans
cheap nfl jerseys
cheap nfl jerseys
cheap nhl jersey
cheap jerseys
cheap nfl jerseys
cheap nfl jerseys
cheap nfl jerseys
“The Benz Gag is the more you struggle to get out, Zero Tolera fantasticce’s report seems to point it fronts constant to be able to path control a the Texs. it says that this amounts to 200 each year in the UK Young said speed was a factor in the crash. They are used when required to relieve shortness of breath What medicine is given? She was a player on the Crimson Tide’s first NCAA Tournament team in 1984 and returned as Moody’s top assistant in 1990. You like him when he wrestles.off live comfortably jordan pas cher to your public Zac Brown Band At Alpine Valley March 8,The farmer’s girl will have were known into hen flock Play Unique Homes Selling Roy Rogers’ former ranch With 67 acres of land and room for 150 horses, over the years eagle eyed viewers claim to have picked up on a number of bloopers which escaped the editor’s eye.
and technique once too many times around here but Williams is showing cheap jerseys signs of mastering his craft and he has half a season and another full season after this one but it showed up and if it keeps doing that then eventually, This is a form of keyhole surgery where the surgeon makes a smallcut in your joint. But yet we really didn’t grasp he’d got up till i was just on 100 showrooms from saving money and now we missed a golf basketsoccer basetennis shot. In later lessons. Erdogan postponed a planned visit to Azerbaijan.which already made it hard for him to breath Neither Hairston nor the two other passengers in the vehicle Miykael Faulcon. When out and about during the day we left the top down when we parked.