http://www.bankofengland.co.uk/legal/privacy-and-cookie-policy
Our use of cookies
We use necessary cookies to make our site work (for example, to manage your session). We’d also like to use some non-essential cookies (including third-party cookies) to help us improve the site. By clicking ‘Accept recommended settings’ on this banner, you accept our use of optional cookies.
Necessary cookies
Analytics cookies
Yes
Yes
Accept recommended cookies
Yes
No
Proceed with necessary cookies only
Necessary cookies
Necessary cookies enable core functionality on our website such as security, network management, and accessibility. You may disable these by changing your browser settings, but this may affect how the website functions.
Analytics cookies
We use analytics cookies so we can keep track of the number of visitors to various parts of the site and understand how our website is used. For more information on how these cookies work please see our Cookie policy.
Skip to main content
Home
Legal
Cookie Policy
Cookies statement
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or other device by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
Related links
Related links
Privacy and the Bank of England
Information
we collect about your use our website
The Bank of England ('we' or the 'Bank') collects personal data about visitors to its websites www.bankofengland.co.uk and our recruitment site https://bankofengland.taleo.net (except to the extent the recruitment site includes supplementary information).
When someone visits our websites we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information (such as IP address and type of browser they’re using) and details of visitor behaviour patterns.
We do this to allow us to keep track of the number of visitors to the various parts of the sites and understand how our website is used.
We do not make any attempt to find out the identities or nature of those visiting our websites. You can find out more about how we use cookies, including Google Analytics, in the section marked ‘Cookies we use’ below.
In any instance where we collect personal data through our websites, we will make this clear and will set out how we will use this. We will only use your personal data in a way that is compatible with the uses outlined to you, except where it’s necessary for us to do otherwise - for example, where we have a legal obligation to disclose your personal data. We won’t share your information with any other organisations for marketing, market research or commercial purposes and we don’t pass on your details to other websites.
Managing or removing cookies
You can remove cookies by deleting them from your browser history (cache) when you leave the site.  You can find more information about cookies, including how to control the use of these through your browser settings, at Allaboutcookies.org or www.aboutcookies.org.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Find out how to manage cookies on popular browsers:
Google Chrome
Microsoft Edge
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Opera
Apple Safari
Please note that the Bank website will not work properly without cookies.
Cookies we use
Cookie
Name
Purpose
Cookie preference
boeconsent
A pop-up welcome message will be displayed when you first visit our websites. We’ll store a cookie so that your computer knows that you’ve accepted the recommended or necessary cookies and knows on subsequent visits not to show it again.
If you have accepted recommended cookies, the cookie will expire after 90 days.
If you have accepted necessary cookies, the cookie will expire after 1 day.
Sessions
__RequestVerificationToken
ASP.NET_SessionId
ROUTEID
bm_sv
These cookies identify your browsing session. We do not seek to identify the identity or nature of individual users.
These cookies expire at the end of your session.
Content delivery
AKA_A2
Ak_bmsc
TS01b80d1f
We use Akamai content delivery to ensure that our site can handle multiple visitors.
These cookies expire at the end of your session.
YouTube
We embed videos from our official YouTube channel using YouTube’s privacy-enhanced mode. This mode may set cookies on your computer once you click on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not store personally identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos.
Read more at YouTube’s embedding videos information page.
Snazzy maps
ARRAffinity
NID
We embed styled Google maps on some of our pages.
Tableau
tableau_locale
tableau_public_negotiated_locale
JSESSIONID
We embed Tableau charts and interactivity on some of our pages. You have the option to accept the cookies before viewing the Tableau content.
These cookies expire at the end of your session.
Tableau analytics
_gat_UA-625217-22
_gat_UA-625217-47
_gid
We embed Tableau charts and interactivity on some of our pages. These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use the Tableau functionality. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the website, where visitors have come to the website from and the pages they visited.
You have the option to accept the cookies before viewing the Tableau content.
Sitecore Content Management System
SC_ANALYTICS_GLOBAL_COOKIE
We use Sitecore web analytics on our forms to identify repeat visits by unique users.
This cookie will expire after 10 years.
KeySurvey
JSESSIONID
We use KeySurvey for some of our forms. This cookie is used to maintain an anonymous user session.
This cookie expires at the end of your session.
Mailchimp
_AVESTA_ENVIRONMENT
_abck
_ak_bmsc
_bm_sz
We use Mailchimp to send our email newsletters. This cookie is used for our embedded sign up form.
These cookies expire at the end of your session.
Crazy Egg
_cfduid
We use Crazy Egg to collect information about how visitors use our website. Crazy Egg uses CloudFlare to identify individual clients behind a shared IP address, and apply security settings on a per-client basis.
This is a HTTP type cookie that expires after 1 year.
Cludo
_cfduid
We use Cludo for the search functionality on our website. Cludo uses CloudFlare to identify individual clients behind a shared IP address, and apply security settings on a
per-client basis.
This is a HTTP type cookie that expires after 1 year.
Vimeo
player
vuid
We embed videos from our official Vimeo channel. When you press play Vimeo will drop third party cookies to enable the the video to play and to collect analytics data such as how long a viewer has watched the video. These cookies do not track individuals.
Google Tag Manager (Analytics)
_ga
_gat_UA-5804066-4
_gid
_gali
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our website. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. The
cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the website, where visitors have come to the website from and the pages they visited.
Read Google's overview of privacy and safeguarding data.
Database sessions
bm_mi
ASPSESSIONIDSSTBRTQA
These cookies identify your browsing session on our database. We do not seek to identify the identity or nature of individual users.
These cookies expire at the end of your session.
Microsoft Clarity
_clck
We use Clarity to understand how users are interacting with our website. The cookie collects information in an anonymous form.
This is a HTTP type cookie that expires after 1 year.
Third parties may transfer your data outside the EEA as described in their privacy statements.
Your rights
You have various rights under data protection laws.
See our main privacy page.
Changes to this statement
We keep our cookies information under regular review.
This statement was last reviewed in January 2020.
Back to top
This page was last updated 18 November 2020
Give your feedback
Was this page useful?
Yes, it was useful
Yes
No, it wasn't useful
No
Page UrlIs MobileBrowserIP AddressOperating System
Thanks!
Would you like to give more detail?
Press Spacebar or Enter to select
What did you think of this page?
Add your details...Page UrlIs MobileBrowserOperating System
Please prove that you're not a robot: