http://www.interpretext.com/privacy/
Skip Navigation
About Us
Contact Us
Jobs
Services>>
Translation
Overview
Certification and Notarization
Rate Quote
Instant Quote
Revision
Overview
Rate Quote
Interpretation
Overview
On-Site Interpretation
Telephonic Interpretation
Corporate Language Solutions
Overview
Language Instruction
Business Card Translation
Email Translation
Client Portal
Convenient Billing
Services to Law Firms
Overview
Language Services
Process Service
Legal Document Retrieval
Client Portal
Convenient Billing
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We realize how important it is to you to understand what happens to your Personal Information when you use Interpretext services. Interpretext is committed to protecting the privacy of data that you, the user ("you"), submit to this website or to websites under the operation and control of Interpretext (as indicated by your ability to access such websites via hyperlinks on www.interpretext.com or www.interpretext.net). To demonstrate this commitment, Interpretext has adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy"). Our policy is based on the principles of notice/awareness, choice/consent, access/participation, and integrity/security in the collection and use of all information regarding our users and their activities at the www.interpretext.com and www.interpretext.net websites (collectively "Website"). Please review this policy each time you use the Website, as it is subject to change at any time with or without notice by Interpretext. Whether or not Interpretext places notice on the Website indicating that this Privacy Policy has been modified, it is your obligation to review the Privacy Policy from time to time. By accessing the Website, you are indicating your agreement to this Privacy Policy. Any changes to the Privacy Policy will be effective immediately upon posting to the Website.
Notice of Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains the collection, use, and disclosure of your information in connection with translation, revision, interpretation, DTP, global process service, and/or global document research & retrieval services (collectively the "Service").
This Privacy Policy supplements and is incorporated into the Interpretext Terms and Conditions for the Supply of Service (currently available on the Website at http://www.interpretext.com/terms/), and you agree to be bound by its terms and conditions. Interpretext reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended version on the Website. By continuing to use the Service, you agree to the terms of the then-current version of this Privacy Policy. If at any time you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, you must discontinue using the Service. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact Interpretext at http://www.interpretext.com/contact/.
Information that may be collected based on your use of the Service includes Personal Information and Non-Personal Information. "Personal Information" is information that would allow someone to identify or contact you, including, for example, your full name, address, telephone number, or email address, as well as information that is associated with or linked to such contact information. "Non-Personal Information" is information that is not associated with or linked to the individually identifying contact information of a specific person including without limitation information about your use of the Service, also referred to as "Usage Data". "Aggregate Data" is the combined information collected from all of the users of the Service, or from subgroups of our users, which does not contain any individually identifying contact information. In other words, Aggregate Data is never connected to you individually.
1. What Types of Information Is Collected and Why?
Personal Information. You provide certain Personal Information to Interpretext when you: (a) register and sign up for the Service, (b) log into your account with the Service, or (c) use the Service, submit forms, or send other information to Interpretext.
Interpretext may also receive Personal Information about you from other users, our partners, or third parties, who may communicate information to Interpretext about you.
Non-Personal Information. Interpretext collects Non-Personal Information as well. Interpretext's software and servers also automatically collect Usage Information, which includes, but is not limited to, your frequency and duration of interaction with the Service.
Information collected by Cookies. Interpretext may also make use of website "cookies" to help you use the Service more easily and to help Interpretext continuously improve the Website and the value of the Service to you. A "cookie" is a small data file that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your hard drive to help that website "remember" information about you when you return to that website, such as the specific web pages you previously visited. Interpretext's cookies do not read data off of your hard drive, read cookie files created by other websites, or track any personal information about you. Interpretext's cookies do monitor Website usage, including the collection of IP addresses of visitors to the Website. Interpretext does not, however, collect any Personal Information with cookies. You may have the option of setting your browser to reject cookies; however, doing so may negatively impact the performance of the Website or restrict Interpretext in effectively serving your needs and interests. The "Help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. The Personal Information and Non-Personal Information allows Interpretext to efficiently and properly serve you, and to contact you should the need arise in order to respond appropriately to your requests.
2. Who Collects Information About You?
Interpretext operates the Service and collects Personal Information as explained in this Privacy Policy. You may contact Interpretext by mail at:
Interpretext, Inc.
5644 Westheimer Road #245
Houston, TX
77056-4002
United States of America
or by Internet at http://www.interpretext.com/contact/. Interpretext collects information when you register, use the Service, and respond to promotions that Interpretext may offer from time to time.
In addition, while using the Service, you may disclose information to parties other than Interpretext. For example, you may receive offers, promotions, and advertisements that originate from third parties; when you respond to these offers, promotions, or advertisements, third parties may collect information about your activities. The information practices of those third parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
3. How May Interpretext Use Your Personal Information?
Interpretext may use your Personal Information to improve the quality of the Service and to boost the relevance of the offering delivered to you. Interpretext uses your Non-Personal Information to provide you with content (such as offers, promotions, etc.) that Interpretext believes will be of interest to you. Interpretext will retain information collected on a secure server so that on re-visiting the Website, your access can be more easily expedited. Interpretext may use this information in an aggregated form to measure number of visits, average time spent on the Website, pages viewed, and other related statistics. Interpretext collects this information to measure the use of the Website and to improve the content of the Website. Interpretext uses your personally identifying information to identify you as a user of the Website and to assist and speed the completion of transactions through the Website. Interpretext may use your email address to contact you directly regarding services or products that Interpretext believes may be of interest to you. Interpretext may also use information collected about your preferences and activities on the Website, such as the particular pages you visit on the Website, your history of purchases, and/or other transactions that you effect through the Website. Interpretext may vary the content you receive in future visits to the Website based on your past preferences and activities.
Interpretext uses Usage Data to maintain and improve the Service. Interpretext also uses Usage Data to do such things as operate and enhance the Service and negotiate with vendors.
4. Disclosure of Your Information
Interpretext will never disclose any of your Personal Information except when given your permission or under special circumstances, such as when Interpretext believes in good faith that the law requires it or under the circumstances described below.
Interpretext may disclose Aggregate Data. Interpretext may also share your responses to questions, promotions, etc. Interpretext may combine statistical results concerning the usage of the Website to prepare collective profiles of users' activities for Interpretext's internal use. For example, Interpretext may track the number of Interpretext users who view certain pages or use certain features of the Website. Such information, and other information Interpretext derives from individual users' information allows Interpretext to continue to grow and to provide you with high-quality information and service.
Due to legal rules beyond Interpretext's control, Interpretext cannot fully ensure that your private communications and other Personal Information will not be disclosed to other third parties. For example, if Interpretext needs to investigate or resolve possible problems or enquiries, or if Interpretext receives a subpoena requesting information about you or communications by or to you, Interpretext can, and you authorize Interpretext to (without any opportunity by you to challenge the validity of the request or the subpoena), disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials or the party serving the subpoena as Interpretext believes necessary or appropriate.
5. Privacy Protections for Children
Interpretext feels very strongly about protecting the privacy of children and encourages children to involve their parents in any online activities in which they participate. In order to protect the privacy of younger Internet users, children under the age of 13 are prohibited from using Interpretext Services.
6. Choices You Have Regarding the Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Your Personal Information
You can limit the collection and use of different elements of your Personal Information by not participating in those activities for which Interpretext collects Personal Information. You may opt out at any time.
You may also choose to discontinue the collection of your Personal Information by discontinuing your use of the Service.
7. Accuracy and Access
Certain areas of the Website may restrict access to specific individuals through the use of passwords and through providing personal data. Interpretext strives to keep your personally identifiable information accurate. Interpretext will provide you with access to your information, including online access to your registration data so that you may view, update or correct your information on the Website. To protect your privacy and security, Interpretext will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access or enabling you to make corrections. Any links to third-party web sites on the Website are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave the Interpretext site. Interpretext has not reviewed all of these third party sites and does not control and is not responsible for any of these sites, their content, or their privacy policies. Thus, Interpretext does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to the Website, you do so at your own risk.
8. Interpretext Security Procedures
Please keep in mind that no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while Interpretext strives to protect your Personal Information, Interpretext cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Interpretext or from the Service, and you do so at your own risk. Once Interpretext receives your transmission, Interpretext exerts best effort to ensure its security on Interpretext's systems by implementing industry-standard security measures.
General
Interpretext may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended Privacy Policy at the Website. Interpretext encourages you to investigate and ask questions about disclosing any information to third parties; this is a good practice to follow in all of your online activities.
This Privacy Policy is governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of Texas in the United States, without regard to its conflict of laws principles. Jurisdiction for any claims arising under or out of this Privacy Policy shall lie exclusively with the state and federal courts within the State of Texas. If any provision of this Privacy Policy is found to be invalid by a court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Privacy Policy, which shall remain in full force and effect. Under no circumstances shall Interpretext have any liability whatsoever for any consequential, incidental, indirect or special damages arising out of the breach of this Privacy Policy, however occasioned.
Legal Information
General Legal Notices
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Live toll-free customer service is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week at +1-800-499-8497.
General Legal Notices | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Directory
Interpretext Name and Logo are Service Marks of Interpretext, Inc.
Website Copyright © 2004-2019, Interpretext, Inc. All Rights Reserved.