http://www.vent-axia.com/terms-conditions-use-website
Skip to main content
Home/Website terms & conditions
Terms & Conditions for use of this Website
In using this website you are deemed to have read and agreed to the following terms and conditions:
We reserve the right to change these terms and conditions at any time. You should ensure that you check them each time you visit this site.
If you are a business then you confirm that you have the authority to use this site and to be bound by its terms and conditions.
If you are required to register and provide a password this is confidential to you and non transferable.
All orders placed on our web site are subject to these Terms and Conditions and our Terms and Conditions of Sale. Please read these carefully and print a copy for your records.
The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and any or all Agreements: "Customer", "You" and "Your" refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting the Company’s terms and conditions. "The Company", "Vent-Axia", "Ourselves", "We" and "Us", refers to Vent-Axia Group Ltd. "Party", "Parties", or "Us", refers to both the Customer and ourselves, or either the Customer or ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the Customer in the most appropriate manner, whether by formal meetings of a fixed duration, or any other means, for the express purpose of meeting the Customer’s needs in respect of provision of the Company’s stated services/products, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing English Law. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalisation and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.
Exclusions and Limitations
These terms and conditions do not exclude liability for death or personal injury caused by negligence, fraudulent misrepresentation or any other liability which may not otherwise be excluded under applicable law.
None of your statutory rights as a consumer are affected.
Subject to the above
No representations and warranty is given as to the accuracy of the information given on this website. No liability for loss or damage howsoever arising as a result of the use of this website is accepted. This includes, without limitation, direct loss, loss of business or profits (whether or not the loss of such profits was foreseeable, arose in the normal course of things or you have advised this Company of the possibility of such potential loss), damage caused to your computer, computer software, systems and programs and the data thereon or any other direct or indirect, consequential and incidental damages. Liability (other than resulting from fraudulent or negligent misrepresentation) for any economic loss no matter how arising, loss of goodwill or reputation or special or indirect losses is specifically excluded.
Subject to the above the maximum liability will be limited to the sum paid for the goods.
Copyright Notice
Copyright and other relevant intellectual property rights exist on all text relating to the Company’s services and the full content of this website.
This Company’s logo is a registered trademark of this Company in the United Kingdom and other countries.
Communication
We have several different e-mail addresses for different queries. These, & other contact information, can be found in the Contact Us section of the website.
This company is registered in England and Wales, Volution Ventilation UK Limited (Co No: 11352032) Trading as Vent-Axia, registered office Fleming Way, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 9YX.
Force Majeure
Neither party shall be liable to the other for any failure to perform any obligation which is due to an event beyond the control of such party including but not limited to any Act of God, terrorism, war, Political insurgence, insurrection, riot, civil unrest, act of civil or military authority, uprising, earthquake, flood or any other natural or man made eventuality outside of our control, which causes the termination of an agreement or contract entered into, nor which could have been reasonably foreseen. Any Party affected by such event shall forthwith inform the other Party of the same and shall use all reasonable endeavours to comply with the terms and conditions contained herein.
Waiver
Failure of either Party to insist upon strict performance of any provision of this or any Agreement or the failure of either Party to exercise any right or remedy to which it, he or they are entitled hereunder shall not constitute a waiver thereof and shall not cause a diminution of the obligations under this or any Agreement. No waiver of any of the provisions of this or any Agreement shall be effective unless it is expressly stated to be such and signed by both Parties.
General
The laws of England and Wales govern these terms and conditions. By accessing this website you consent to these terms and conditions and to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in all disputes arising out of such access. If any of these terms are deemed invalid or unenforceable for any reason (including, but not limited to the exclusions and limitations set out above), then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be severed from these terms and the remaining terms will continue to apply. Failure of the Company to enforce any of the provisions set out in these Terms and Conditions and any Agreement, or failure to exercise any option to terminate, shall not be construed as waiver of such provisions and shall not affect the validity of these Terms and Conditions or of any Agreement or any part thereof, or the right thereafter to enforce each and every provision. These Terms and Conditions shall not be amended, modified, varied or supplemented except in writing and signed by duly authorised representatives of the Company.
Notification of Changes
The Company reserves the right to change these conditions from time to time as it sees fit and your continued use of the site will signify your acceptance of any adjustment to these terms. If there are any changes to our privacy policy, we will announce that these changes have been made on our home page and on other key pages on our site. If there are any changes in how we use our site customers’ Personally Identifiable Information, notification by e-mail or postal mail will be made to those affected by this change. Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on our web site 30 days prior to these changes taking place. You are therefore advised to re-read this statement on a regular basis. These terms and conditions form part of the Agreement between the Customer and us. Your accessing of this website indicates your understanding, agreement to and acceptance, of the Disclaimer Notice and the Terms and Conditions contained herein. Your statutory Consumer Rights are unaffected.