http://www.protective.com/terms-of-use
Skip to Content
Terms of useProtective and Protective Life refer to Protective Life Insurance Company (PLICO) Brentwood, TN, and its affiliates, including Protective Life & Annuity Insurance Company (PLAICO) Birmingham, AL. Insurance products issued by PLICO in all states, except New York, and in New York by PLAICO.
Protective Life requires that each visitor (a "User") to this Internet site on the World Wide Web (the "Site") adhere to the following Rules and Regulations. By accessing this Site, each User acknowledges that he or she has read, understands and accepts each of the Rules and Regulations.
Laws and RegulationsAccess to and use of this Site are subject to all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations.Access to Password Protected or Secure AreasAccess to and use of password protected or secure areas of this Site are restricted to authorized persons only. Any User who accesses or attempts to access such areas without authorization may be subject to prosecution.Copyright and TrademarksAll content on this Site is protected by applicable copyright laws. Users are prohibited from modifying, copying, distributing, transmitting, displaying, publishing, selling, licensing, creating derivative works or using any content on this Site for commercial or public purposes. The trademarks, logos and service marks (the "Marks") displayed on this Site are the property of Protective Life Insurance Company ("Protective"). Users are prohibited from using any Mark for any purpose without the express written permission of Protective.Informational Purposes OnlyThe product material described on this Site is provided for informational purposes only. This material is intended solely to provide a general overview of the types of products and range of services available from Protective. The information included on this Site is not an offer to sell any security or product in any state or other jurisdiction.Products Not Available in All StatesThe products described on this Site may not be available in all states or other jurisdictions.Policy Restrictions, Limitations and TermsThe Protective products referenced on this Site have restrictions, limitations and terms regarding coverage. For complete details concerning coverage and product availability in your state, contact your Protective agent or contact us.No WarrantyAll information on this Site is provided to you "as is" without any warranty of any kind, either express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, text, graphics or other items contained on this Site. Protective expressly disclaims all warranties, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, non-infringement, security and accuracy. Information on this Site may contain inaccuracies or errors. Information on this Site may be changed or updated without notice. Protective has no obligation to update information on this Site, so such information may be out of date at any given time. Protective also may make improvements or changes in products described on this Site at any time without notice.Linked Internet SitesYou may leave this Site and access other sites on the World Wide Web that Protective does not maintain. Protective is not responsible for the content available on any other site on the World Wide Web linked to this Site and disclaims any responsibility for such other sites. Access to any such other site linked to this Site is at the User's own risk.Privacy NoticeProtective Life Corporation recognizes that protecting the privacy and security of the personal information we obtain about our customers is an important responsibility. This Privacy Notice generally describes our policy about how we treat that information. This notice refers to Protective Life and its affiliated companies using the terms "we," "us," and "our."How We Obtain InformationWe obtain most of the information we need directly from you on your application or other forms you complete, or from those you have authorized to provide information to us in connection with providing you insurance or administering claims. We also obtain information in the course of processing and recording your transactions with us and processing your claims for benefits.Types of Information We May ObtainThe type of information we obtain depends on the type of product or service we are providing. The types of information we may obtain fall into the following three general categories:
Customer Information: Customer information includes identifying information such as your name, address, telephone number and demographic data about you. It also includes information about your transactions with us such as the type and value of our insurance products that you own and the amount of insurance premiums you pay to us.
Financial Information: Financial information is information covered by the Fair Credit Reporting Act and includes information such as your credit history, income, assets, type and value of other insurance products you own or for which you have applied, and amount of insurance premiums you pay to other insurance companies.
Health Information: Health information includes information about your health and medical history, and your insurance underwriting risk factors.
Security of the Information We ObtainWe maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with Federal and State laws to protect all the information we have obtained about you.What We Do With the Information We ObtainWe use information about you for business purposes such as evaluating your request for insurance or other products or services, evaluating your claim for benefits, administering our products and services and processing your transactions with us. We may also use information about you to offer you other products and services we provide.Disclosure of InformationUnder our current privacy policy, we do not sell information about you to others.Customer InformationIn order to offer you products and services that may be of value to you, we may, where permitted by law, disclose the customer information described above to the following:
organizations we have hired to provide marketing services on our behalf;
other financial institutions with which we jointly provide financial products or services;
our affiliated insurance companies;
companies affiliated with us that offer products or services other than insurance;
anyone to whom you have authorized us to disclose the information;
others as permitted* or required by law.
Financial and Health InformationProtective Life will not disclose the financial and health information described above to anyone outside of Protective Life unless you have authorized us to do so, or as permitted* or required by law.
*Examples of disclosures permitted by law would include disclosures to organizations, including our affiliated companies, which provide claims administration, underwriting, investigation or policyholder services for us or on our behalf.Independent Sales AgentsThe sales agents who represent us are independent, and your independent sales agent may gather and retain customer information, financial information and/or health information about you. The use and protection of that information by your independent sales agent is your independent sales agent's responsibility, not the responsibility of Protective Life or its affiliated companies. If you have questions about whether or how your independent sales agent uses or discloses such information, please contact your independent sales agent.Changes to our Privacy NoticeOur policy about obtaining and disclosing information may change from time to time. We will provide you with notice of any material change to this policy before we implement the change.Use of Cookie FilesSome sites and pages within our Sites use “cookies.” A cookie is a small file that is stored on your hard drive and contains no personally identifiable information about you and your usage of our sites. A cookie cannot read data off your hard drive or read cookie files created from other sites. You are free to decline our cookie if your browser has been set to prompt or decline cookies.Limitation of LiabilityProtective specifically disclaims any liability (whether based in contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise) for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or special damage arising out of or in any way connected with access to or use of this Site (even if Protective has been advised of the possibility of any such damage), including any liability associated with any virus that may infect a User's computer equipment. Under no circumstance will Protective be liable for any loss or damage caused by a User's reliance on information obtained through this Site. It is the responsibility of each User to evaluate the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any information, opinion, advice or other content available through this Site.No Representation as to SuitabilityProtective makes no representation as to the financial or other suitability of any product described on this Site for any User. In order to evaluate whether a particular Protective product is suitable for your financial needs, you should contact a competent financial advisor.Forward-Looking StatementsThis Site includes “forward-looking statements” that express expectations of future events and/or results. All statements based on future expectations rather than on historical facts are forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties, and Protective cannot give assurance that such statements will prove to be correct. Please refer to Exhibit 99 of Protective's most recent report on Form 10-K/10-Q to the Securities and Exchange Commission for more information about factors that could affect future results.Changes to Rules and RegulationsProtective reserves the right to revise these Rules and Regulations at any time and Users are deemed to be apprised of and bound by any changes to these Rules and Regulations.Violations of Rules and RegulationsProtective reserves the right to seek any remedy available at law or in equity for any violation of these Rules and Regulations, including the right to block access from a particular Internet address to this Site.Mandatory, Binding ArbitrationThis Site and any resulting agreements, unless otherwise provided therein, shall be governed by the laws of the State of Alabama without giving effect to any principles of conflict of laws, and except as preempted by the Federal Arbitration Act. Your use of this Site constitutes your acceptance of the Rules and Regulations, and you agree that any claim or dispute between you and Protective or any officer, director or employee of Protective related to your use of this Site or any information herein, including the validity of this Mandatory, Binding Arbitration provision, regardless of the amount or value of such claim or dispute, will be resolved by mandatory, binding arbitration to be administered by the American Arbitration Association, the National Arbitration Forum or JAMS, and any hearing will be held in, Birmingham, Alabama.
Information regarding mandatory, binding arbitration and how to file for arbitration may be obtained from www.adr.org Opens in a new window, www.arb-forum.org Opens in a new window or www.jamsadr.com Opens in a new window. You may also contact us regarding a dispute as generally directed at Contact Us. This Mandatory, Binding Arbitration provision will be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act.