http://www.swanngalleries.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
AUCTIONS & CATALOGUES
Upcoming Auctions
Past Auctions
Buying
Selling
DEPARTMENTS
American Art
African American Art
Autographs
Books & Manuscripts
Contemporary Art
Illustration Art
Maps & Atlases
Modern & Post-War Art
Photographs & Photobooks
Printed & Manuscript African Americana
Printed & Manuscript Americana
Prints & Drawings
Vintage Posters
NEWS
ABOUT
About Swann
Press
Newsletter
CONTACT
Account
Privacy Policy
Swann Galleries values the privacy of our clients and visitors to our website. Below, we outline what data we collect and how we control, process and store that data. We are committed to complying with GDPR standards for clients and visitors located in the European Union. We reserve the right to update the policy from time to time. This policy can be found in the footer of swanngalleries.com. We welcome your feedback on our policy or questions regarding the privacy of the information you provide to us.
Your Personal Information
By registering an account on our website, making a purchase through swanngalleries.com, adding keywords, tracking lots, or signing up for mailing lists — and (to a limited extent) merely by accessing our web site (see “Cookies” below) – you will be providing Swann Galleries with data and information that we may process and store (“your information”). We will not sell any of your information. We use third-party services like Google Analtyics and AdRoll to track web activity, and to do this these services gather information like IP addresses, cookie identifiers, pixels and end-user website activity. Until you log in to our site, however, all of your activity is anonymous, and this information is kept separately from your Swann Galleries client account.
How We Use Your Information
We use your information to share with you timely reminders about auctions, send you invoices, track your sale registration, bidding and consignment history, provide you with information concerning auctions or news that we think may be of interest to you, and implement your communications preferences.
Storage & Disclosure of Your Information
We store your information electronically and by other means. We take reasonable measures to safeguard your information.
In the normal course of business, we may transfer your information to a third-party vendor via electronic or other means. By contributing your information to our site and doing business with us, you consent to this practice. We take steps to protect your privacy, but please note that transferring information through digital channels bears inherent security risks.
Other than as stated in this Policy, we will not disclose your information unless we sell our business to a third-party buyer, or we are legally required to disclose your information, or we feel it necessary to disclose your information in order to address issues involving fraud.
Cookies
Our website is designed to place cookies on your computer, which enhances the functionality of the site. What's a cookie? Most browsers give you control over the use of cookies.
Our third-party vendors store anonymous information gathered by cookies. We access this information to optimize the performance and functionality of our website and gain marketing insights. Your browser may allow you to disable cookies, though this may make certain features of our website not function.
Analytics & Advertising
Swann may use Google Analytics or other similar services to provide analysis and advertising. Information generated by your use of our website(s), including your IP address, will be transmitted to and stored by analytics companies. We may use this information for the purpose of evaluating customer activity, compiling reports on website use for website operators, and providing other services relating to site activity and internet usage.
We may partner with third-party advertising companies using cookies or similar technologies to collect and respond to your browsing activity on our site in order to serve provide advertisements for auctions and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These advertising companies may also use persistent identifiers to track your internet usage over time and across other websites in their networks beyond Swann's website. We do not provide these companies with personal data such as your name, address, telephone number, or email address.
We may also remarket via third-party vendors, including Google, to show Swann Galleries ads on sites across the internet. Swann and third-party vendors, including Google and AdRoll, may place first-party cookies and third-party cookies on your browser to inform, optimize, and target advertising based on your past visits to our site.
Opting Out
You may opt out of targeted advertising via AdRoll here, or by visiting their Privacy Policy page and following the instructions under "Your Choices and Opting-Out of Targeted Ads."
Security
As noted above, Swann Galleries takes reasonable measures to safeguard your information. However, there are inherent security risks in the transmission of data, so we cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted over the internet.
Further, we cannot be held responsible if you compromise the security of your Swann account by sharing your password or using an insecure or public connection. You are responsible for safeguarding the confidentiality of any password or log-in information you use to communicate with us.
Third-party Sites & Social Media
We cannot guarantee the security of third-party websites linked from our site. If you choose to click on such links, please review that site’s privacy policy and make your own decision whether to share your data with them. We also cannot guarantee the security of communications with Swann Galleries staff over social media channels.
Questions
Your privacy is important to us.
Please contact us with any questions:
swann@swanngalleries.com • (212) 254-4710
Last Update: September 2019
Swann
About>
Contact>
Buying>
Selling>
News>
Press>
Trumpet Archive>
Privacy Policy>
Terms & Conditions>
Departments
African-American Art>
American Art>
Autographs>
Books & Manuscripts>
Contemporary Art>
Illustration Art>
Maps & Atlases>
Modern & Post-War Art>
Photographs & Photobooks>
Printed & Manuscript African Americana>
Printed & Manuscript Americana>
Prints & Drawings>
Vintage Posters>
Auctions & Catalogues
Schedule>
Past Auctions>
Invaluable>
Swann Galleries App>
Contact Us
104 East 25th Street, New York, NY 10010(212) 254-4710swann@swanngalleries.com>
facebook
twitter
Instagram
Newsletter>
Did You Hear? We have an app.
Browse and bid live, get push alerts on auction day and for new catalogues.