https://www.cleanyield.com/privacy-legal/
Privacy & Legal
We believe that the public and original sources used in developing this Web publication are factual and without error, however, their accuracy cannot be guaranteed. Pursuant to the provisions of Rule 206(4)-1 of the Investment Advisors Act of 1940, we advise all readers that they should not assume that any current or future recommendations will be profitable or will equal the performance of previous recommendations. The officers and/or employees of Clean Yield may from time to time have positions in the securities mentioned herein.
Clean Yield Asset Management only transacts business in states where it is properly registered, or excluded or exempted from registration requirements.
Past performance may not be indicative of future results. Therefore, no reader, or current or perspective client, should assume that the future performance of any specific investment, investment strategy (including the investments and/or investment strategies recommended and/or purchased by advisor), or product made reference to directly or indirectly on the Web site, or indirectly via link to any unaffiliated third-party Web site, will be profitable or equal to corresponding indicated performance levels.
Different types of investment involve varying degrees of risk, and there can be no assurance that any specific investment will either be suitable or profitable for a client’s investment portfolio. No reader, client, or prospective client should assume that any information presented and/or made available on the Web site serves as the receipt of, or a substitute for, personalized individual advice from Clean Yield or any other investment professional.
Clean Yield may compare its performance with the historical performance results of investment indexes. The indexes’ results generally do not reflect the deduction of transaction and/or custodial charges, or the deduction of an investment-management fee, the incurrence of which would have the effect of decreasing the historical performance results of the indexes.
We will have access to the name and email address of subscribers to the Clean Yield newsletter and RSS feed and will have access to social security numbers and other personal information about clients. It is our policy not to share personal information with any third parties under any cirucmstances, unless required to do so by a court of law or the express permission of the client or subscriber.