http://www.wmbarr.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to the W.M. BARR, Co., Inc. (BARR) website located at www.wmbarr.com, and your use of any affiliated third-party websites that may contain a link to this Privacy Policy, or to any pages, facilities, services, or capabilities accessible on or by any top-level BARR domain (each, a “Site” and collectively the “Sites”). The Site is the property of W.M. Barr & Company, Inc. (BARR).  This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which BARR collects information from you (“User” or “you”) on the Sites.
Our Privacy Policy explains: (1) what information we collect and why we collect it; (2) how we use that information; (3) the choices we offer, including how to access and update information.
Please familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions. By using the Site, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Sites.
Terms and Conditions
By accessing or using the Sites in any manner, you also agree to be bound by BARR’s Terms of Use (the “Agreement”). Please read the Agreement carefully. If you do not accept all of the terms and conditions contained in or incorporated by reference into the Agreement, please do not use the Sites.
Information We Collect:
We collect information, including personal data, to provide
better services to all our Users.
We collect information in the following ways:
1. Information You Give to Us
You may choose to provide us with information about yourself,
including your name, email address, and zip code.
1. Information We Get from Your Use of Our Services
We collect device-specific information, such as your hardware
model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network
information including phone number. When you use our Site, we automatically
collect and store information in service logs. This includes: details of how
you used our Site; Internet protocol address; and cookies that uniquely
identify your browser. We may also collect and process information about your
actual location. We use various technologies to determine location, including
IP address and other sensors that may, for example, provide us with information
on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points and cell towers. We may collect and
store information – including personal information – locally on your device
using mechanisms such as browser web storage and application data caches.
1. Cookies and Similar Technologies
We and our partners use various technologies to collect and
store information when you visit one of our services, and this may include
using cookies or similar technologies to identify your browser or device. We
also use these technologies to collect and store information when you interact
with services from our partners.
How We Use Information We Collect
We use your personal information
for the following purposes:
To inform you about products and services available from BARR; To administer content, promotion, survey or other Site features; To communicate about, and administer your participation in, special programs, surveys, contests, sweepstakes, and other offers or promotions, and to deliver pertinent emails;To improve our customer service;To respond to and support customers regarding their use of the Site;To support our ecommerce operations;To comply with all applicable legal requirements.
We use the information we collect from our Site to provide,
maintain, and improve them, to develop new services, and to protect our Company
and our customers.
We use information collected from cookies and other
technologies, to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our
services. For example, by saving your language preferences, we’ll be able to
have our services appear in the language you prefer. We may use your personal
information to see which web pages you visit at our Site, which web site you
visited before coming to our Site, and where you go after you leave our Site.
We can then develop statistics that help us understand how our visitors use our
Site and how to improve it. We may also use the information we obtain about you
in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.
We will ask for your consent before using information for a
purpose other than those set out in this Privacy Policy.
Accessing and Updating Your Personal Information
Whenever you use our services, we aim to provide you with access
to your personal information. If that information is wrong, we strive to give
you ways to update it quickly or to delete it – unless we have to keep that
information for legitimate business or legal purposes.
You may choose not to receive marketing email communications
from us by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in our marketing emails. You also
may ask us not to send you other marketing communications by contacting us as
specified in the “Contact Us” section below, and we will honor your request.
We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects
information from accidental or malicious destruction. Because of this, after
you delete information from our services, we may not immediately delete
residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our
backup systems.
Subject to applicable law, you may obtain a copy of personal
information we maintain about you or you may update or correct inaccuracies in
that information through your BARR account at www.wmbarr.com. To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we will
take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to the
information. In addition, if you believe that personal information we maintain
about you is inaccurate, subject to applicable law, you may have the right to
request that we correct or amend the information by contacting us as indicated
below.
Information We Share
We do not share personal information with companies, organizations and individuals outside of the Company unless one of the following circumstances applies:
With your consent. We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of BARR when we have your consent to do so.For external processing. We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. These third parties may include ecommerce vendors, retailers, third-party shipping services and our charitable promotion partner. We do not share personal information with third parties for marketing purposes. For legal reasons. We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of BARR if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
enforce applicable Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations.
detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of BARR, our Users or the public as required or permitted by law.
We may share non-personally identifiable information publicly
and with our partners – like advertisers or connected sites. For example, we
may share information publicly to show trends about our products and services.
If BARR is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, we
will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and
give affected Users notice before personal information is transferred or
becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
How BARR Protects Personal Information
BARR maintains administrative, technical and physical safeguards
designed to protect the User’s personal information against accidental,
unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or
use. In addition, we also implement appropriate data collection, storage and
processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized
access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information,
username, password, transaction information and data stored on the Site. If
BARR collects account information for payment or credit, BARR will use the
information only to complete the task for which the account information was
offered.
When this Privacy Policy Applies
Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by the
BARR brand, and services on the Sites, but excludes services that have separate
privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other
companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to
you, or other sites linked from our services. Our Privacy Policy does not cover
the information practices of other companies and organizations who advertise
our services, and who may use cookies, pixel tags and other technologies to
serve and offer relevant ads.
Third Party Links
The Sites may contain links to webpages operated by parties other than BARR. We do not control such websites and are not responsible for their contents or the privacy policies or other practices of such websites. Our inclusion of links to such websites does not imply any endorsement of the material on such websites or any association with their operators. Further, it is up to the User to take precautions to ensure that whatever links the User selects or software the User downloads (whether from this Site or other websites) is free of such items as viruses, worms, trojan horses, defects and other items of a destructive nature. These websites and services may have their own privacy policies, which the User will be subject to upon linking to the third party’s website. BARR strongly recommends that each User review the third party’s terms and policies.
Children
The Site is not intended for use by children. We do not
intentionally gather personally identifiable information about visitors who are
under the age of 13. If a child has provided us with personally identifiable
information, a parent or guardian of that child may contact us to have the
information deleted from our records. If you believe that we might have any
information from a child under age 13, please contact us at www.wmbarr.com. If we learn that we have inadvertently collected the personal
information of a child under 13, or equivalent minimum age depending on
jurisdiction, we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.
Information for California Residents
BARR does not track its customers over time and across third
party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore does not respond
to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. However, some third- party sites do keep track
of your browsing activities when they serve you content, which enables them to
tailor what they present to you. If you are visiting such sites, your browser
may include controls to block and delete cookies, web beacons and similar
technologies, to allow you to opt out of data collection through those
technologies.
California residents are entitled to contact us to request
information about whether we have disclosed personal information to third
parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. We do not disclose
personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing
purposes. California customers may request further information about our
compliance with this law by e-mailing us at the address listed in the “Contact
Us” section.
Changes
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not
reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We
will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are
significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain
services or products, email notification or privacy policy changes). We will
also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.
Contact Us
If you have any specific questions
about this Privacy Policy, you can contact:
W.M. Barr & Co, Inc.
Attn: Corporate Counsel
6750 Lenox Center Court, Suite 200
Memphis, Tennessee 38115
1-888-326-7743
www.wmbarr.com