https://www.hallmann-sales.com/privacy-policy.htm
866-966-9596
Hallmann Sales, LLC
Order Online 24/7 or Call Toll Free (M-F, 8:30am-5:30pm EST)
Home | Contact Us | Request a Quote | Credit Application | Customer Service
|
Return
to previous page
Search
Advanced Search
Match:
any
all
words
Manufacturer
Any
Acudor
Buckeye
Cato
Dow
Elmdor
Goria
Karp
Larsen's
Larsen's/Amerex
PEK
Potter Roemer
STI
Thomas Products
Strike First
Williams Bros.
Wind-Lock
Wooden Mallet
Category
Any
Access Doors
Control Cabinets
Exit Sign
Fire Alarm Covers
Fire Blanket Cabs
Fire Extinguishers
Fire Ext. Alarm
Fire Ext. Cabs
Fire Ext. Cover
Fire Ext. Brackets
Fire Ext. Stands
Fire Hose Cabs
First Aid Cabs
Firestopping
Foam Sealant
Floor Doors
Roof Drains
Roof Hatches
Smoke Vents
Thermostat Cover
Valve Boxes
Wire Guards
Categories
Access Doors
Roof Hatches
Roof Drains
Smoke Vents
Floor Doors
Fire Extinguisher Cabinets
Fire Extinguishers
Fire Blanket Cabinets
Fire Hose Cabinets
Fire Extinguisher Stands
Fire Extinguisher Brackets
Fire Extinguisher Cover
Fire Extinguisher Signs
Fire Extinguisher Alarm
Firestopping Sealants
Foam Sealants
Replacement Parts
Fire Alarm Cover
Thermostat Cover
Control Panel Cabinets
First Aid Cabinets
Exit Signs
Valve Boxes
Wire Guards
Hallmann
Sales
ADA Guidelines
email List
Shipping Policy
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Sitemap
Distributor Program
Privacy
Policy
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy.
That is why we have adopted this Privacy Policy. This
Privacy Policy lets you know how your personal information
is processed and used. We promise that we will take steps
to use your personal information only in ways that are
compatible with this Privacy Policy. The following policies
are only in effect for the Web pages, newsletters, discussion
lists and opt-in announcement lists owned and operated
by Hallmann Sales. The following discloses our Privacy Policy.
We maintain a strict "No-Spam" policy that means that
we do not intend to sell, rent, or otherwise give your
personal information to a third-party, unless required by law.Every computer connected to the Internet is given a
domain name and a set of numbers, that serve as that
computer's "Internet Protocol" IP address. When a visitor
requests a page from any Web site within the Hallmann Sales
Network, our Web servers automatically recognize that
visitor's domain name and IP address. The domain name
and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other
than the IP address from which you have accessed our
site. We use this information to examine our traffic
in aggregate, but do not collect and evaluate this information
for individuals. Our Web servers do not record e-mail
addresses of the visitors.
From time to time, Hallmann Sales or its affiliates may
send a "cookie" to your computer. A cookie is a small
piece of data that is sent to your browser from a web
server and stored on your computer's hard drive. A cookie
can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files
created by other sites. Cookies do not damage your system.
We use cookies to identify which areas of Hallmann Sales's
Network of Web sites you have visited or customized,
so the next time you visit, those pages may be readily
accessible. Our Affiliates may also use cookies to ascertain
how many times you've seen an advertisement. Our Affiliates
and we may use this information to better personalize
the content, banners, and promotions that you see on
our Sites.
You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing
the settings of your browser. You can reset your browser
to refuse all cookies, or allow your browser to show
you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to
accept these cookies, your experience at our site and
other Web sites may be diminished and some features
may not work as intended.
Hallmann Sales will disclose personal information when required
by law or in the good-faith belief that such action
is necessary to:
1)    Conform to the edicts of the law
or comply with a legal process served on Hallmann Sales,
2)   Protect and defend the rights
or property of the Hallmann Sales network of sites, or visitors
to Hallmann Sales,
3)   Identify persons who may be violating
the law, the legal notice, or the rights of third parties,
4)   Cooperate with the investigations of
purported unlawful activities.
Hallmann Sales uses reasonable precautions to keep the information
disclosed to us secure. Information collected through
on-line ordering is secure and kept confidential
Hallmann Sales reserves the right to transfer information
in connection with the sale of all or part of Hallmann Sales's assets. Furthermore, we are not responsible for
any breach of security or for any actions of any third
parties that receive the information. Hallmann Sales also
links to a wide variety of other sites and contains
advertisements of third parties. We are not responsible
for their privacy policies or how they treat information
about their users See below,
The Hallmann Sales contains many links to other Web sites.
Hallmann Sales is not responsible for the privacy practices
or the content of such Web sites. Hallmann Sales does not
share any of the individual personal information you
provide Hallmann Sales with the sites to which Hallmann Sales
links, although Hallmann Sales may share aggregate data with
such Web sites (such as how many people use our Site).
Please check with those sites to determine their privacy
policy.
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose
personal information online - for example through e-mail,
lists, or elsewhere - that information can be collected
and used by others. In short, if you post personal information
online that is accessible to the public, you may receive
unsolicited messages from other parties in return.
Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining
the secrecy of your personal information. Please be
careful and responsible whenever you're online.
Your Consent To This Agreement
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection
and use of information by Hallmann Sales as specified above.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post
those changes on this page so that you are always aware
of what information we collect, how we use it, and under
what circumstances we disclose it.
Return
to previous page
We accept
© by Hallmann Sales, LLC - Romans 5:19