http://www.karouncheese.com/index/privacy
Karoun Dairies
Home
About Us
Where to Buy
Recipes
Awards
News & Events
Gift Shop
Checkout
Karoun Dairies
Our Products
by category
Cheeses
Cultured Products
Gift Shop
by brand
Karoun
Arz
Queso Del Valle
Gopi
Yanni
Central Valley Creamery
Domestic Brands
Imported Brands
by type
Feta
Fresh Cheese
Goat Cheeses
Semi Soft Cheese
Hard Cheese
Aged Cheese
Butter
Labne
Processed Cheese
Sour Cream
String Cheese
Yogurt
Yogurt Drink
Gift
by region
Mediterranean
Hispanic
Indian
Armenian
Russian
European
Log In or Register
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Revised:
April 14, 2017
Karoun Dairies, Inc. (“Karoun”) values your privacy.
We have prepared this Privacy Policy to explain how we collect, use, protect, and disclose information and data when you use the KarounCheese.com website ("Site").
This Privacy Policy also explains your choices for managing your information preferences, including opting out of certain uses of your Personal Information.
By accessing or using the Site you consent to this Privacy Policy.
Managing Your Information Preferences
You can review, correct, update, or change your Personal Information (defined below) or opt out of receiving certain e-mails by changing the relevant settings in your Karoun profile or account or by e-mailing us at contact@karouncheese.com. If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at contact@karouncheese.com.
Information We Collect
Personal Information
We collect information that personally identifies you, such as your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, and other personally identifiable information that you choose to provide us with or that you choose to include in your Karoun profile or account ("Personal Information").
You may be asked to provide us with Personal Information when you register with the Site or use any of our services, and at other times.
The decision to provide this information is optional; however, if you choose not to provide the requested information, you may not be able to use some or all of the features of the Site.
Usage Data and Site Activity
We may automatically collect information regarding the actions you take on the Site ("Usage Data").
For example, each time you use the Site we may automatically collect the type of Web browser you use, your operating system, your Internet Service Provider, your IP address, the pages you view, and the time and duration of your visits to the Site. This anonymous usage information may be associated with your username and profile, but we do not disclose the associated information to third parties.
We use this information to help us understand how people use the Site, and to enhance the services we offer.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We may use cookies (a small text file placed on your computer to identify your computer and web browser).
We may also use web beacons (an electronic file placed on a Web site that monitors usage). Cookies and web beacons are used to improve the experience of the Site, such as pre-populating your username for easier login.
We do not use cookies or web beacons to collect Personal Information.
Most web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies.
You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent, however, certain features of the Site may not work if you delete or disable cookies.
Some of our Service Providers may use their own cookies, web beacons, or other tracking technology in connection with the services they perform on our behalf.
How We Use Information and When We May Share and Disclose Information Generally
We use Personal Information for internal purposes only, such as to provide you with the Site, to improve the Site, to notify you of new products or services, and to otherwise communicate with you about Karoun.
We may also use your Personal Information to provide more relevant search results from the search functions of the Site.
We will not disclose Personal Information to third parties, including for their direct marketing purposes, without your consent, except as explained in this Privacy Policy.
We may disclose to third parties certain Usage Data regarding the Site.
However, in such cases, your Usage Data is aggregated with the usage data of others and does not identify you individually.
Service Providers
From time to time, we may establish a business relationship with other businesses that we believe trustworthy and who have confirmed that their privacy practices are consistent with ours ("Service Providers").
For example, we may contract with Service Providers to provide certain services, such as hosting and maintenance, data storage and management, and marketing and promotions.
We only provide our Service Providers with the information necessary for them to perform these services on our behalf.
Each Service Provider must agree to use reasonable security procedures and practices, appropriate to the nature of the information involved, in order to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
Service Providers are prohibited from using Personal Information other than as specified by Karoun.
Advertising and Online Tracking
We may allow third-party companies to serve ads and collect certain anonymous information when you visit the Site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, web browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to the Site and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of interest to you.
These companies typically use a cookie or third-party web beacon to collect this information.
Our systems do not recognize browser “Do Not Track” signals, but several of our Service Providers who utilize these cookies or web beacons on our Sites enable you to opt out of targeted advertising practices. To learn more about these advertising practices or to opt out of this type of advertising, you can visit www.networkadvertising.org or www.aboutads.info/choices/. We also provide you with additional tools to opt out of marketing from us. You can learn about this in the “Managing Your Information Preferences” section of this Privacy Policy.
Notice to California Residents/Your California Privacy Rights
To opt out of sharing your Personal Information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, please e-mail Karoun at contact@karouncheese.com and clearly state your request, including your name, mailing address, e-mail address and phone number.
Please see “Managing Your Information Preferences” above for additional information.
Other Transfers
We may share Personal Information and Usage Data with businesses controlling, controlled by, or under common control with Karoun.
If Karoun is merged, acquired, or sold, or in the event of a transfer of some or all of our assets, we may disclose or transfer Personal Information and Usage Data in connection with such transaction.
You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if, in our discretion, the new entity plans to handle your information in a way that differs materially from this Privacy Policy.
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement
Karoun cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law.
We may disclose Personal Information and any other information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties if, in our discretion, we believe it is necessary or appropriate in order to respond to legal requests (including court orders and subpoenas), to protect the safety, property, or rights of Karoun or of any third party, to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity, or to comply with the law.
Be Careful When You Share Information with Others
Please be aware that whenever you share information on a publicly available profile page or any other public forum on the Site, that information may be accessed by others.
In addition, please remember that when you share information in any other communications with third parties, that information may be passed along or made public by others.
This means that anyone with access to such information can potentially use it for any purpose, including sending unsolicited communications.
Security
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of information transmitted to us.
However, no data transmission over the Internet or other network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
As a result, while we strive to protect information transmitted on or through the Site, we cannot and do not guarantee the security of any information you transmit on or through the Site, and you do so at your own risk.
Links To Other Websites
Our Site may contain links to other websites or allow others to send you such links.
A link to a third party's website does not mean that we endorse it or that we are affiliated with it.
We do not exercise control over third-party websites.
You access such third-party websites or content at your own risk.
You should always read the privacy policy of a third-party website before providing any information to the website.
Children's Privacy
The Site is intended for users who are 18 years old or older.
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13.
If we become aware that we have inadvertently received Personal Information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete such information from our records.
Processing in the United States
Please be aware that your Personal Information and communications may be transferred to and maintained on servers or databases located outside your state, province, or country.
If you are located outside of the United States, please be advised that we process and store all information in the United States.
The laws in the United States may not be as protective of your privacy as those in your location.
By using the Site, you agree that the collection, use, transfer, and disclosure of your Personal Information and communications will be governed by the applicable laws in the United States.
Privacy Policy Changes
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time.
If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will inform you by posting the revised Privacy Policy on the Site.
Those changes will go into effect on the “Revised” date shown in the revised Privacy Policy.
By continuing to use the Site, you consent to the revised Privacy Policy.
News & Events
Awards
FAQs
Contact Us
Join Our Mailing List
Privacy Policy
Returns
Customer Care 1.888.767.0778
© 2020 Karoun Dairies, Inc. Developed & Hosted by Inverselogic, Inc.