http://www.digibroadcast.com/privacy-policy-i4
X
This site uses cookies to provide and improve your shopping experience. By continuing to use this site, you agree to accept these cookies.For more information, please see our Cookies Page
More Info
I opt-in to a better browsing experience
Accept Cookies
Call:
+44(0) 208 397 1407
Email:
sales@digibroadcast.com
Rated 4.75 / 5
trustedshops.co.uk
Sell Your Gear
Find Out More ›
Covid-19 Update
Open as usual
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyHere at DigiBroadcast (we, us, our)  are committed to safeguarding and preserving the privacy of our visitors.This Privacy Policy explains what happens to any personal data that  you provide to us, or that we collect from you whilst you visit our site.We do update this Policy from time to time so please do review this Policy regularly.Who we areDigibroadcast LTD are resellers for new and used broadcast equipment registered in Unit 15D Oakcroft Road, KT9 1RH, Chessington, (London) Surrey, UK . Our Company registration number is 4344776.  Types of data we collect from you and how it is usedInformation you give usPayment InformationDebit/Credit Cards: We offer functionality whereby you can store your card details so that you can checkout with ease when you place subsequent orders with us. We do not store card details; we hold a “token” which correlates to your card details stored by SagePay who use military-grade encryption and hashing to keep your details safe. For fraud prevention purposes, we use information supplied during the course of you placing an order. You can read SagePay’s security policy here: https://www.sagepay.co.uk/policies/security-policyPayPal: Your PayPal login credentials are not shared with us. Your name, delivery address and telephone number may be transferred between us and PayPal. Amazon: Your Amazon Pay login credentials are not shared with us. Your name, delivery address and telephone number may be transferred between us and Amazon.You give us information about you by filling in forms on our site or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register to use our site, sign up to our newsletter, search for a product, place an order on our site, enter a competition, promotion or survey and contact our customer care team. The information you give us may include, but is not limited to, your name, address, date of birth, email address and payment details.Information We CollectIn running and maintaining our website we may collect and process the following data about you:I.      Information about your use of our site including details of your visits such as pages viewed and the resources that you access. Such information includes traffic data, location data and other communication data.II.     Information provided voluntarily by you. For example, when you register for information or make a purchaseIII.   Information that you provide when you communicate with us by any means.Information we receive from other sourcesGoogle Analytics: We use Google Analytics to analyse metrics such as number of visits, demographics, device information and user journey. All data we use within Google Analytics is anonymous.PCAPredict: We use address lookup services supplied by PCAPredict so that you can easily provide us with your delivery and billing address. Read PCAPredict’s privacy policy here: https://www.pcapredict.com/privacy/Use of CookiesWe use Cookies in order to handle the user logins and to personalize the web site for each individual. A cookie is a file saved by a web server in your hard disk. These are uniquely assigned to you and cannot be used to run programs or send viruses to your computer. These can only be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie. The cookies will help save your time in accessing the website repeatedly. It helps the website to recall the personalized web site information according to each individual. Most browsers accept cookies, but if you prefer to deny the cookies you are able to do that by changing your browser settings. If you have declined to accept cookies, you will not be experiencing the interactive features of Digibroadcast.Mailing listsYou have the option to sign up to our email newsletters during the process of placing an order, setting up an account with us or within the footer of any page of our site. If you opt-in to receive newsletters, we use your purchase history and order frequency to personalise and improve your experience on our website and to send you information about relevant products and offers we think you'll love.You can unsubscribe or change your subscription preferences at any time either through your account settings page or within emails you receive from us.We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our newsletters.We do not sell details of our email subscribers to third parties nor do we buy mailing lists.We might contact you about leaving a review regarding the service recieved or to review a product once your order has been dispatched.Transactional emailsYour email address will be used to provide you with order updates and notifications of items that have been left in your basket.Use of Your InformationWe use the information that we collect from you to provide our services to you.  In addition to this we may use the information for one or more of the following purposes:I.      To provide information to you that you request from us relating to our products or services.II.     To provide information to you relating to other products that may be of interest to you. Such additional information will only be provided where you have consented to receive such information.III.    To inform you of any changes to our website, services or goods and products.If you have previously purchased goods or services from us we may provide to you details of similar goods or services, or other goods and services, that you may be interested in.Where your consent has been provided in advance we may allow selected third parties to use your data to enable them to provide you with information regarding unrelated goods and services which we believe may interest you.  Where such consent has been provided it can be withdrawn by you at any time.Who we share information withWe share information with third parties only when strictly necessary. We share your name and delivery address with DPD, UPS, DHL, TNT, FEDEX and other courier companies (depending on which delivery service is opted for)  when you place an order. We also share your email address and telephone number (if supplied) with so that you can be supplied with tracking information regarding your order.Storing Your Personal DataThe personal information gathered by Digi broadcast is used to perform transactions as requested and authorized by you. Further more this information will be used in order to provide effective services and to customize the site according to each individual’s preference. Where is your information storedInformation held by us is stored on secure servers located within the European Economic Area and the USA. USA-based providers adhere to the EU-US Privacy Shield; you can read about this here: https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcomeAccess to your personal informationYou are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold. If you already hold an account with us, you can amend and update your details from within your account settings. If you would like a copy of the data we hold on you or would like to request deletion of any personally identifiable information, please contact us at info@digibroadcast.com We may charge £10 pounds for a abolition fee process or a request if they are repeated, unreasonable or arduous.Disclosing Your InformationWe will not disclose your personal information to any other party other than in accordance with this Privacy Policy and in the circumstances detailed below:I.         In the event that we sell any or all of our business to the buyer.II.       Where we are legally required by law to disclose your personal information.III.      To further fraud protection and reduce the risk of fraud.Contacting UsPlease do not hesitate to contact us regarding any matter relating to this Privacy Policy at  customer-care@digibroadcast.comYou can also write to us: Data Protection Officer, Digibroadcast LTD, Unit 15d Oakcroft Road, Chessington, KT9 1RH, Surrey, UKThis policy was last updated May 2018.
You can register an account with us and receive updates about our products and future sale events.By signing up to our newsletter you agree to Digibroadcast using your personal data in accordance with our privacy policy Be informed of new stock, sales etc. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Compare (1)
Top