https://www.thediscountprinter.com/policy/
policy |
Skip to content
Since 1983 | 305-567-9850 (call or text) / Email: info@thediscountprinter.com
Main Menu
Home
Plastic Can Lids
Buttons/Pin Backs
Personalized Notepads/Post-it® Notes
Cups /Napkins/Plates
Pens/Pencils
Calendars
Lil’ Chizler scraper
Face Masks
Wine Openers
Frisbees
Sunglasses
Beach Balls
wooden-cell-phone-cases
Reorder form
Blog
FAQ
About
Our Return & Privacy Policies
Our
Return Policy
We always want our customers to be
happy. We have been in this business since 1983 and have a stellar record. We want you back as repeat customers. We
will offer a total
refund on any item that you do not
feel is done to your liking. We do have to make a few stipulations: We
cannot accept a return on an item
because you don't like the colors you chose or if the imprint was not correct
due to a typographical error on your part. We
will however make a speedy replacement
if we caused any typo or did not produce what you specified. We will refund your
money if the item is not in tip top shape. We are fair. But since all of our
items are imprinted, you must be totally sure that what you type in to us is
what you want. Please double check spellings, color selections, addresses, etc.
NO RETURNS ON PRINTED ITEMS. We will only accept returns on
items that were imprinted incorrectly due to our error.
Thank you again for allowing us
to print for you. We know that every job you send to us is very important to you
and we know that you want it perfect and in a very timely manner. That is what
we are here to do.
Your personal information is
safe!
Also, we will never ever sell your
personal information. We obviously need your name, address, phone, email, etc.
to do business. But all that information stays with us. Honestly. You do not
need to register with us to do business. We only have the registration set up so
that you can track orders easily or re-order easily. But it is not necessary to
ever register to place an order.
Tracking your orders
All orders are tracked, so if you would like to track it, please email
us for the tracking number if you did not receive it already from the
registration site.
Our
Privacy Policy
Your private information is
secure with us. We promise.
Your privacy is our main concern.
We use a totally secure server that will encrypt your credit card and other
private information. We also keep your shipping and billing information private
and secure. Our only goal is to print for you period.
We do not
sell or use your personal information in any manner other than to print and ship
your items. We save artwork and shipping information for a short time to allow
easy re-ordering. But after a period of time, it is all wiped clean from our
files, if for no other reason than for space limitations.
Our business involves personal
printed items and of course shipping addresses and information related to that.
We need this in order to conduct business, but we in no
way share the information with anyone. All
of your private information stays with us. TheDiscountPrinter.com does
not and will
never share information. We despise spam
and work to eradicate it daily.
We are totally against email
harvesting and the practice that some sites use to collect data for marketing
reasons. This is an invasion of privacy and we are against this. In fact, we
don't even have a clue how this is done. We are only here to provide you with
the best printing and promotional items at the best prices. We are sell printing
and promotional items. Period.
We have no dealings with any
marketing companies and although we do publish a marketing newsletter, we only
send the newsletter to subscribers who opt-in to receive the newsletter. We use
a double opt-in feature to ensure that the subscriber is accurate. This is
separate from our daily printing operations and the two really are separate
entities and are treated as such.
We want you to feel secure
dealing with us. We are printers. Nothing more. Your private information is
secure with us. We promise.
FAQ
CONTACT US:
Info@TheDiscountPrinter.com
305-567-9850
REORDER FORM
OUR RETURN & PRIVACY
POLICIES
HOW TO ORDER OFFLINE
Copyright © 2020
TheDiscountPrinter.com