http://www.shrinkit.co.uk/privacy/
Reliable & Easy To Operate
Home
/
Privacy
The bases on which we process information about you
The law requires us to determine under which of six defined bases we process different categories of your personal information, and to notify you of the basis for each category.
If a basis on which we process your personal information is no longer relevant then we shall immediately stop processing your data.
If the basis changes then if required by law we shall notify you of the change and of any new basis under which we have determined that we can continue to process your information.
1. Information we process because we have a contractual obligation with you
When you create an account on our website, buy a product or service from us, or otherwise agree to our terms and conditions, a contract is formed between you and us.
In order to carry out our obligations under that contract we must process the information you give us. Some of this information may be personal information.
We may use it in order to:
verify your identity for security purposes
sell products to you
provide you with our services
provide you with suggestions and advice on products, services and how to obtain the most from using our website
We process this information on the basis there is a contract between us, or that you have requested we use the information before we enter into a legal contract.
Additionally, we may aggregate this information in a general way and use it to provide class information, for example to monitor our performance with respect to a particular service we provide. If we use it for this purpose, you as an individual will not be personally identifiable.
We shall continue to process this information until the contract between us ends or is terminated by either party under the terms of the contract.
2. Information we process with your consent
Through certain actions when otherwise there is no contractual relationship between us, such as when you browse our website or ask us to provide you more information about our business, including our products and services, you provide your consent to us to process information that may be personal information.
Wherever possible, we aim to obtain your explicit consent to process this information, for example, by asking you to agree to our use of cookies.
Sometimes you might give your consent implicitly, such as when you send us a message by e-mail to which you would reasonably expect us to reply.
Except where you have consented to our use of your information for a specific purpose, we do not use your information in any way that would identify you personally. We may aggregate it in a general way and use it to provide class information, for example to monitor the performance of a particular page on our website.
If you have given us explicit permission to do so, we may from time to time pass your name and contact information to selected associates whom we consider may provide services or products you would find useful.
We continue to process your information on this basis until you withdraw your consent or it can be reasonably assumed that your consent no longer exists.
You may withdraw your consent at any time by instructing us enquiries@shrinkit.co.uk. However, if you do so, you may not be able to use our website or our services further.
3. Information we process for the purposes of legitimate interests
We may process information on the basis there is a legitimate interest, either to you or to us, of doing so.
Where we process your information on this basis, we do after having given careful consideration to:
whether the same objective could be achieved through other means
whether processing (or not processing) might cause you harm
whether you would expect us to process your data, and whether you would, in the round, consider it reasonable to do so
For example, we may process your data on this basis for the purposes of:
record-keeping for the proper and necessary administration of ShrinKIt Ltd
responding to unsolicited communication from you to which we believe you would expect a response
protecting and asserting the legal rights of any party
insuring against or obtaining professional advice that is required to manage ShrinKit Ltd risk
protecting your interests where we believe we have a duty to do so
4. Information we process because we have a legal obligation
We are subject to the law like everyone else. Sometimes, we must process your information in order to comply with a statutory obligation.
For example, we may be required to give information to legal authorities if they so request or if they have the proper authorisation such as a search warrant or court order.
This may include your personal information.
Specific uses of information you provide to us
5. Information provided on the understanding that it will be shared with a third party
Our website allows you to post information with a view to that information being read, copied, downloaded, or used by other people.
Examples include:
posting a message our forum
tagging an image
clicking on an icon next to another visitor’s message to convey your agreement, disagreement or thanks
In posting personal information, it is up to you to satisfy yourself about the privacy level of every person who might use it.
We do store it, and we reserve a right to use it in the future in any way we decide.
Once your information enters the public domain, we have no control over what any individual third party may do with it. We accept no responsibility for their actions at any time.
Provided your request is reasonable and there is no legal basis for us to retain it, then at our discretion we may agree to your request to delete personal information that you have posted. You can make a request by contacting us at enquiries@shrinkit.co.uk
6. Complaints regarding content on our website
We attempt to moderate user generated content, but we are not always able to do so as soon as that content is published.
If you complain about any of the content on our website, we shall investigate your complaint.
If we feel it is justified or if we believe the law requires us to do so, we shall remove the content while we investigate.
Free speech is a fundamental right, so we have to make a judgment as to whose right will be obstructed: yours, or that of the person who posted the content that offends you.
If we think your complaint is vexatious or without any basis, we shall not correspond with you about it.
7. Information relating to your method of payment
At the point of payment, you are transferred to a secure page on the website of World Pay. That page may be branded to look like a page on our website, but it is not controlled by us.
8. Information about your direct debit
N/A
9. Job application and employment
If you send us information in connection with a job application, we may keep it for up to three years in case we decide to contact you at a later date.
If we employ you, we collect information about you and your work from time to time throughout the period of your employment. This information will be used only for purposes directly relevant to your employment. After your employment has ended, we will keep your file for three years before destroying or deleting it.
10. Sending a message to our support team
When you contact us, whether by telephone, through our website or by e-mail, we collect the data you have given to us in order to reply with the information you need.
We record your request and our reply in order to increase the efficiency of ShrinKit Ltd.
We keep personally identifiable information associated with your message, such as your name and email address so as to be able to track our communications with you to provide a quality service.
11. Complaining
When we receive a complaint, we record all the information you have given to us.
We use that information to resolve your complaint.
If your complaint reasonably requires us to contact some other person, we may decide to give to that other person some of the information contained in your complaint. We do this as infrequently as possible, but it is a matter for our sole discretion as to whether we do give information, and if we do, what that information is.
We may also compile statistics showing information obtained from this source to assess the level of service we provide, but not in a way that could identify you or any other person.
12. Affiliate and business partner information
This is information given to us by you in your capacity as an affiliate of us or as a business partner.
It allows us to recognise visitors that you have referred to us, and to credit to you commission due for such referrals. It also includes information that allows us to transfer commission to you.
The information is not used for any other purpose.
We undertake to preserve the confidentiality of the information and of the terms of our relationship.
We expect any affiliate or partner to agree to reciprocate this policy.
Use of information we collect through automated systems when you visit our website
13. Cookies
To make this site simpler to use, we sometimes place small files on your computer. These are known as cookies, almost all websites do this too. Cookies have many uses and most are not damaging to your privacy, all of the cookies used on this web site fall into that category. We do not use cookies that collect or transfer your personal data to other web sites for advertising or any other purpose.
Cookies are used on this site purely to improve services for you through, for example:
enabling a service to recognise your device so you don't have to give the same information several times during one task
recognising that you may already have given a username and password so you don't need to do it for every web page requested
measuring how many people are using the site, so it can be made easier to use and there's enough capacity to ensure it is fast enough
We use Google Analytics to measure how many people use this site. We do this to make sure the site is meeting users' needs and to understand how we could improve it.
Google Analytics stores information about what pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you got here and what you click on. We do not collect or store any personal information (e.g. your name or address) so this information cannot be used to identify who you are. We also do not allow Google to use or share our analytics data.
The following cookies are used by Google Analytics:
_utma stores a randomly generated number for 2 years
_utmb stores a randomly generated number for 30 minutes
_utmc stores a randomly generated number until you close your browser
_utmz stores a randomly generated number and anonymous information on how the site was reached (e.g. direct or via a link or a search) for 6 months
The following cookie is used to provide other normal website functions:
asp.net_sessionid stores a randomly generated number until you close your browser
If you do not wish to accept any cookies on to your machine you can disable them by adjusting the settings on your browser. However, this is likely to adversely affect the functionality of websites you visit.
14. Personal identifiers from your browsing activity
Requests by your web browser to our servers for web pages and other content on our website are recorded.
We record information such as your geographical location, your Internet service provider and your IP address. We also record information about the software you are using to browse our website, such as the type of computer or device and the screen resolution.
We use this information in aggregate to assess the popularity of the webpages on our website and how we perform in providing content to you.
If combined with other information we know about you from previous visits, the data possibly could be used to identify you personally, even if you are not signed in to our website.
15. Our use of re-marketing
N/A
Disclosure and sharing of your information
16. Information we obtain from third parties
N/A
17. Third party advertising on our website
Third parties may advertise on our website. In doing so, those parties, their agents or other companies working for them may use technology that automatically collects information about you when their advertisement is displayed on our website.
They may also use other technology such as cookies or JavaScript to personalise the content of, and to measure the performance of their adverts.
We do not have control over these technologies or the data that these parties obtain. Accordingly, this privacy notice does not cover the information practices of these third parties.
18. Credit Reference
To assist in combating fraud, we share information with credit reference agencies, so far as it relates to clients or customers who instruct their credit card issuer to cancel payment to us without having first provided an acceptable reason to us and given us the opportunity to refund their money.
19. Data may be processed outside the European Union
Our website is hosted in the UK.
Accordingly, data obtained within the UK or any other country could be processed outside the European Union.
For example, some of the software our website uses may have been developed in the United States of America or in Australia.
We use the following safeguards with respect to data transferred outside the European Union:
Access to your own information
20. Access to your personal information
At any time, you may review or update personally identifiable information that we hold about you, by signing in to your account on our website.
To obtain a copy of any information that is not provided on our website you may send us a request at enquiries@shrinkit.co.uk
After receiving the request, Information will be provided without delay and at the latest within one month of receipt. We will tell you when we expect to provide you with the information, and whether we require any fee for providing it to you. ShrinKit Ltd will provide a copy of the information free of charge. However, ShrinKit Ltd will charge a ‘reasonable fee’ when a request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, particularly if it is repetitive.
21. Removal of your information
If you wish us to remove personally identifiable information from our website, you may contact us at enquiries@shrinkit.co.uk
This may limit the service we can provide to you.
22. Verification of your information
When we receive any request to access, edit or delete personal identifiable information we shall first take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access or otherwise taking any action. This is important to safeguard your information.
Other matters
23. Use of site by children
We do not sell products or provide services for purchase by children, nor do we market to children.
If you are under 18, you may use our website only with consent from a parent or guardian
Such child users and visitors will inevitably visit other parts of the site and will be subject to whatever on-site marketing they find, wherever they visit.
24. Encryption of Data sent between Us
We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) certificates to verify our identity to your browser and to encrypt any data you give us.
Whenever information is transferred between us, you can check that it is done so using SSL by looking for a closed padlock symbol or other trust mark in your browser’s URL bar or toolbar.
25. How you can complain
If you are not happy with our privacy policy or if have any complaint then you should tell us by email. enquiries@shrinkit.co.uk
If a dispute is not settled then we hope you will agree to attempt to resolve it by engaging in good faith with us in a process of mediation or arbitration.
If you are in any way dissatisfied about how we process your personal information, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner's Office. This can be done at
Information Commissioner, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF. Phone 0303 123 1113 www.ico.org.uk
26. Retention period for personal data
Except as otherwise mentioned in this privacy notice, we keep your personal information only for as long as required by us:
to provide you with the services you have requested;
to comply with other law, including for the period demanded by our tax authorities;
to support a claim or defence in court.
27. Compliance with the law
Our privacy policy has been compiled so as to comply with the law of every country or legal jurisdiction in which we aim to do business. If you think it fails to satisfy the law of your jurisdiction, we should like to hear from you.
However, ultimately it is your choice as to whether you wish to use our website.
28. Review of this privacy policy
We may update this privacy notice from time to time as necessary. The terms that apply to you are those posted here on our website on the day you use our website. We advise you to print a copy for your records.
If you have any question regarding our privacy policy, please contact us.
Share with
Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
LinkedIn
Email
Buy the NEW Shrink Gun
Buy Now
We Service & Repair
Buy Now