https://www.musicalfidelity.com/about-us/privacy
Support
Tutorials
Archive
Manuals
FAQ
Software
XLR Wiring
Testimonials
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how we use and protects any information that you give us when you use this website.
Presto AV Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 1st April 2012.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name
Contact information including email address
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products, services or website.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new services, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We will only contact you by the details you give, normally by email. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
The following cookies are in use on this website:
CookieNamePurpose
Session Cookie
CMSSESSID
This website uses a session cookie to enable core functionality (such as prompting you to correct errors when submitting forms). It is anonymous, contains no personal information and is destroyed as soon as you close your browser.
Cookie Acceptance
EU_COOKIE_LAW_CONSENT
This cookie is used to record if a user has accepted the use of cookies on this website.
Google Analytics
_utma_utmb_utmc _utmt_utmz
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site, which we use to help improve it. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. See also the separate privacy overview at Google
Bluekai
bkdc, bku
Like Google Analytics these cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site, which we use to help improve it.
AddThis
bt2, di2, dt, loc, uid, um, uvc, vc
Makes it easier for you to share our pages on social media networks like Facebook & Twitter. More information can be found at www.addthis.com.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Musical Fidelity Ltd, 24-26 Fulton Road, Wembley, Middlesex, HA9 0TF United Kingdom.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.