https://www.colyaer.com/ingles/cookies-policy/
Cookies PolicyIn compliance with the provisions of Article 22.2 of the Law of Services of the Information Society and Electronic Commerce (LSSI) and adaptation to European Directive 2009/136/EC, the holder of this site informs you that part of services offered to its users use cookies.
Definition. – A cookie is a small text file that the server can store on the hard disk of a computer to store some information about the user. The cookie can only be read by the website that sent the team. It is not an executable file and can not propagate nor contain a virus.
Purpose. –  This web uses these data with the ultimate aim of improving its services. The information stored by the system recognize this mechanism allows the user during his visits to the website.
Accepting and deleting cookies. – The user consents to the use of cookies or by the acceptance of cookies policy or by configuring your browser and browsing this website.
The owner of this site tells you that you can set your browser to accept, block or remove cookies. To configure your browser in relation to the use of cookies, you can follow these instructions:
Chrome: Settings – Privacy – Content Settings – Cookies.
Firefox: Preferences – Privacy.
Internet Explorer: Tools – Internet Options – Privacy – Advanced.
Safari: Preferences – Privacy
However, advise, and thank you, that activate the acceptance of cookies in order to obtain more precise data for improving the content and adapt to user preferences.
The owner is not responsible if the deactivation of cookies, user configured, prevents the proper functioning of the website.
Types. – This website uses third-party cookies.
Third Party Cookies: This website uses cookies Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc., a Delaware company whose main office is at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View (California), CA 94043, USA (“Google”). Google will use this information on behalf of the owner of this website in order to analyze the use of the website by users, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and use services Internet