http://www.usafoam.com/privacy.html
COVID19 Status: Normal Processing Times, Curbside Pickup Available (Details)
All Items Are Local (Michigan) Pick Up Only
Last Updated: July 23rd, 2019
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy is designed to assist you, as businesses, consumers and the general public, in understanding how we collect and use the personal information you provide to us, and to help you make informed decisions when using our web site and all of our related services.
Our Contact Information
To request a correction or deletion of your private information, or if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please
Contact Us.
Surface Mailing Address:See our Contact Us page.
What Information Do We Collect?When visiting our Web site, you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you voluntarily choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and site use information gathered on a collective basis as you and others browse our site.
Personal Information You Choose to Provide
E-mail Information:If you choose to correspond with us through e-mail, we may retain the content of your e-mail messages along with your e-mail address and our responses.
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?We use personal information for the purposes of managing and expanding our business activities, providing customer service and making other products and services available to our customers and prospective customers. Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Web site, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable.
Opting Out:We allow you the choice to opt-out of having your information used for purposes not directly related to our site when we ask for the information. Until you explicitly opt-in for the first time, we consider you to be opting out. We always notify our customers when their information is being collected by any outside parties. This way our users can make an informed choice as to whether or not they should proceed with services that require an outside party.
If you do not wish to receive any promotional or marketing e-mails and/or surface mail marketing letters, you may opt-out of receiving those messages by sending an e-mail with the subject line "Unsubscribe" to our e-mail address listed on the Contact Us page.
What Are Cookies?A cookie is a very small text document that often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a Web site, that site's computer asks your computer for permission to store a cookie in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for such files. Each Web site can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it, but to protect your privacy your browser only permits a Web site to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites.
Do We Use Information We Collect from Cookies?As you visit our Web site, the site uses cookies to differentiate you from other customers. In some cases, we also use cookies to prevent you from seeing unnecessary advertisements or requiring you to log in more than is necessary for security. We also use cookies to improve your user experience; if cookies are disabled, some website features may not function as expected.
Cookies, in conjunction with our Web server's log files, allow us to calculate the aggregate number of people visiting our Web site and which parts of the site are most popular. This helps us gather feedback in order to constantly improve our Web site and better serve our customers. Cookies do not allow us to gather any personal information about you and we do not generally store any personal information that you provide to us in your cookies.
Sharing Information with Third PartiesWe may enter into alliances, partnerships or other business arrangements with third parties who may be given access to personal information including your name, address, telephone number and e-mail for the purpose of providing you with information regarding products and services that we think will be of interest to you.
In connection with alliances, partnerships or arrangements, we may also provide certain information to third parties if we have determined that the information will be used in a responsible manner by a responsible third party.
We also use third parties to facilitate our business, including, but not limited to, sending e-mail and processing credit card payments. With these offerings and business operations, our partners and other third parties may have access to your personal information for use in connection with normal business activities.
As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or business offerings. Customer, e-mail, and visitor information is generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of transactions. We may also transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, or any dissolution.
How Do We Protect Your Information?
Secure Information TransmissionsE-mail is not recognized as a secure medium of communication. For this reason, we request that you do not send private information to us by e-mail. Some of the information you may enter on our Web site may be encrypted and transmitted securely. Pages utilizing this technology will have URLs that start with HTTPS instead of HTTP, and will often be shown with a padlock icon in your browser's address bar. Please
Contact Us if you have any questions or concerns.
How Can You Access and Correct Your Information?You may request access to all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain in our database by Contacting Us.
What About Other Web Sites Linked to Our Web Site?We are not responsible for the practices employed by Web sites linked to or from our Web site, nor the information or content contained therein. Often links to other Web sites are provided solely as guides to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our Web site. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Web site to another Web site, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your activities and interaction on any other Web site, including Web sites which have a link on our Web site, is subject to that Web site's own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
Your Consent:By using our Web site, you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on our Web site to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it. At any time you may request to view any and all changes and updates via surface mail.
Notification of Changes:The Privacy Policy is subject to periodic review and change. In order to view the current Privacy Policy, simply check this page, as this is where all changes, additions or deletions will be posted. If we materially change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement and other places we deem appropriate so users are aware of what information we collect, how it is used, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. In some cases where we post a notice, we may also e-mail users who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.
HomeCustomer ServiceContact UsPrivacy Notice Data SheetsAbout Us
Copyright © 1997-2020 The Foam Factory. All rights reserved.