https://www.newcastlepermanent.com.au/terms-of-use
Skip to content
This site uses cookies to shape your online experience. Read more
Dismiss
Home
Terms of Use
Print
Share
Google+
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
Terms of Use
Who operates this Website?
This website is operated by Newcastle Permanent Building Society Limited for itself and on behalf of its related bodies corporate (collectively "Newcastle Permanent", "we", "us", "our") under the domain name "www.newcastlepermanent.com.au" ("Website").
Binding terms
Your use of the information, graphics and other materials (collectively "materials") on the Website is governed by these terms of use, the privacy statement and the security advice. By using or accessing the Website you agree to be bound by and accept these terms of use, the privacy policy and the security advice.
In addition to these terms of use, the privacy statement and the security advice, there may be additional terms from time to time displayed on the Website which govern your use of, and access to, certain sections of the Website. You are also bound by those additional terms and you should review them wherever they are accessible by you on the Website.
Linked sites
The Website may contain links to other internet sites operated by third parties ("third party sites"). We do not endorse or approve the operators of third party sites, or the materials on third party sites ("third party material") or goods or services referred to in them (“third party products"), or any software downloads available from them, or authorise the reproduction of third party material.
All advertisements, inducements, offers to sell and statements relating to third party products on third party sites are the responsibility of and given by the third party site operator only, and not by us. Unless otherwise stated on the Website, we do not act on behalf of third party website operators in any capacity. Before considering whether to acquire or continue holding third party products you should endeavour to obtain any relevant Terms and Conditions or Product Disclosure Statements (PDS) from the issuer or seller of that third party product.
We may receive payments from third party site operators in relation to goods or services supplied by those operators as a result of you linking to a third party site from the Website.
You must not create a link to any part of the Website without our prior written consent.  We have sole and absolute discretion whether to give or refuse consent to any linking to any part of the Website.
Warranties
To the extent permitted by law, we make no warranties or representations:
regarding the quality, accuracy, completeness, merchantability or fitness for purpose of materials on the Website or of third party material or third party products; or
that third party material or materials on the Website do not infringe the intellectual property rights of any person; or
that third party material or materials on the Website are free from computer viruses; or
that access to third party material or materials on the Website will be uninterrupted.
We take reasonable care to ensure that Information on the Website is correct at the time of publication, but all information may be subject to change.
General information only
Materials on the Website may contain general information about our products and services. Unless otherwise stated in the Website, this information:
does not constitute an offer or inducement for you to enter into a legally binding contract; and
does not form part of the terms and conditions for your acquisition of our products or services.
For further information about a particular one of our products or services, please contact us directly. We recommend that you consider whether you would benefit from seeking independent advice before acting on the materials on the Website or third party material.
Additional terms and conditions apply to our products and services, and fees may apply for some products.  All applications for credit are subject to our normal credit approval criteria applying from time to time.
Disclosure
Before you consider whether to acquire or continue holding one of our products, you should consider the Terms and Conditions or PDS applicable to it, which can be obtained through the Website or direct from one of our branches.
The Terms and Conditions or PDS in each case confirm whether we (or any other entity) issues or sells the particular product to which the Terms and Conditions or PDS relates.  Unless otherwise stated, we are the issuer or seller of any Newcastle Permanent product.
Jurisdiction
The Website is only for use by, and any products and services displayed or referred to in it are only available to, Australian residents.  Legal requirements of places outside Australia have not been considered in the design of the Website and our products and services. The law applicable to your use of the Website and to any disputes arising from your use of it, is the law of the State of New South Wales in Australia.
Disclaimer and liability limit
To the extent permitted by law, we are not liable to you for any loss, damage, liability, claim or expense (including but not limited to legal costs) whatsoever in connection with the materials on the Website or third party material.
Where liability cannot lawfully be excluded, then to the extent permitted by law, our liability for a breach of a condition or warranty of any kind is limited at our option, to:
the supply of the goods or services again; or
the repair of the goods; or
the payment of the cost of having the goods or services supplied again or repaired.
Termination
These terms of use and the agreement constituted by your use of the Website and your access to the Website may be terminated at any time by Newcastle Permanent without notice. To the extent permitted by law, all disclaimers by and limitations of liability of Newcastle Permanent shall survive such termination for any reason. You will no longer be authorised to access the Website upon such termination.
Intellectual property
Copyright on the materials on the Website is owned or licensed by us. Except where necessary for viewing the materials on your browser, or as permitted under the Copyright Act 1968 of Australia or other compulsory law or these terms of use or the privacy statement or the security advice, none of the materials on the Website may be reproduced, adapted, uploaded or transferred to a third party, linked, framed, performed in public, distributed or transmitted in any form by any process without our prior written consent. The mark "Newcastle Permanent", and all associated trademarks and logos, are trademarks and logos of Newcastle Permanent.
About Cookies
This website uses cookies to collect information relating to online visitor behaviour, demographics and provide a personalised experience for both the prospective and existing members
The cookies used by the website do not personally identify website visitors.
A cookie is a small text file that is stored in a website browser. This includes browsers on mobile and tablet devices.
The types of cookies we use
Different cookies do different jobs. The following are the types of cookies used on our website:
Personalisation cookies
Personalisation cookies help us to identify when someone returns to our website. Based on previous interactions with our website (behaviour) or geographic location, we can predict what a visitor might be looking for and display more relevant content.
Analytics cookies
Analytics cookies provide us with data which we use to ensure the website is performing at an optimal level. The information collected is generalised data, and does not personally identify website visitors.
3rd party cookies
Third parties, including Facebook, may use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from our website and elsewhere on the Internet and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads. The 3rd party services we use across our website have their own individual cookie policies, and we recommend that you read their policies. We hold no responsibility for 3rd party cookies.
Facebook cookies policy
YouTube cookies policy
Maxmind privacy policy
Blocking or deleting cookies
You can opt out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting by disabling cookies on your browser. Cookies can be disabled by adjusting your individual browser settings and preferences. If cookies are disabled then you will not be able to access our internet banking services, and you may also not be able to access or use various other features or functions of our Website.
Site management cookies
Site management cookies play an important role. We use these to issue site-wide alerts or to ensure you see certain content, such as a reminder, only once.
Session cookies
Session cookies assist with streamlining our website experience. Some of our online forms span multiple pages, and these cookies can assist visitors to avoid re-entering the same information across pages.
Cookies and location services
Internet connected devices use an identifier called an ‘IP address’ to communicate. We cannot identify who is using a particular IP address, but it may be possible to tell what geographic region an IP address is likely to be associated with.
If the website is accessed through a mobile device, depending on the device settings, we may be able to determine the approximate location of the mobile device using global positioning system (GPS) information. Check the manufacturer’s instructions for information about how you can manage location based services.
We may use IP addresses or GPS information, together with other information about the device that is used to access the website to provide content that is more relevant to the region where an internet connection is likely to be located. This information does not personally identify website visitors.
Change
These current terms of use replace any other prior terms of use published on the Website. All materials on the Website are subject to change without notice. These terms of use were last updated on 27 October 2017.
Open Banking API Terms of Use
Open Banking API Terms of Use
Get in touch
Tab Navigation
Call 13 19 87
Make an enquiry
Find a local branch
Call 13 19 87
Make an enquiry
Find a local branch
Find a local branch or ATM
You may notice a few hygiene and social distancing changes in our branches to protect customers and our people. If you are feeling unwell, please bank from home using the app, internet banking or call our local call centre team.
With many customers now choosing contactless ways of banking, you will find these branches open on a Saturday morning: Waratah, Wallsend, Greenhills, Charlestown Square, Raymond Terrace, Glendale, Kotara, Mount Hutton, Swansea, Erina, and Tuggerah.
Address
Proximity (km)
5km
10km
25km
50km
100km
100km+
Search for
ATM
Branch
Home Loan Specialist
View results as:
Map
List
Locate now
View map