https://www.bizmanualz.com/about-bizmanualz/privacy-policy
Bizmanualz Privacy PracticesThis privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for Bizmanualz. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.Information regarding subscription and opting-out of the newsletter.How personal information needed for orders is protected.The importance of looking at the privacy policies of sites to which this one links.The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.The IT Security Program.Information Collection, Use, and SharingWe are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. While we may collect specific personal or professional information (such as name, title, mailing, address, email, etc.) we use this data internally only.We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.Notwithstanding the above, with respect to all users of our site, Bizmanualz reserves the right to disclose any content, records, or electronic communication of any kind (including personal information or private electronic communication transmitted on our site):(i)   to satisfy any law, regulation, or government request; (ii)  if such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate Bizmanualz.com; or (iii) to protect the rights or property of Bizmanualz or its users, sponsors, providers, licensors, or merchants.Bizmanualz also reserves the right to reject any order or to request additional information from any customer.GOOGLE ADWORDS AND REMARKETINGFeatures of Google Analytics for Display Advertisers are used to obtain specific visitor cookie data, such as the source, medium and keywords used to visit our website. Google Analytics does not store any visitor specific data and we will not use visitor specific data in any way related to Google Analytics, Google Adwords, and Remarketing.Google Adwords and Google Analytics are used for remarketing to visitors that have previously visited our site. Specific advertisements may be displayed on other websites that have the Google Display Network implemented.Google uses first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on visitor’s past visits to our website.We take our users’ privacy very seriously. We feel that certain personal information should always be kept private, so we do not use any sensitive information about users. This includes information such as their financial status, sexual orientation, and other sensitive categories.As adwords advertisers, we are restricted from and will not perform the following actions:Running ads that collect Personally Identifiable Information (PII) including, but not limited to, mailing addresses, telephone numbers, and credit card numbersCreating a remarketing list or creating ad text that specifically targets users in ways that are outlined as “prohibited” by Google.Facilitating the merging of personally-identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information previously collected from Display Advertising.YOUR ACCESS TO AND CONTROL OVER INFORMATIONYou may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:See what data we have about you, if any.Change/correct any data we have about you.Have us delete any data we have about you.Express any concern you have about our use of your data.Visitors may opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertisers and customized Google Display Network ads by using the Ads Settings and or the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on.NEWSLETTERS AND PROMOTIONSOnce you have provided your email address, you will be on our mailing list for future promotions, courses, and offers provided by the company. If you no longer wish to receive these emails, you may opt-out of receiving them at any time by clicking the link at the bottom of any email. You may also unsubscribe, to be taken off our mailing list about future promotions, courses, and offers, by sending an email message to: sales[at]bizmanualz[dot]com.ORDERSWe request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number and expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you.Note: Credit card information collected on the Internet is not stored on any of our computers. We use A third party credit card merchant provider and as such we are not provided with your credit card number at the time of the sale (read our Terms and Conditions page for details).COOKIESA cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site.Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site. You have the option to disable cookies using your browser preferences, though it may slow down some features on the site.WEB LINKSThis website contains links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.IT Security ProgramWe take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.INFORMATION SECURITYCredit card information collected on the Internet is not stored on any of our computers. We use a third party Internet merchant provider and as such we are not provided with your credit card number at the time of the sale. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the top or bottom of your web browser, or look for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.NETWORK SECURITYNetwork security includes dedicated network firewalls using Juniper and Cisco Pix firewalls, with a software firewall on each server. Data transfers are secured by SSL and SSH.  Only ports used by SSH and Apache are open. SSL Certificates help keep your transactions secure with strong encryption.ONPOLICY SECURITY & BACKUPOnPolicy keeps all customer data in a SQL database.User passwords are MD5 encrypted.OnPolicy provides an option for customer to disable sending document attachments via email during workflow notification.Customer documents are stored in MySQL. The database is configured for hot backups for incremental point-in-time restoration in case of failure.Full backups are performed daily and stored on our SSAE 16 hosted server and duplicated on off-site backup drives via secure file transfer.All communications between user desktops/browsers and OnPolicy services are encrypted via SSL.OnPolicy maintains copies of all backups going back one month, and then all Monday backups permanently.OnPolicy utilizes a role-based system. Documents stored in the system are isolated and available only to users specifically authorized for access to them by your administrators and editors.OnPolicy never overwrites a document. Editing always creates a new revision copy.Users cannot delete a released document or a document that is under workflow.Contact UsOur privacy policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page. If you have comments or questions about our privacy policy, you may contact:Bizmanualz, Inc. 7733 Forsyth Blvd STE 1100 Clayton, MO 63105You may also Contact Us Online or via telephone at 1-800-466-9953 (US toll free) or 314-863-5079. 0HomeContact UsAbout UsHelpMy Account