http://www.hsag.com/en/privacy/
Skip to main content
Login:
PartnersEmployees
A
A
A
Search
Go
Menu
Home
About
Careers
Contact
You are here:
Home
Privacy and Confidentiality Statement
Privacy and Confidentiality Statement
Top
Health Services Advisory Group (HSAG) knows how important privacy is to its online users and is committed to protecting their information and the security of HSAG’s websites.
This Privacy and Confidentiality Statement describes how HSAG collects and uses the information received through its web systems. Please review this policy and contact HSAG if you have any questions.
Email: Contact Us
Address: Health Services Advisory Group | 3133 E. Camelback Road, Suite 100 |  Phoenix, Arizona 85016-4545
Information Collection and Use
HSAG collects certain information to help run and maintain its websites. For example, information collected provides general statistics about how people use the websites to help HSAG continually identify areas for improvement.
HSAG will not obtain personally identifying information when users visit the websites, unless they choose to provide such information, such as meeting or portal access or when completing HSAG’s online participation agreements or project-specific commitment forms. While users do not have to provide personal information to visit HSAG’s websites, HSAG’s websites do automatically collect and record certain information about each visitor’s computer hardware and software, including:
The date and time of the visit.
The web pages visited.
The type of computer and browser used.
The search engine used, as well as the keywords that helped the visitor find the website.
The country where the visitor’s computer is located.
HSAG is the sole owner of all information collected on its websites. HSAG does not sell, trade, or rent user information to other organizations, groups, or entities. Though, information collected on HSAG’s websites may be shared with government agencies, when contractually required.
IP Address Log Files
HSAG collects and uses IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movements, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information, except when the user has chosen to provide personally identifying information when registering for meetings or portal access, or when completing HSAG’s online participation agreements or project-specific commitment forms. They can, however, be resolved to identify the name of the organization that owns the IP address.
Meeting Registration and Use
HSAG offers online registration for some professional meetings. Users are required to provide contact information during registration. This information may include name, credentials, organization, and email. HSAG uses this information to register users for meetings, contact users about meeting news and updates, and to potentially contact the user about future, related HSAG meetings and activities. Required information fields for registration on the meeting website are clearly marked; all other fields are optional.
Participation Agreements and Project-Specific Commitment Forms
HSAG offers online participation agreements or project-specific commitment forms that partners may complete on HSAG’s website. Users are required to provide contact information during completion of these agreements and forms. This information may include name, credentials, organization, and email. HSAG uses this information to sign users up for participation in quality improvement initiatives and specific projects, and potentially contact the user about future, related HSAG initiatives and projects. Required information fields for participation agreements and project-specific commitments on the website are clearly marked; all other fields are optional.
Portal Registration and Use
Registration is also required for access to secure, project-specific online portals maintained by HSAG. This information is used to verify the identity of the requesting user and may be used to issue user names and passwords. All portals are secured by passwords and cannot be accessed by unauthorized personnel. Please keep your password confidential. Do not share it with outside entities. In order to ensure your privacy, immediately notify HSAG if an employee with access to a portal leaves your agency.
When registering for, or logging in to, a secure portal, information is encrypted and protected with industry standard SSL technology. While on a secure page, the lock icon on the bottom of web browsers, such as Microsoft Internet Explorer, becomes locked.
The Use of Cookies
A cookie is a small text file websites place on a hard drive to help remind a website who you are and to add convenience to your visit. For example, returning users registering for an event will have their information preloaded on registration forms based on previous visits to the web page. Users can accept or decline cookies. Users who reject cookies can still be able to use the websites; however, some areas of the website may be limited. For example, users may not receive custom information from the website or have their information preloaded into registration forms.
Email
Every attempt is made to protect personal information that is shared with HSAG. However, non-encrypted electronic mail is at risk of being accessed and viewed by other users without your knowledge and permission. Do not use email for any confidential information. HSAG is not responsible for the security of email communications. To protect privacy, users may send confidential information through postal mail to HSAG.
Information Sharing
HSAG may share information about the use and engagement of its websites with some of its customers, such as the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) and some state governments. HSAG does not provide personally identifiable information in these reports, which are generally used for verifying the level and type of use of HSAG websites.
Links
HSAG websites contain many links to other sites. HSAG is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. Users should be aware when they leave the HSAG website and should read the privacy statement of each website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by HSAG websites.
Information Security
SSL encryption is used to protect sensitive information online. HSAG servers are kept in a secure, restricted-access environment. Robust encryption technology/protocols are in place to ensure the security of user information. Ongoing training on security and privacy practices is provided to HSAG staff members.
Notification of Changes
HSAG reserves the right to amend this policy, as necessary, without prior notice. Any changes to the privacy policy will be posted on the website so users are always aware of what information is collected, how it is used, and under what circumstances, if any, it is disclosed. If, at any point, a decision is made to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, HSAG will notify users by way of email. Users will have the choice as to whether or not to give HSAG permission to user their information in this different manner. Unless specific information is given, HSAG will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which information was collected.
For an Adobe Acrobat Reader formatted copy of this Privacy Policy, click here.
Home
About
Careers
Contact Us
Medicare Quality Improvement (QIO)
Join the HSAG HQIC Partnership
ESRD Networks Home
Pharmacy and Quality Measurement Division
Medicaid External Quality Review
Quality Payment Program Service Center
Surveys
Audit and Validation Services (HEDIS®/P4P)
News
COVID-19
HSAG HIIN
About
What We Do
Leadership
Data Science & Advanced Analytics
Small Business Opportunities
Recognition and Certifications
Medicare Quality Improvement (QIO)
Care Coordination
Data Reporting
Hospital
Nursing Home
Physician Office
Quality Reporting
States of Service
Join the HSAG HQIC Partnership
On-Demand Informational Webinars
HQIC FAQs
HQIC Events
ESRD Networks Home
ESRD Network 7
ESRD Network 13
ESRD Network 15
ESRD Network 17
HSAG ESRD Governance and Compliance
© Health Services Advisory Group. HEDIS® is a registered trademark of the National Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA).
Contact
Site Map
Privacy
Accessibility
Partners Login
Employee Login