http://www.widmeyer.com/disclaimer-privacy-policy.html
Disclaimer & Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
We value our employees ability to create and interact with the world and our clients in digital media. As a result of these values, we allow some of our employees to post blogs, tweets, and other digital material on our website. Material on this website in the form of blogs, tweets, or other user generated content expresses the opinion of the writer alone. None of these materials necessarily represents the position of Widmeyer on any issue.
Privacy Policy
Widmeyer Communications is committed to protecting the privacy and security of visitors to our website. Outlined below is our online privacy policy for information collected through our website and e-mail lists. If you have questions about these policies, we encourage you to talk to us by email: info@widmeyer.com.
Resale or disclosure of information to third parties
We do not share or otherwise disclose any personal information, including your name, address, or e-mail addresses with other organizations. Only Widmeyer staff and our authorized agents have access to personally identifiable information provided by visitors to our site.
Privacy of Our E-Mail Lists
Widmeyer maintains several e-mail lists to keep Widmeyer supporters, the press, and policymakers informed about news and events. Individuals must request to join our mailing lists. Individuals who provide optional information may also receive materials in the U.S. mail and/or be contacted by telephone by authorized Widmeyer representatives. In addition, we do not share the e-mail addresses on our lists with staff outside of Widmeyer and its authorized agents. We configure our list server software to refuse to divulge the e-mail addresses of our list subscribers to anyone but authorized Widmeyer staff and agents. Only Widmeyer staff and our authorized agents have access to personally identifiable information provided by visitors to our site.
Children's Privacy
Because we care about the safety and privacy of children online, we comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA). COPPA and its accompanying FTC regulation establish United States federal law that protects the privacy of children using the Internet. We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 13. Our site is not intended to solicit information of any kind from children under 13, and we have designed our site to block our knowing acceptance of information from children under 13 whenever age-related information is requested.
It is possible that by fraud or deception we may receive information pertaining to children under 13. If we are notified of this, as soon as we verify the notification, we will immediately obtain parental consent or otherwise delete the information from our servers. If you want to notify us of our receipt of information by children under 13, please do so by e-mailing us at: info@widmeyer.com.
Security
The Widmeyer website uses industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving financial data from our site. In addition, we have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss or misuse of information at our site that we have collected from you.
Home
Expertise
About