http://www.trainingfolks.com/privacy
1.866.873.6557
Request More Info
Home
Insights
Blog
Microlearning
About Us
Company Overview
Leadership Team
Our Clients
Awards and Recognition
Refer a Client or Training Project
Careers
Contract Training Professionals
Intern Program
Social Responsibility
Privacy
Services
Custom eLearning Development
Executive Search and Placement
Global Training Delivery and Facilitation
Instructional Design Services
Training Needs Assessment
Translation and Localization
Virtual Instructor Led Training
Solutions
Employee Onboarding
User Adoption Strategy
Salesforce Custom Training
SAP Custom Training
Workday Custom Training
Leadership Development Training
Compliance and Risk Training
Sales and Service Training
Staffing
Contract Trainer
Instructional Designer
Instructional Technologist
Technical Writer
Business Analyst
eLearning Developer
Change Manager
Virtual Instructor
Virtual Producer
Products
Learning Management System - LMS
Soft Skills Training
DiSC Training
Everything DiSC Workplace
Everything DiSC Work of Leaders
Industries
Courier and Logistics
Financial Services Training
Healthcare Training
Manufacturing
Retail
Technology
Training and Development
Contact Us
trainingfolks' Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This statement provides TrainingFolks privacy policy on information that is collected through this web site and the use of that information. In General, TrainingFolks may use the information it collects for management and promotion of TrainingFolks. We will not sell or disclose your information for any other purpose without your written consent, unless there is a legal requirement for such disclosure. To the extent that TrainingFolks discloses information to third-party contractors, those third parties will be required to follow this privacy policy.
Information Collected During Your Visit To This Web Site
TrainingFolks is the sole owner of the information collected on this site, www.TrainingFolks.com. TrainingFolks collects information from its customers at several different points on our website. By using our services and accessing our site, you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this statement, as modified from time to time by us. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post a new statement on our site and change the date indicated at the bottom of the statement. Therefore, we encourage you to check the date of our privacy policy statement whenever you visit this site for any updates or changes.
Personal Information
We collect several different types of information on our site. We collect "personal information," which is information that can be used to identify you individually, such as your name, address and telephone number. TrainingFolks' employees may have access to your personal information only for legitimate business purposes, and are required to protect the confidentiality of your personal information.
When you request information from TrainingFolks and/or supply information through the site that personally identifies you and/or allows us to contact you, including any and all materials submitted by you in connection with applying to TrainingFolks for employment, including but not limited to, when you fill out a subscription form or consulting expertise inquiry, opt in to receive emails from TrainingFolks, or agree to participate in surveys, you are agreeing to share such information, including your name, e-mail address, title, occupation, company or university affiliation, industry, region, relationship to TrainingFolks, reason for contacting TrainingFolks, and any message you submit, with TrainingFolks, its agents, representatives and affiliates, and you should know that TrainingFolks may disclose such information to its agents, representatives and affiliates for marketing and promotional purposes. We may collect the e-mail addresses of those who send us e-mail messages; however, we will not send unsolicited e-mail to any of the addresses we collect or share those addresses with any unaffiliated third party, except in the limited circumstances set forth below. Note, however, that you will have the ability to opt out of receiving future emails from TrainingFolks. To unsubscribe, click the unsubscribe link on the bottom of the email or reply to any TrainingFolks email with unsubscribe in the title.
If you elect to submit an employment application to us online through our site, all of the information you submit becomes the property of TrainingFolks and may be used for any and all purposes ordinarily associated with processing an employment application, as well as for marketing and promotional purposes.
Technical Information
We automatically collect and store "technical information" about your visit to our site such as: (1) the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet; (2) the type of browser software and operating system used to access our site; (3) the date and time you access our site; and (4) the pages you visit on our site. The technical information collected will not personally identify you.
The following information explains in more detail the different forms of personal and technical information and how we may collect and use that information.
E-mail Address
If you send us an e-mail with questions or comments or if you provide your e-mail address when ordering TrainingFolks content, TrainingFolks may use your e-mail address and other personal information included in your correspondence to improve the content of our web site or to respond to your correspondence.
Children's Privacy
This site is not directed at children 13 years of age or younger. TrainingFolks, therefore, will not intentionally collect information about anyone under the age of 13, and requests that no such information be submitted to us.
How We Use the Information We Collect
TrainingFolks uses the information we collect from all of our web pages to provide, maintain, protect and improve the content on our sites as well as the services we offer. TrainingFolks also uses this information to offer you tailored content. When you contact TrainingFolks, we may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing. TrainingFolks may use your email address to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements. TrainingFolks uses information collected from cookies and other technologies to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services. For example, by saving your language preferences, we’ll be able to have our services appear in the language you prefer.
We may use cookies or other technology to obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses our Site. "Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Our Site may use cookies and other technology to store pertinent user information during a session to speed navigation and keep track of items and to collect anonymous traffic data that we may use to enhance our Site and for marketing and promotional purposes. The "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive new cookies, and how to disable cookies altogether.
Notification of Changes
TrainingFolks reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy and will display any changes to this privacy policy to this web site 30 days before the changes become effective. If we decide to change this privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy policy statement, the homepage, and other pages we deem appropriate so our customers are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
How to Contact Us?
If you have any questions about our privacy policy statement or our use of your information you can contact us directly.
Special Notice
Effective Date of Privacy Policy: February 1, 2015. Use of this site signifies your acceptance of TrainingFolks Web Site Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.
TrainingFolks Locations:
United States Office
501 Cascade Pointe Ln, Suite 101      Cary, NC 27513-5787Phone: +1 (919) 878 9166Fax: +1 (905) 850 9866
Canada Office
111 Zenway Blvd, Suite 33      Woodbridge, ONT L4H 3H9Phone: +1 (905) 850 3986Fax: +1 (905) 850 9866
TrainingFolks
1-866-TR-FOLKS (1-866-873-6557)
Fax: 1-905-850-9866
US Office501 Cascade Pointe Ln, Suite 101Cary, NC 27513-5787Phone: 1-919-878-9166
Canadian Office111 Zenway Blvd, Suite 33Woodbridge, Ontario L4H 3H9Phone: 1-905-850-3986
From Our Blog
Connect With Us