http://www.creamright.com/privacy.html
Order History and Tracking
Items in Cart: 0
Subtotal: $0.00
Home | Contact Us | About Us | Payment Info | Shipping Info | N2O Cream Chargers | DispensersGift Combos | CO2 Seltzer Chargers | Seltzer Siphons | Whippits | Account Login |
Create Account
Nitrous Chargers All Nitrous Brands Purewhip Chargers iSi Chargers Special Sale Items Case Packages Wholesale Chargers Cream Dispensers All Dispensers Combo Packages iSi Dispensers Mosa Dispensers WhipRite Dispensers Home Use Whippers Commercial Dispensers NitroBrew Coffee Nitrowhip Dispenser Nitrogen Chargers CO2 Chargers All CO2 Soda Chargers Kayser CO2 iSi CO2 Soda Siphons All Soda Siphons Soda Stream System? Parts & Accessories All Parts iSi Dispenser Parts Mosa Dispenser Parts NitroKit Tool iSi Injector Tips iSi Stainless Funnel Other Stuff The Creamright Blog T-Shirts & Apparel Videos & Instructions Gift Ideas Customer Service FAQ Contact Us Shipping Express Delivery Payment Info About Us Returns Privacy
Privacy Policy At Creamright.com and Waterline Marketing Corporation, we are committed to respecting your online privacy and recognize your need for appropriate protection and management of any personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") you share with us. Creamright.com will never sell, provide, or share your personal information with any person or third party company. Some of our web pages may utilize "cookies" and other tracking technologies. A "cookie" is a small text file that may be used, for example, to collect information about web site activity. Some cookies and other technologies may serve to recall Personal Information previously indicated by a Web user. Most browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them. You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser, but please note that if you choose to erase or block your cookies, you will need to re-enter your original user ID and password to gain access to certain parts of the Web site. Tracking technologies may record information such as Internet domain and host names; Internet protocol (IP) addresses; browser software and operating system types; clickstream patterns; and dates and times that our site is accessed. Our use of cookies and other tracking technologies allows us to improve our Web site and your Web experience. We may also analyze information that does not contain Personal Information for trends and statistics. If you choose to submit an online order with us, you may periodically receive a newsletter via e-mail that includes current sales and discounts. You may easily "unsubscribe" from our newsletter by following an "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the e-mail. We detest the huge amount of spam internet users confront and do not want to be a part of the problem. Please do not hesitate to contact us if there are any questions concerning our privacy policy or the use of you personal information.
Privacy Policy | Whip Cream Express | Seltzer Chargers | Switch to Mobile
Creamright.com | PO Box 56 | Marco Island, FL 34146 | Tel: 239-394-5757© 2001-2020 Creamright.com All Rights Reserved.