http://www.eventbookings.com/privacy-policy
Here is EventBookings Pty Ltd, protecting your privacy and treating your personal information with care is of paramount importance to us. This Privacy Policy explains why we collect personal information and how we collect, use, disclose, store and protect your personal information. It also explains how you use my account or contact us to correct, update or delete any personal information provided to us, or make a complaint if you have concerns. We are compliant with the Australian Privacy Principles (“APPs”) which regulate how we collect, use, disclose, store and protect your personal information.
Which entities does this privacy policy cover?
This Privacy Policy applies to EVENTBOOKINGS Pty Ltd (Australian Company Number 29 620 013 569) and all of its related entities in Australia (referred to in this document as “we”, “us” or “our”).
What is personal information?
Personal information as defined by http://www.alrc.gov.au is information or an opinion (including information or an opinion forming part of a database), whether true or not, and whether recorded in a material form or not, about an individual whose identity is apparent, or can reasonably be ascertained, from the information or opinion.
What personal information do we collect?
We may collect personal information including your name, gender, date of birth, address, telephone number, mobile number and email. We do not retain your financial information or credit card numbers used to purchase products or services. We will not email requesting financial information, as this does not comply with our privacy policy. If you receive a request to provide sensitive personal information (such as credit card details) in an email, do not provide this information because the request may be fraudulent. You can help us identify attempts at fraud- if anything suspicious occurs, please contact us.
Why do we collect your personal information?
We may collect your personal information when required by law but generally we collect personal information from you (or about you) to allow us to: supply you with tailored service offerings that may benefit you, communicate more effectively with you, ensure your experience with us is a positive one and notify you about our new service offerings, discounts, promotions or upcoming events. Personal information collected or received by us will only be used for the stated purpose for which it was provided.
When and how do we collect your personal information?
We collect most personal information directly from you when you consent to communications from us. Your consent may be express (e.g. you agree to the use of your information by ticking a box) or implied by an action you take or do not take (i.e. because you have agreed to terms and conditions that contain information about the use or disclosure of your information). You provide us your information when you purchase (or enquire to purchase) products or services from us, you ask to find out more about our products or services, you apply to work with us, you participate in our competitions, you make a refund, return or other claim, you use our website(s) or other applications, you deal with us on the phone, you write to us, or when you visit our office or use our services at an event.
We may also collect information about how you use our website(s) or applications to help us better serve you. For example, we may do this when you click on a link from our website(s). This information is derived from cookies that identify the computer you used to access our website(s) or applications, and the cookies collect your server address; your top level domain name (for example .com, .gov, .au, .net, .edu, etc); the time and date of your visit to the website; the pages and documents you have accessed or viewed and the type of browser you are using. When we use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect your personal and non-personally identifiable information we are collecting this information to better understand your browsing and purchasing behaviour; analyse and track website usage data; determine the popularity of certain content; deliver advertising and content targeted to your interest on our website; better understand your online activity; improve our website and your online experience; count the number of visits; and for other legitimate internal business.
What if you don’t want us to collect your personal information?
You are not obligated to provide us with your personal information. You may choose whether you purchase our products or services or receive communications from us. Whilst it is your choice not to provide your personal information to us this may impede our ability to provide you with our services or products. When you directly visit our website, use a search engine or click a link you can set your web browser to remove or reject cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. If you wish to opt-out of having your web browsing information used for re-marketing, traffic, demographics and interest reporting purposes, you must download and install Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on . Removing or rejecting cookies may impact the availability and functionality of our website and updates to your web browser may affect the functionality of the Google Analytics Opt-out add-on.
What if you don’t want to receive any further communications from us?
Should you wish to remove yourself from our contact database you may do so at any time by contacting us via the contact details below.
When do we disclose your personal information?
Your personal information will not be used contrary to this Privacy Policy but may be
disclosed to third parties:
for the purpose it was collected
if we sell all or part of our business(es) and the buyer also requires your personal information;
to enforce our legal rights or those of others;
to prevent actual or potential fraud or illegal activity;
if we are required to do so by law.
If personal information is disclosed to a third party, we are required to take reasonable steps to ensure your personal information is treated in accordance with the APPs. Several of our IT vendors are located overseas and in the safest way possible and in-keeping with this policy your information may be confidentially shared with trusted partners in India and the USA.
How can i access, correct, update and/or delete personal information you have collected?
At any time you may contact us and request your personal information be modified or deleted. We will make all efforts to correct data once we have proved your identity. If your personal information is incorrect or you wish us to delete it, contact us to update or delete it.
How do we store and protect your personal information?
For us to provide excellent service we are required to store some personal information and take the greatest of care to ensure this information is treated as private and confidential. Transmitting personal data via the internet does have inherent risks associated with it. However, we will take all reasonable steps to ensure the security of this data. Our website(s) are protected by security certificates and are built considering all modern security standards where possible. We will take reasonable steps to maintain the integrity and security of any personal information we have stored, including taking reasonable steps to prevent interference and loss, misuse, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure of such personal information. It is important that you protect your privacy by ensuring that no one obtains your personal information and you must contact us either directly or via our website if your details change. If you do not wish to use the internet to transmit personal information you can contact us. Should your information be erroneously provided to us or no longer remain valid within the constraints of this privacy policy we will securely destroy or de-identify it as soon as practicable, as long as it is lawful to do so.
Should you wish to enquire regarding our security policies and practices
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or if you have a complaint, please contact us with your concerns and we will endeavour to respond to your request within 30 days.
Phone: +61 3 8780 4555 (from within Australia)
Email: contact@eventbookings.com (attn: Security officer)
×
Account Login
.eventbookings.com
GO TO YOUR SITE
No organisation found
Forgot your site's address?
Don’t have EventBookings account? Sign Up For Free
×
Retrieve Your Site’s Address
BackSubmit
No organisation found
×
×
Privacy Policy
Please enter your active email address to download this free eBook.
Download