https://www.newcastlepermanent.com.au/privacy-policy
Skip to content
This site uses cookies to shape your online experience. Read more
Dismiss
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Purpose and scope
Newcastle Permanent Building Society Limited (ACN 087 651 992) AFSL
and Australian Credit Licence 238273 and its related body corporates (‘we’,
‘our’, ‘us’) are bound by the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Privacy Act), including
the Privacy (Credit Reporting) Code 2014 (CR Code). This Policy applies
to the personal information of both our current and former customers,
individuals we may deal with such as guarantors, directors and shareholders
of our customers and other individuals we may deal with as part of our
business. This Privacy Policy outlines:
how we deal with your Personal Information;
how you may access and seek correction of that Personal
Information;
and
how you may complain about a breach of the Australian Privacy
Principles.
This policy applies to all Personal Information collected, held used or disclosed by us.
Download the PDF
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We are constantly reviewing all of our policies and attempt to keep up to date with market expectations. Technology is constantly changing, as is the law and market place practices.
As a consequence we may change this Privacy Policy from time to time or as the need arises.
This Privacy Policy was updated on 16 October 2020.
You may request to have this Privacy Policy provided to you in an alternative form.
Get in touch
Tab Navigation
Call 13 19 87
Make an enquiry
Find a local branch
Call 13 19 87
Make an enquiry
Find a local branch
Find a local branch or ATM
You may notice a few hygiene and social distancing changes in our branches to protect customers and our people. If you are feeling unwell, please bank from home using the app, internet banking or call our local call centre team.
With many customers now choosing contactless ways of banking, you will find these branches open on a Saturday morning: Waratah, Wallsend, Greenhills, Charlestown Square, Raymond Terrace, Glendale, Kotara, Mount Hutton, Swansea, Erina, and Tuggerah.
Address
Proximity (km)
5km
10km
25km
50km
100km
100km+
Search for
ATM
Branch
Home Loan Specialist
View results as:
Map
List
Locate now
View map