http://www.easyclosets.com/help/faq
Spaces
Closet
Pantry
Laundry
More Spaces
Garage
Gallery
Product Features
Why Easyclosets?
Tips & Ideas
Installation
Get A Free Design Plan
or call 1.800.910.0129
Help
SHIPPING INFORMATION
WARRANTY
POLICIES
FAQ
INSTALLATION
CONTACT US
Frequently Asked Questions
Design
How do I design my space?
We offer two ways to design your space -  using our design tool or by requesting free design service from our professional design team.
Need help designing your space? Master the art of designing with the EasyClosets Help Hub. Our library of video tutorials and quick tips will have you maximizing your space in no time!
Does your closet system stand on the floor or hang on the wall?
Our wall hung closet systems hang from the wall from a steel rail that is secured to your house’s framing. When properly designed and installed, our system can hold up to 1200 lbs (please notify your designer if you plan to hang anything other than clothes in your closet). Because it is attached to the wall, it allows for additional floor storage and makes it easy to vacuum your closet. Unlike floor mounted closet systems, our closet organizers do not require you to cut around or alter the moldings in your closet. And because it's off the floor, there's no need for you to shim to compensate for sloping floors or irregular walls in your closet.
Why is the top shelf at 84 inches?
Our closet systems use a standard top shelf height of 84 inches or 7 feet. This is based on a typical ceiling height of 96 inches or 8 feet and leaves a foot of usable shelf space the full length of the top shelf in your closet. The usable height for our standard hanging sections is based on this 84 inch height, (double hang is 40” top and bottom, tall hang is 65”, medium hang is 50 to 55” and short hang is 40”) and work well for people up to the height of 6 feet. If you are taller than this, the design for your closet organizer can certainly be customized in our design tool to accommodate your height or unique ceiling height. You may also give our design team a call during business hours at 1-800-910-0129, option 3 and they can access your saved design to assist you with top shelf height adjustments.
Do you offer floor mounted closet systems?
Yes we do give our customers the option of choosing floor mounted units for their closet organization. Our advanced closet design tool will always start as a wall hung system, but also gives you the option to select floor mounted units. Please go to Step 3 Design Units and select Unit Type then Floor Mounted Units to make this change when designing your closet. Floor mounted closet systems will require the removal of base trim for installation and the standard top shelf height will increase 2.75 inches. You may also give our design team a call during business hours at 1-800-910-0129, option 3 for assistance.
What are the closets made of? Are they strong?
Our closet organizers are made of high quality ¾" furniture-grade composite board. The surface is a thermally fused laminate that is baked on and not just glued. The wall-mounted systems hang on a durable steel rail that you secure to your house’s framing. An 8-foot section can hold up to 1,200 pounds when properly designed, installed and with the weight evenly distributed across all inter-sections (please notify your designer if you plan to hang or store anything other than clothing in your closet). See our product specifications and Lifetime Limited Warranty details.
How much does an average closet cost?
Because our closet system is customized and we offer so many colors, finishes and design options tailored to your needs, we are not able to quote average pricing. We are not a franchise, so we pay no franchise fees or royalties. Remember that all our prices include free shipping, our closet organizers are guaranteed and our customer service is available to you before, during and after your purchase.
How deep are your units?
Our standard closet units are 14" Deep. This is the closet industry standard. In certain situations, we can modify the depth of our units. Please call to request this special service.
I've seen some islands on your website. How do I order one for my closet?
Because islands are so popular in large walk in closets, we have incorporated the ability to add islands in our advanced online walk-in closet design tool. We are also happy to assist customers with island designs for their closet systems through our Free Personal Design Service. Our islands typically measure anywhere from 30-96" Long x 30 to 40" Deep x 30-48" High.
Can you supply me with doors for my closet?
Yes and No. We can supply you with beautiful custom sized doors in several styles to be mounted to the front of your closet organizers. (Important note: should you choose one of our door styles with a glass center panel, we DO NOT provide the glass center. You would need to source glass in the correct size locally.) We also do not sell traditional, sliding or bifold closet doors to go over the opening to your closet. We recommend you obtain those types of doors locally as well. Please call our design team at 1-800-910-0129, option 3 during business hours should you have any questions.
Are your closet systems adjustable? Can I change my design down the road if I need to?
Absolutely! Regular shelves sit on pins and are easily adjusted. Our locking cam shelves and hanging rods are adjusted up or down easily with a screwdriver. Changing the width of sections in your closet will require the purchase of new shelves. If you want to ensure adjustability for your design before purchasing, or think you may want to add drawers or baskets to your closet organizer at a future point, it is a good idea to give our design team a call at 1-800-910-0129, option 3 during business hours before you buy so they may review your design with this in mind. If you have purchased your closets already, and want to make a change, please give our Customer Service Team a call at 1-800-218-2492 during business hours and they will assist you.
Ordering
How do I place an order for my closet?
Once you have a design you can order your closet organizer online or over the phone by calling our design team at 1.800.910.0129, option 3 during business hours.
What happens when I submit my order?
EasyClosets uses state-of-the-art manufacturing equipment and has one of the fastest turnarounds in the industry. Once your order is submitted, it will proceed immediately to manufacturing. As of this writing (July 2020), shipping times vary and we suggest you consult with one of our design consultants at 800.910.0129 to verify an estimated ship date (some restrictions such as inclement weather and acts of God may apply). Your project will ship via UPS or a freight carrier with design plans, instructions, and all of the hardware needed to make installation simple for you.
I've designed a closet that I really like but I would like to purchase it with a few modifications. Can I do that?
No Problem, just give our design team a call at 1.800.910.0129, option 3 during business hours and we'll assist you with modifications to fit your needs. We can add or delete components for you and change dimensions for you. Our designers will help ensure you end up with the design that satisfies your closet organization needs and that best utilizes your available space.
I would like to purchase a closet but I don't need it right away. Can I order it for a scheduled shipment date?
Yes, please call if you would like us to ship your closet organizer on a scheduled ship date.
Can I order individual components?
If you've purchased your closet systems from us, we're happy to sell individual components to you to change or modify that closet. Please have any information relating to your original order available when you call.
Am I able to cancel my order after submitting it?
Unfortunately no. Due to our fast turnaround, once your order is submitted it will proceed immediately to manufacturing and will ship as soon as possible. If you have doubts or reservations about your dimensions, or color choice, please take the time to review those elements before you place your order. One of our professional designers will be happy to help before the purchasing process. Our design department can be reached at 800.910.0129. Post-sale, please call our customer service department with any questions you may have, 800.910.0129.
Additional Parts
Should you decide you want to modify an organization system purchased from our company, (ie. shelves, closet rods, drawers, baskets or hardware), just call our team at 1.800.218.2492 during business hours. We can verify your previous order with your name, invoice number or email address and gladly assist you with your parts order!
If I order my organization system today, when will I get it?
Shipping times vary depending on a variety of factors. As of this writing (July 2020), we suggest you consult with one of our design consultants at 800.910.0129. Depending on their size, orders ship via standard ground service by UPS or a freight carrier. For more information, refer to the Shipping Information page.
Shipping
Remember that EasyClosets orders over $400 includes free shipping within the contiguous U.S. on qualifying orders. See our Shipping Information page for details.
Installation
Once installed, how do I clean the closet material?
You can clean your closet system by wiping with a damp cloth. Citrus-based, spray adhesive cleaners also work well.
Do I have to attach anything to the side walls of my closet with your system?
No, our closet organizers are attached to the wall behind the unit using our patented rail system. See Installation info for more details.
What skills and tools are necessary to install your closets?
Installing our closet systems requires a basic proficiency with home improvement projects. The typical installation requires the use of a tape measure, drill, screwdriver, hacksaw and level. To see the basic steps involved for an installation, click here.
Is there any cutting involved as part of the installation?
When you receive your closet organizer, the only thing that will require cutting would be the rail, (the first step of your installation) and the rail cover, (the last step of your installation). Both are cut easily with your hacksaw. We cut all of the shelving and hanging rods for your closets to the sizes in the designs you order. If you order crown molding, as noted on our site, you are required to cut it for installation using a miter saw following our instructions.
How do I install my Closet?
We provide you with complete instructions on how to install your closet organizer using our patented rail system. For a sample of these instructions, Click Here.
I have concrete walls - metal studs in my closet where I would like to install one of your units. Is that possible?
Our closet systems can be mounted to concrete walls similar to the method used for regular sheetrock walls. The only difference is that we require the use of blue Tapcon masonry screws instead of the regular black rail screws that are used with sheetrock. Likewise, if you have metal studs, you will use the toggle bolts we supply with your order. Please specify that your closet organizer will be mounted to concrete or metal studs during the design process by selecting Step 4: Colors and Options then Wall Type and then Concrete Walls or Steel Studs. You may also specify this in the "Special Notes" section of the checkout screen when checking out or by calling our design team at 1.800.910.0129, #3 during business hours prior to ordering for assistance.
Are your closet systems adjustable? Can I modify my design during installation or down the road if I need to?
Absolutely! Hanging, shoe units and shelving sections are adjustable up or down in 1.25 inch increments. Regular shelves sit on pins and are easily adjusted. Our locking cam shelves and hanging rods are adjusted up or down easily with a screwdriver. Changing the width of sections in your closet will require the purchase of new shelves. If you want to ensure adjustability for your design before purchasing, or think you may want to add drawers or baskets to your closet organizer at a future point, it is a good idea to give our design team a call at 1.800.910.0129, option 3 during business hours before you buy so they may review your design with this in mind. If you have purchased your closets already, and want to make a change, please give our Customer Service Team a call at 1.800.218.2492 during business hours and they will assist you.
Policies and Procedures
Do you have special programs for professionals in the home-improvement industry?
We do have a program that is set up for qualified builders or contractors that plan to use our closets in upcoming projects or qualified home professionals that would like to design and install our closet organizers as part of a successful business. For more information refer to our page summarizing our trade program.
Do you have a Warranty?
Yes. We offer a Limited Lifetime Warranty on materials and workmanship.
Additional Parts Policy
Should you decide you want to modify an organization system purchased from our company, (ie: shelves, closet rods, drawers, baskets or hardware), just call our team at 1-800-218-2492 during business hours. We can verify your previous order with your name, invoice number or email address and gladly assist you with your parts order.
Do you have a return policy?
We accept returns of unused materials within 30 days of purchase. Return shipping costs are the customer’s responsibility. For our complete return policy, please refer to our policies.
There were missing or damaged parts in my shipment. Will you ship me replacement parts?
EasyClosets will replace any damaged or missing elements of your project, but only within 90 days from date of delivery with no cost to you. Beyond that 90-day limit the customer is responsible for all replacement and shipping charges. Our goal is customer satisfaction, and we understand how unforeseeable circumstances may delay your installation. All we ask is that you PLEASE reach out to us within those 90 days with any concerns over missing or damaged parts. We will do all in our power to rectify the issue. Thank you.
What is your privacy policy?
Our Privacy Policy tells you how EasyClosets collects, uses, and protects information about you. Please click here to see our Privacy Policy.
Choose Your Space & Get a Free Design
Closet
Pantry
Laundry
Garage
Other Space
Get Free Design
By using our site, you consent to the use of cookies to enhance and customize content. For details about the information we collect and how we use it, please view our privacy policy.
OK
×
SEND PROPOSAL TO
ORDER_EMAIL
Sending a proposal to this homeowner will allow them to view and edit the designs in their
EasyClosets account. Any additional recipients will be given "Read Only" access to the designs included in this proposal.
SEND
or
Send to Multiple People
PROPOSAL SENT SUCCESSFULLY
Proposal #
ORDER_ID
sent to
ORDER_EMAIL
OK
×
Ready to start designing?
If you want to save your project and request a free design review, you will need to create an account.
FIRST NAME:
*EMAIL ADDRESS:
PHONE NUMBER:
Talk with a designer about your project to receive a personalized design. The design process is interactive, fun, and free.
*CREATE PASSWORD:
You can skip the signup for now, and get an instant price estimate.
CREATE ACCOUNT
Loading...
SKIP FOR NOW
Already have an account?
LOGIN