http://www.aerocom-usa.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Aerocom Systems
Contact Us
24/7 Support: 800-741-5096
Sales: 800-231-4156
USA & CANADA
AboutSystem LocationsEventsTestimonialsHow Pneumatic Tubes WorkCOVID-19IndustriesCasinoCommercial»RetailDispensariesLogisticsWarehousing/DistributionEntertainment»TheatersGovernment»Municipal BuildingsIndustrial»ManufacturingFoundriesSystemsAC2UAC660AC3000AC24MSystem LocationsProductsCarriers»Leak Resistant End Opening Carrier 4"Leak Resistant End Opening Carrier 6"Stations»Titan Pass-Thru StationOES StationMulti-Load StationEWS StationRail StationComponents»DivertersSingle Phase BlowerThree Phase BlowerLinear CouplerServiceContact Us
Menu
home / privacy policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs your use of the websites located at www.aerocom.com and www.aerocom.ca, which are made available by Aerocom Systems, Inc., and its affiliates and subsidiaries (“Aerocom” or “we” or “us” or “our”). This Privacy Policy describes our privacy practices with regard to information that we gather and collect via www.aerocom.com, www.aerocom.ca and any other website offered by Aerocom, which references or links to this Privacy Policy (each a “Site” and together the “Sites”), and which may include our Sites entered via tabs or portals accessible via LinkedIn® or other social sharing sites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to personal information collected offline and does not alter the terms of any other agreement that you may have with us or our subsidiaries or affiliates.  Through your use or access of the Sites, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy, as they may be amended from time to time. Please review the terms of this Privacy Policy and also review the Terms of Use, which govern your use of the Sites.
1.     Personal Information We Collect and How We Use It.  “Personal information” means information that may identify you as an individual or allow online contact with you.  We may collect personal information from you at various places and through various mechanisms on the Sites.  This may include, for example, when you fill out and submit a request, question or comment to a Site using a form or an e-mail address, when you register for e-mail communications, or when you create an account with the Site.  We may collect and use your personal information for a variety of business purposes, including to: (1) provide the products, services and information that you request; (2) to communicate with you regarding such products, services and information; (3) to do all things necessary to administer our products, services and the Sites, and manage, protect and improve them; (4) to respond to your questions or other requests; (5) contact you regarding the Sites; (6) to process any request related to an account; and (7) to fulfill other purposes disclosed at the time you provide your personal information.  We may also use personal information to customize content most relevant to your interests and notify you about important news concerning Aerocom.  Traffic data (discussed in more detail below) may be used for a number of purposes, such as system administration, to diagnose problems with the Sites, to enhance the performance and usefulness of the Sites, to improve our Sites and services, and/or to audit use of the Sites.
2.     Information We Receive From Third Parties. We may also receive information about you (including personal information) from third parties. For example, if you are on another website and you opt-in to receive information from us, that website will forward to us your e-mail address and other information about you so that we may contact you as requested. You may also choose to participate in a third party application or feature (such as one of our pages on LinkedIn® or another social platform or website) through which you allow us to collect (or the third party to share) information about you, including personal information.  In addition, we may receive information about you if other users of a third party website give us access to their profiles and you are one of their “connections” or information about you is otherwise accessible through your “connections” web page, profile page, or similar page on a social networking or other third party website or interactive service.
3.     Other Information We Collect (Traffic Data). When you visit or interact with any of the Sites, we or our service providers may use assorted technologies that automatically or passively collect information about how the Sites are accessed and used. We refer to this information as traffic data. Traffic data may include, but is not limited to, browser type, device type used to access the Sites (i.e., computer or mobile device), unique number assigned to identify such device, operating system, application version, click path taken through the Sites, websites visited before or after our Sites, use of features or applications on the Sites, and other publicly available information. This information helps us improve our Sites and marketing. Traffic data is generally non-identifying, but if we associate it with you as an identifiable person, we will treat it as personal information. Technologies we use on our Sites to collect traffic data, include but are not limited to: mobile analytics software, cookies (data files placed on your computer or other devices used to access a website), and pixel tags (transparent graphic image, sometimes called a web beacon or tracking beacon, placed on a web page or in an e-mail, which indicates that a page or e-mail has been viewed). We, or our service providers, may also place cookies or similar files on your computer or other devices used to access the Sites for security purposes, to facilitate Site navigation and to personalize your experience while visiting the Sites. A pixel tag may tell your browser to get content from another server. If you set your browser to disable or opt out of receiving cookies, please be aware that some features and services on our Sites may not work as intended.
4.     Offline Collection of Information.  We may also collect personal information from you through means other than the Sites. This may include offline collection, such as when you attend a certification course or presentation offered by us or if you provide personal information to us at a trade show or other event. It may also include e-mails that you send to us separate from the Sites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to personal information that you provide to us through means other than the Sites.  However, if we combine the personal information we collect from you outside of the Sites with Personal Information that we collect through the Sites, we will apply this Privacy Policy to the combined information, unless specifically disclosed otherwise.
5.     Do Not Track Requests; Third-Party Tracking. Unless your browser settings are configured to make your online activities and publicly available information about your online activities (such as traffic data described above under “Other Information We Collect”) invisible to usage analytics tools, we do not presently have the capability to omit you from our analytics to the extent your browser only sends us a “do not track” message and does not otherwise screen you from tracking without action on our part. While we, or service providers on our behalf, may track the websites you visited before and after our Sites as part of the traffic data described above for our internal business purposes, we do not authorize other third parties (e.g., advertisers) to do so, but it is nonetheless possible that third parties may do so for their own purposes with respect to which we may have no knowledge or control.
6.     Information We Share with Third Parties. We do not sell your personal information to third parties to enable them to market to you. We may use third party partners, affiliates, subsidiaries and service providers to help operate the Sites, to provide the products, services and information that you request, to communicate with you about them, to do all things necessary to administer our products, services and websites, and  manage, protect and improve them. We may disclose your information to third parties to protect the security and integrity of our Sites, to correct technical problems and malfunctions on our Sites, to technically process your information, or to take precautions against liability. We may share information we have about you with such third parties for such purposes. These third parties are not authorized by us to use any of your personal information except as needed for such purposes.
We reserve the right to disclose and transfer any information we have about you in connection with a sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of assets, reorganization or liquidation of our business. We reserve the right to disclose any information as needed if that information is requested by law enforcement agencies or if we are required to do so by applicable law, treaty, regulation, subpoena, court order, or by a government entity. We also may disclose your personal information to third parties if we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to conduct investigations of possible breaches of law, to cooperate in any legal investigation, or to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Terms of Use or any other agreement with us.
If you access our Sites using a mobile device, your request will be transmitted via your mobile carrier’s network and your carrier may have access to it. Consult your carrier’s privacy policy for additional information.
7.     Use of Public Areas, Social Media. If you respond through a social sharing feature or public interactive area on our Sites, you should be aware that any personal and other information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of the Sites. We are not responsible for the information you choose to make public in such manner. You are encouraged to exercise caution when posting personal information about yourself in public areas. You are responsible for using all public forums, including any of our Sites accessed through a third-party social networking platform like LinkedIn, in a manner consistent with the privacy policy and other terms and conditions applicable to such platform.
8.     Data Security. We strive to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, loss, misuse or alteration by using physical, electronic or procedural security measures appropriate to the sensitivity of the information in our control. Although guaranteed security does not exist on the Internet or offline, we make commercially reasonable efforts to handle such information consistent with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws.
9.     Changes to Your Personal Information. If you need to correct, update, or delete/deactivate your personal information, please contact us at any time by sending an e-mail to sales@aerocomusa.com or by writing to 4052 Thurmon Tanner Pkwy, Flowery Branch, GA 30542.  If you receive any online newsletter or similar promotional e-mail communication from us, you will be given the option to “unsubscribe” from receiving further e-mail communications from us at any time.  Your option not to receive promotional and marketing material will not preclude us from corresponding with you, by e-mail or otherwise, regarding your existing or past business relationships with us (e.g., responses to requests you pose to us either through use of the Sites or by other means), and will not preclude us from accessing and viewing your personal information in the course of maintaining and improving our Sites and our services.
10.    Links.  Our Sites may link to third-party websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of any third-party websites you visit.
11.     Children. The Sites are not intended for use by children in the United States under the age of 18, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from such children. If we learn that we have collected the personal information of such a child we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible. Children under the age of majority in any non-U.S. jurisdiction should not provide any personal information without their parent’s consent.
12.     Notice to Non-U.S. Residents. Aerocom is based in the United States. Personal information may be accessed by us or transferred to us in the United States or to our affiliates, subsidiaries and service providers elsewhere in the world. If you are located outside of the United States, be advised that your information will be transferred to and used in the United States and that, by submitting personal information to us, you explicitly authorize its transfer to and use in the United States. We will protect the privacy and security of personal information according to this Privacy Policy regardless of where it is processed or stored.
13.     Your California Privacy Rights.  Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, residents of California have the right to request from a business, with whom the California resident has an established business relationship, what types of personal information the business shares with third parties for direct marketing purposes by such third party and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information in the immediately preceding calendar year. To access this information, please contact us by e-mail at sales@aerocomusa.com or mail at: 4052 Thurmon Tanner Pkwy, Flowery Branch, GA 30542, Attn: Ron Miller.
14.     Changes to Privacy Policy.  We reserve the right to change or replace this Privacy Policy at our sole discretion at any time. In the event our Privacy Policy should materially change, we will generally notify our users by posting a notice of such change in a separate section of this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of our Sites following the posting of changes to our Privacy Policy means you accept those changes.
15.     Contact Us. If you have any questions or comments about our Privacy Policy, please contact us by e-mail at sales@aerocomusa.com or by writing to: 4052 Thurmon Tanner Pkwy, Flowery Branch, GA 30542.
Contact Us
If you can read this message, your browser does not support iFrames. Please modify your browser options to support iFrames.
About Us
Events
World-Wide Agencies
Contact Us
Parts & Accessories
Sitemap
Aerocom Systems, Inc.
Aerocom USA
4052 Thurmon Tanner Parkway
Flowery Branch, GA 30542
Toll Free: 800-231-4156
Aerocom CANADA
8888 Keele Street, Unit 20
Vaughan, Ontario Canada L4K 2N2
Privacy Policy|
Terms & Conditions
AEROCOM is a registered trademark of Aerocom Systems, Inc.
© 2020 Aerocom Systems.
Website by: Full Media
(CS)
LinkedIn