https://www.rochestercolonial.com/privacy-policy
Home  ›  Privacy PolicyAt Rochester Colonial, we respect the privacy of our customers and visitors. We will make every effort to ensure that our website complies with strict standards for online privacy, security, business practices, transaction integrity and availability. If you have any specific questions about Rochester Colonial’s Privacy Statement, please contact us.
Rochester Colonial requests certain information that is needed to personally identify you ("Account Information"). Your personal information is used to create your personal access to products on the site, and to contact you in the course of using the products. Financial information that is collected is used to verify your identity, and to bill you (or your company) for products. Demographic and profile data collected by Rochester Colonial may be used to improve the Website, administer requested email communications, and to display information that is more relevant to you. Rochester Colonial also compiles information pertaining to demographics and product use, but in the aggregate only. Rochester Colonial will not make any personal information about an individual user available to anyone under any circumstances.
Rochester Colonial will never share your personal information with a third party without your permission except in instances where such disclosure is necessary to process payment transactions or provide services that you have requested. Rochester Colonial will not provide more information than is necessary to perform the transaction you have requested. We do not release personal information about you as an individual. The only exception is if Rochester Colonial is compelled to do so by an appropriately empowered governmental authority.
Your email address is used only to send you information that you have requested. As part of your Rochester Colonial patronage, Rochester Colonial allows you the option to receive, or not receive, certain communications from us. Rochester Colonial adheres strictly to permission-based email policy. Rochester Colonial will not sell, rent, or loan our contact lists or our customer's contact lists (including customer data) to any outside parties. All emails that you have requested will have an option to unsubscribe. Unsubscribe requests are fulfilled immediately and no further communications will be sent to users who have stated that they do not wish to receive the specified information.
While IP addresses (address of a computer) are logged to track a user's session, the user's identity is anonymous. Tracking IP addresses gives Rochester Colonial information about which parts of our site are used most often and what information is viewed.
Rochester Colonial will not sell, rent, loan or allow external access to a customer's contact lists.
Rochester Colonial intends to take reasonable precautions to abide by this Privacy Policy. However, in the event that Rochester Colonial does not comply with all terms contained in this Privacy Policy, you agree by using this site and by submitting information to this Site, that your sole and exclusive remedy against Rochester Colonial will be to request that Rochester Colonial promptly corrects the handling of your information in the future to accord with this Privacy Policy, and to notify anyone to whom Rochester Colonial directly transferred any information of the correct information or to cease using such information.
As our website continues to evolve, this policy may change. Therefore, we encourage you to refer to this policy on an ongoing basis so that you understand our current privacy policy. This policy was most recently updated January 2018.
If, at any time, you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please feel free contact us with "Privacy Concerns" in the subject line.
Contact UsHomeFaqBlogShowroomsRequest ServiceProductsGalleryAbout UsWhy We Are The ExpertsHistoryAwards/RecognitionCommunityFamilyTestimonialsServicesEmployment