http://www.introworks.net/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Tools & Resources
News & Insights
Our Work
Blog
Connect
Privacy Policy
This policy describes the privacy practices for our website. By visiting our website, you agree to allow us to collect and use the information described below for the purposes and in the manner described below. We have the right to change this policy and your continued use of the site will constitute consent to the change.
We do not collect personal or corporate email addresses, or any personally identifiable information on visitors to our site, without your permission. We do not use our site for any commercial transactions. We may collect operational information, including through reliance on “cookies,” such as the pages you access or visit, your IP address, your domain name, the last URL you visited before clicking to our site, and your browser, device and platform type (e.g., a Chrome browser on a Macintosh computer). This information may be used to measure usage, number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed, etc., and to improve the content of our site. None of the foregoing would allow us or a third party to identify you or contact you. It is used or internal review only. We will not sell, disclose, trade, share or rent any personally identifiable information to any third party not specifically authorized by you to receive your information except as we have disclosed in this Privacy Policy.
Our website uses links that allow visitors to contact us via email or web forms for a variety of purposes. We cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any data you submit to us. Except for human resources information, we shall treat any data or information transmitted to us through this site as non-confidential and non-proprietary. We may elect to save such information, share it with third parties, or discard it entirely. However, we will use reasonable efforts to treat as confidential any emails, resumes, applications or inquiries sent to us for purpose of inquiring into potential employment with us. Any email, resume or submission you send to us will be used only for internal purposes. Please be aware that submission of your resume or application may not be considered and we are under no obligation to respond to such solicitations. We are an equal opportunity employer.
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over the other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by our privacy policy.
© 2018, Introworks. All rights reserved.
See Introworks' work
See Case Studies