http://www.ultimateinsurancelinks.com/privacy-policy/
Tony Steuer
Search for:
Skip to content
About Tony Steuer
Blog
Books
Awards and Reviews
Resources
Basics
Managing Your Insurance
Slidecasts
Video
How Much Do I Need?
Glossary
Media
Slidecasts
Video
Contact
Tony Steuer » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Revised March 19, 2009
Please read the following information carefully before using this site. By using this site you agree to these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
The information and services available on this Web site may include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors.
tonysteuer.com has the right to change, modify or add to the terms and conditions governing this site, or any part thereof, the information, products, or services offered through this site. Such changes, modifications, additions or deletions shall be effective immediately upon notice thereof, which may be given by any means including posting on this site or by other electronic or conventional means. You agree to review this page periodically to be aware of any such changes, modifications, additions or deletions to the terms and conditions stated herein. Your continued use of the site after such notice has been given shall be deemed to constitute acceptance of the changes, modifications, additions or deletions.
Links to other Web sites:
For purposes of convenience, tonysteuer.com contains links to third party Web sites. tonysteuer.com makes no representations or warranties about any third party Web site that you may access through the links. By providing a link to those Web sites, tonysteuer.com does not endorse, adopt, or otherwise accept any responsibility for the content or use of those Web sites.
Disclosure of privacy policy: This privacy notice is posted for informational purposes and will be updated as required by law. If you have any comments, suggestions or questions about my privacy policy, please let me know.
Copyright:
© Anthony Steuer. All rights reserved. No part of tonysteuer.com’s Web site may be reproduced, modified, or distributed in any form or manner without the prior written permission of Anthony Steuer.
Important Information on Google and the DoubleClick DART cookie:
• Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
• Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
• Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
This web site does use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Insurance Literacy Newsletter Receive "Secrets of the Life Insurance Industry Revealed" as a free download with sign up. Enter your email below.
Clarity
Tony Steuer ©2020 All Rights Reserved
| Contact Us