https://www.worth.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: August 2018
Your privacy is important to us and we undertake to respect and honor your concerns about maintaining strict privacy.
This Privacy Statement (“Privacy Statement”) applies to information collected by and from Worth Acquisition Group, LLC (“Worth Acquisition Group, LLC,” “we,” or “us”) websites, mobile websites, apps and the like (the “Worth Acquisition Group, LLC Properties”). Worth Acquisition Group, LLC is committed to protecting the privacy of its users (“Users,” or “you”). We have created the following Privacy Statement to give you an overview of the type of information we collect, how the information is used and how the information we collect is safeguarded. Information is collected from Users by Worth Acquisition Group, LLC through the use of the Worth Acquisition Group, LLC Properties. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by Worth Acquisition Group, LLC.
By visiting and/or using any of the Worth Acquisition Group, LLC Properties, you consent to the practices described in this Privacy Statement. If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should contact Worth Acquisition Group, LLC by e-mail at contact@worth.com.
1. WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED?
In order to personalize and improve your experience throughout the Worth Acquisition Group, LLC Properties, we collect information about our Users in a variety of ways. In some cases, Worth Acquisition Group, LLC asks Users directly for information in order for them to purchase products or use our services, and, in other cases, information is collected automatically as Users use the tools, features and applications provided throughout Worth Acquisition Group, LLC Properties. You may choose not to provide certain information, but then you may not be able to purchase products or take advantage of certain features and services we offer.
The following is a summary of the kinds of information we collect:
Active Collection.
Worth Acquisition Group, LLC collects certain information either voluntarily or as required in order to register with Worth Acquisition Group, LLC or use certain Worth Acquisition Group, LLC services or features. This type of information includes:
Contact information, such as name, company name, mailing address, e-mail address, phone and facsimile numbers.
Shipping or transaction information, such as billing address and financial information (credit card number and expiration date) if you choose to purchase products offered for sale on one or more of the Worth Acquisition Group, LLC Properties.
Demographic information about the User and/or the User’s company/institution.
Information you enter in forms and optional surveys or contests, such as name and e-mail address.
Information provided in connection with discussions on bulletin boards, in chat rooms, and in messaging or other interactive services.
Information provided in e-mail requests and communications.
Information from other sources. In order to personalize our services by providing better product recommendations or special offers we may think will interest you, we may request and receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information. We also sometimes receive updated delivery and address information from our shippers or other sources so that we can correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily. In addition, we may acquire User names, e-mail addresses and mailing addresses for select mailings from third parties.
If you send us correspondence, such as an email, letter or survey, we may collect such information into a file specific to you. All correspondence, either provided to us or if contained within a customer survey, is deemed the property of Worth Acquisition Group, LLC upon receipt.
In addition to the foregoing, as Worth Acquisition Group, LLC seeks to increasingly personalize its services by providing better product recommendations or special offers that may be of interest to you, Worth Acquisition Group, LLC may request and receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information/user databases. This information includes the forms of personally identifiable information listed herein. We also sometimes receive updated delivery and address information from our shippers or other sources so that we can correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily. In addition, we may acquire User names, e-mail addresses and mailing addresses for select mailings from third parties. Following any termination / cessation of your use of the Worth Acquisition Group, LLC Properties, Worth Acquisition Group, LLC may retain your information, including without limitation, your personally identifiable information.
Passive Collection
Some information is collected automatically while you are using Worth Acquisition Group, LLC Properties. It is important to note that Worth Acquisition Group, LLC stores this information to ensure its Users receive optimal service while using any of the Worth Acquisition Group, LLC Properties. This type of information includes:
Log Files: Log files information, such as IP addresses, browser type, domain names, number of page views, login frequency, page or section accesses. Log files are used to track user usage and engagement and to gauge the effectiveness of our different services. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer Worth Acquisition Group, LLC Web sites.
Cookies: Worth Acquisition Group, LLC Web sites use cookies to allow us to recognize you when you return to our site and to provide you with customized services and information. Although we do not store personal information in cookies, we do sometimes tie cookies to User member IDs, which is then used to pull personal information out of the database for identification purposes. If Users reject a cookie placed by Worth Acquisition Group, LLC, they may not be able to use some Worth Acquisition Group, LLC Web site services (e.g., purchase products or establish a User Account).
Worth Acquisition Group, LLC also uses third parties to provide services to you on behalf of Worth Acquisition Group, LLC, and in doing so they may set cookies on the site for functionality such as Live Chat and web analytic services. If you reject these cookies, you may not be permitted to use these features. Also, we use a third party to provide web analytic services which allows Worth Acquisition Group, LLC to track website usage statistics and checkout information. For additional information regarding the information made available to third parties by Worth Acquisition Group, LLC, see How Does Worth Acquisition Group, LLC Use the Information Collected provided below.
For information on how to have your browser disable cookies or provide a warning before accepting a cookie, please refer to the cookie options in your browser’s Options or Preferences menu.
Worth Acquisition Group, LLC employs a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that helps us better manage content across our sites by informing us what content is effective and when. We also use clear gifs in our HTML-based e-mails to let us know which e-mails get opened by their intended recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. In addition, clear gifs may be set by third parties to track sales resulting from Internet advertising campaigns and banner advertisements appearing on other web sites. If Users would like to opt-out of these e-mails, they should see the Opt-out section.
2. HOW DOES WORTH ACQUISITION GROUP, LLC USE THE INFORMATION COLLECTED?
Worth Acquisition Group, LLC endeavors to comply with state, local and federal laws regarding the preservation and archiving of information collected. In addition to the uses described elsewhere in this Privacy Statement, Worth Acquisition Group, LLC may use the information you provide in the following ways:
To contact you about our products and services or about your use of the Worth Acquisition Group, LLC Properties.
For marketing and promotional purposes (whether used by Worth Acquisition Group, LLC or made available to third parties for specific purposes).
For catalog mailings if you request to receive a catalog.
To respond to your comments or requests or to request feedback regarding our products or services.
For billing purposes, to facilitate transactions and to fill User orders in connection with purchases of products offered by Worth Acquisition Group, LLC.
For internal product development and quality control purposes.
For the specific purpose for which the information was provided.
Worth Acquisition Group, LLC operates globally so it may be necessary from time to time to transfer your information internationally. In particular, a User’s information will likely be transferred to and processed in the United States where many of our central databases operate. The data protection and related laws of other countries, such as the United States, may not be as comprehensive as those in your country. Please be assured that we take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected. By using the Worth Acquisition Group, LLC Properties, you consent to your information being collected, used and transferred as set forth in this Privacy Statement.
Lastly, to the extent Worth Acquisition Group, LLC is permitted to do so in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, we reserve the right to rent, sell or otherwise commercialize our Users’ data and registration information.
3. HOW DOES WORTH ACQUISITION GROUP, LLC COMMUNICATE WITH USERS?
If you have elected to provide Worth Acquisition Group, LLC with your contact information, we may provide you with product and service related announcements/information by any means from time to time, including email and SMS, concerning the Worth Acquisition Group, LLC Properties, new products/services, promotions/special offers, events, refer-a-friend, your order(s), and your customer service requests or questions. Accordingly, Worth Acquisition Group, LLC generally communicates with its Users when it believes it has information of special interest to you or which you previously requested. Please see the Choice/Opt-Out section below should you desire to cease receiving Worth Acquisition Group, LLC communications.
4. WHAT INFORMATION IS SHARED WITH THIRD PARTIES?
Information that we collect about our Users is an important aspect of our business. Worth Acquisition Group, LLC discloses information you provide to us with third parties in accordance with applicable laws and as generally described below.
We will share your information with independent contractors, service providers and other third parties that are engaged to assist us in our business or in providing Users with goods or services that we believe will be of interest to them. However we will only share such personally identifiable information, as we deem necessary for them to carry out their obligations to or on behalf of Worth Acquisition Group, LLC. Third parties are obligated to only use and/or disclose your personally identifiable information for the purpose for which Worth Acquisition Group, LLC disclosed the information to them, and no other purpose.
We share aggregated, non-personally identifiable, demographic information with independent contractors, service providers, consultants, advertisers and other partners for purposes of market research, to advance our initiatives, to establish collaborative undertakings, and more.
Worth Acquisition Group, LLC investors receive reports on the number of Users, items purchased, page views, logins, etc. They do not receive any personally identifiable information.
o In the event that Worth Acquisition Group, LLC goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, Users’ personal information generally is one of the transferred business assets. For more information, see our Notification of Changes section below.
Worth Acquisition Group, LLC will disclose personal information if necessary to fulfill our service obligations or if required to do so by law or if, in our good faith judgment, such action is reasonably necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on Worth Acquisition Group, LLC, to respond to any claims, or to protect the rights of Worth Acquisition Group, LLC, its Users and the general public.
In addition to the foregoing, Worth Acquisition Group, LLC shares data, materials and user information with its analytic providers.
5. SECURITY
The security, integrity and confidentiality of your information are extremely important to us. Worth Acquisition Group, LLC has implemented technical, administrative and physical security measures that are designed to protect User information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use and modification. Please be aware though that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
6. LINKING
Worth Acquisition Group, LLC may offer links to other Web sites. Please be aware that Worth Acquisition Group, LLC is not responsible for the privacy practices of such linked sites, including sites of our partners. We encourage our Users to be aware of this when they leave any of the Worth Acquisition
Group, LLC Properties and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information.
7. SURVEYS AND CONTESTS
From time to time, our sites request information from Users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name, email address, shipping address, etc.) and demographic information. The same contact information provided will be used to notify the winners (i.e., false information may result in Worth Acquisition Group, LLC’s inability to notify a winner accordingly). Anonymous survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of Worth Acquisition Group, LLC Web sites.
8. CHILDREN
None of the Worth Acquisition Group, LLC Properties are directed at children, and Worth Acquisition Group, LLC does not sell products or services for purchase by children. We may, however, sell children’s products for purchase by adults. If you are under the age of 18, you may use the Worth Acquisition Group, LLC Properties only with the involvement and authorization of a parent or guardian. Parents, please monitor your children’s use of the Internet.
9. CHOICE/OPT OUT
Worth Acquisition Group, LLC gives Users the ability to opt-out of receiving future communications. To opt-out of email communications, follow the “unsubscribe” links included at the bottom of email communications or send an email to contact@worth.com.
10. NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
Worth Acquisition Group, LLC reserves the right to make changes to the Privacy Statement at any time. If we plan to make significant and material changes to any of our privacy policies or practices with respect to how we use personally identifiable information, we will post those changes to www.worth.dev/privacy 30 days before they take effect so our Users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. Please review our Privacy Statement periodically to see recent changes.
11. ADDRESSING PRIVACY & SECURITY CONCERNS
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, the practices or your dealings with any Worth Acquisition Group, LLC Properties, or if you wish to receive a printed version of this Privacy Statement, please contact us:
Worth Acquisition Group, LLC
400 Broadhollow Rd
Suite 301
Melville, NY 11747
917-636-7925
12. NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by Worth Acquisition Group, LLC to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. With respect to these entities, this privacy policy applies only to their activities within the State of California. To make such a request, please send an email to contact@worth.com or write us at:
Worth Acquisition Group, LLC
400 Broadhollow Rd
Suite 301
Melville, NY 11747
917-636-7925
In your request, please specify the particular product, service and site within the Worth Acquisition Group, LLC Properties to which your request or inquiry pertains.
13. USE OF “DO NOT TRACK SIGNALS”
In order to provide you with an optimal, personalized experience, Worth Acquisition Group, LLC does not respond to pre-set web browser requests signaling a User’s request not to be tracked on the Web Site. Users may follow the opt-out instructions provided herein if they wish not to be tracked, however, Worth Acquisition Group, LLC may not be able to provide the same services and offerings within the Worth Acquisition
Group, LLC Properties without tracking.
back to top