http://www.ncmic.com/about/privacy-policy/
Close
Alabama Policyholders: Notice to policyholders recently affected by severe weather.
Close
Alaska Policyholders: Notice to policyholders recently affected by flooding.
Skip to main content
Home
/
About
/
NCMIC Group, Inc. Online Privacy Statement
Last updated: January 1, 2020
NCMIC Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates* (collectively, “NCMIC”) are committed to protecting the privacy of the personal information of our customers and users of our websites.  This Privacy Statement applies with respect to the personal information we collect through all websites operated by NCMIC and on which we post a link to this Privacy Statement.
NCMIC reserves the right to make corrections, changes, or amendments to this Privacy Statement at any time. Any such corrections, changes, or amendments will be posted on this website and will be effective when posted. The date of last update will be indicated at the top of the Privacy Statement.Your continued use of any website to which this Privacy Statement applies following the posting of any such corrections, changes, or amendments shall constitute your acceptance of any such corrections, changes, or amendments, including with respect to personal information provided to us prior to any of those corrections, changes, or amendments.  We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Statement for any changes.
I. Personal Information Collected
We collect personal information in a number of ways when you interact with us through our websites, including when you create a user account, make online payments, request information or materials, register for an online presentation, webcast or other similar event, participate in surveys, apply for employment, submit questions or comments, submit content through interactive features of a website, or participate in promotions such as sweepstakes, contests, or giveaways. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the types of personal information we may collect directly from you through your interaction with our websites may include, without limitation: information used to communicate with you, such as name, title, company name, email address, telephone number, postal address and language; information NCMIC maintains in connection with your account, such as your username, password, Social Security number, income information, credit history and insurance claim history, payment information, account balances, transaction history and other purchase records, credit and billing status and support inquiries; and information contained in your job inquiries or applications, such as resume, cover letter, age, education, professional history and contact details. We may also collect information relating to your use of our websites and responses to our emails through the use of various technologies, including your device’s IP address, browser type and language, operating system, location (including geolocation information), and date and time. Collecting information in this manner allows us to analyze the effectiveness of our websites and our marketing efforts, personalize your experience and improve our interactions with you, as explained further in this Privacy Statement, and may include, without limitation, tracking activities through IP addresses, browser settings and most-recently visited page on the websites. We may also supplement the personal information we collect from you with additional personal information we receive from third parties such as your organization and our business partners. We do this to help us improve the overall accuracy of the information and its completeness and to help us better tailor our interactions with you.
II. Use and Disclosure of Information
In general, we will primarily use the personal information we collect from you to deliver products and services to you and to enhance your experience on our websites. Additionally, we may use this information to: verify your identity when you access and use our websites and to ensure the security of your personal information, including your creation of an account associated with your personal information; fulfill your requests for things like products or services, a call back, a newsletter subscription, or specific marketing or other materials, and where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent before sending marketing messages; provide you with information about our products, services and events; provide support and customer service; and process your job application. Your personal information may be shared with affiliates that may want to contact you with offers consistent with your stated preferences. However, NCMIC does not share non-public personal information with non-affiliated third parties for any purpose other than underwriting or administration of a customer’s policy/account, or for the marketing of additional NCMIC products or services, unless the disclosure has been authorized by the customer or is permitted or required by law. We will not use your personal information in a manner that is inconsistent with the purpose of its original collection and as described in this Privacy Statement unless you have consented, and we will not sell, rent, or lease your personal information to others without your consent.
III. Use of Cookies and Other Technologies
In addition to our collection of certain information about your device as described elsewhere in this Privacy Statement, when you visit our websites we may store some information on your device, in the form of a “cookie” or similar electronic file. Cookies are small pieces of information stored on your device’s hard drive, not on our websites. We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and, optionally, to assist you in entering data when appropriate on our websites.
Additionally, we may use cookies, along with other small electronic images called web beacons, as well as device IDs, in support of advertising and marketing activities. These cookies may be referenced by other, third party websites that are part of the Google Ads display network in order to present NCMIC-sponsored advertisements.
At any time, you have the option of declining the use of cookies or deleting them from your device by configuring them in your browser or device settings. Note, however, that if you do elect to reject cookies, it may reduce the performance and functionality of our websites with respect to your interaction with them. You may also visit Google Ad settings to alter and opt out of participating in any remarketing activities by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out site at https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1.
IV. Your Rights and Your Choices; Opt-out
You may have certain rights and choices regarding the personal information we collect and maintain about you and how we communicate with you, in accordance with certain laws that may be applicable. Some of those rights may be, subject to some limitations, to: access that personal information; make corrections to that personal information; erase that personal information; restrict our use of that personal information; object to our use of that personal information; receive that personal information in a usable electronic format and transmit it to a third party; make a complaint to an applicable data protection authority; and, with respect to the immediately preceding year, request the types and categories of personal information we collect, the categories of sources from which that personal information is collected, the purposes for which that personal information is collected, the categories and identities of third parties with whom we share such personal information for direct marketing purposes by any such third party, and the specific pieces of personal information collected.
Under certain laws, you may also have the right to withdraw any consent you have given regarding certain uses of your personal information. If you wish to withdraw any consents that you previously provided to NCMIC, you may do so by calling us at 1-800-769-2000, ext. 4272 or by emailing us at privacy@ncmic.com. However, please note that your withdrawal of consents will not affect the lawfulness of any processing of that personal information based on the consent you provided prior to withdrawing that consent. Regardless of any laws that may apply, NCMIC gives you the ability to access, modify, or update some of your personal information (such as your account password, your contact information, your general preferences, and your personalization settings) at any time by either logging into your account on our website(s) or by calling a customer service representative. Please note, however, that if you change or delete any information necessary for us to assist you with support, services, or purchases, those changes may result in a delay or interruption in our processing of your requests.
You will be given an opportunity to tell us whether you would like to receive information, special offers, and promotional materials by email from us or our business partners when you create an NCMIC online account, when you register for a service, when you provide us with your personal information, or whenever we send you a marketing email. When required by applicable law, we will obtain adequate consent to provide you with these marketing materials. You also have the ability to opt out of receiving marketing emails from us, at no cost and at any time, by clicking on the relevant “opt-out” link contained in our marketing emails.
V. Security
NCMIC intends to protect your personal information, and in that regard, we have implemented appropriate physical, administrative, and technical safeguards designed to help us protect that personal information from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure. For example, in order to facilitate certain online transactions you make through our website(s), you may be asked to provide sensitive financial and personal information; in such instances and for these types of transactions, we will provide encrypted Secure Socket Layer (SSL) connectivity to your browser. We also require that our business partners and service providers protect such information from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure. Also, we have implemented industry-standard security measures on our websites designed to protect against the loss and unauthorized use or disclosure of the personal information under our control. While there is no such thing as “perfect security,” please note that we will take reasonable steps such as the above in order to protect and ensure the safety of your personal information.
It is your responsibility to safeguard the password and other login information you use to access any of our websites, and to promptly notify us if you ever suspect that your password or other login information has been compromised. We strongly encourage you to change your password regularly to prevent unauthorized access to your account. Because your user identification information, including user name and password, are specific to you, you acknowledge your sole responsibility for any and all use of our websites conducted with your user identification information.
VI. Links to Other Websites; Social Media; and Public Forums
Our websites may contain links to other websites. NCMIC does not control and is not responsible for the information collected by, the privacy and data security practices, or the content of such websites. If you have questions about the information collection procedures of any linked third party websites, please directly contact the organizations that operate those websites.
NCMIC may provide social media features through its website(s) that enable you to share information with your social networks and interact with NCMIC through various social media platforms and websites. Your use of these features may result in the collection or sharing of information about you, depending on the feature. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings of the social media platforms with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that may be collected, used, and shared by those platforms.
NCMIC’s websites may make chat rooms, forums, blogs, message boards, and/or news groups available to users of those websites. Please keep in mind that your comments, posts and any other content you provide through any of those features becomes publicly available; we strongly urge you to exercise discretion when submitting any such comments, posts, or content.
VII. Children’s Privacy
None of NCMIC’s products or services are directed to children, and NCMIC does not knowingly collect personal information from children, including those under the age of 16. If you are a parent or guardian of a minor under the age of 16 and believe that he or she has disclosed personal information to us, please contact us by calling us at 1-800-769-2000, ext. 4272 or emailing us at privacy@ncmic.com.
VIII. Customer-Only Areas of Our Websites
Your use of customer-only areas of our websites require registration and verification that you are a policyholder of, or have an account with, NCMIC. If you are an NCMIC customer but do not wish to register on our websites, you will not be able to access those areas of the website designed for customers. When accessing the customer-only portions of our websites, we will request personal information, including account numbers, to verify your identity and provide the information you requested, and we will use that information as described elsewhere in this Privacy Statement.
IX. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, our practices relating to the collection and use of personal information, or your general dealings with our websites, you can contact us by calling us at 1-800-769-2000, ext. 4272, emailing us at privacy@ncmic.com, or writing to us at NCMIC Group, Inc., Attn: Privacy Compliance, 14001 University Avenue, Clive, Iowa 50325.
If you are a California resident, please see the California Consumer Privacy Act Notice.
This website uses first party and third party cookies to improve your experience and anonymously track site visits. By visiting this website, you opt-in to the use of cookies. OK