http://www.alacardone.com/privacy-policy/
PlastekCards.com Privacy Policy
Language
English
Spanish
Portuguese
French
German
$0.00
Welcome, Guest! |
Log In | Register
Submit
Contact Us /
Toll Free: 1-888-762-2737
Plastic CardsPlastic Cards
Blank Cards
Break-Away Cards
Casino Players Cards
Discount Cards
Door Hangers
Fundraising Cards
Gift Cards
ID Badges
Key Cards/Access Control
Keychain Cards & Combos
Lock Inserts
Loyalty Cards
Luggage Tags
Membership Cards
NFC Cards
Parking Permits
Phone Cards
Plastic Business Cards
Predesigned Cards
Promotional Cards
Rewards Cards
Rolodex Cards
Shieldtek™ RFID Protection
Smart Cards
V.I.P. Cards
Other ProductsOther Products
Carriers/Holders/Sleeves
Design Services
Display Stands
Fabrek Cards™
Fulfillment
Lanyard
Magnets
Magnifying Cards
Metal Business Cards
Paper Cards
Table Tents
USB Cards
IndustriesIndustries
Casinos
Corporate
Hospitality
Member Organizations
Retail
Print OptionsPrint Options
Barcodes
Card Finishes
Card Material
Card Thickness
Die Cuts
Embossing
Encoding
Fluorescent Ink
Foil Stamping
Full Face Foil
Holograms
Magnetic Stripes
Metallic Ink
Predesigned Cards
Scratch Offs
Signature Panels
Spot UV
UV Light Ink
Variable Data
OrderingOrdering
Order Online
Get a Quote
Free Samples
Card Gallery
Become a Reseller
ArtworkArtwork
Data Specifications
FAQ
Glossary
Templates
Upload
About usAbout us
Blog
Careers
Contact Us
Equipment
Testimonials
NewsNews
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: February 27, 2013
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by Plastek Cards and certain subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Plastek Cards,” “we” or “us”). This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you use our websites, mobile applications and other online products and services (collectively, the “Services”), or when you otherwise interact with us.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time.
If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the “Last Updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as by adding a statement to our homepage or by sending you a notification).
We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Collection of Information
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you create an account, participate in the interactive areas of our Services, fill out a form, provide us with your business card or other contact information, participate in a contest or promotion, complete a survey, sign up to receive one of our newsletters, make a purchase, communicate with us via third party social media sites, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include your name, email address, postal address, phone number, company name and contact details, job title, industry sector, photographs, videos and any other information you choose to provide.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Services
When you access or use our Services, we automatically collect information about you, including:
Log Information: We log information about your use of the Services, including your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, number of clicks, and the page you visited before navigating to our Services
Device Information: We collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access our Services, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers and mobile network information.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: Cookies and other tracking technologies (such as web beacons) are used to enhance your experience by allowing us to tailor our content based on your interests and distinguish you from other users of our Services. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that does not contain any personal data, and that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your device. A cookie can contain information, such as a user ID or preferences, which the Services use to personalize content, track the pages you’ve visited or to save your password so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit our Services. We do not track your personal data through cookies, unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering or logging on to our Services. We use the following types of cookies:
Strictly Necessary Cookies: These are cookies or other tracking mechanisms necessary to make our Services function as intended. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to use a shopping cart.
Analytical/Performance Cookies: They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our Services. This helps us to improve the way our Services work, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality Cookies: These cookies enable us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region). They may also be used to recognize you when you return to our Services.
Third-Party Cookies: We may allow third parties to place cookies on your device for advertising and analytics purposes. For more information about these cookies, please see “Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others” below.
If required by law, we will ask you for your consent to our use of cookies when you first visit our Services. We may assume that you consented from ticking a box and clicking on an “I agree” (or similar button) or by continuing to navigate on our Services despite a clear and visible notice on our Services that we use cookies. If you agree, we will place an opt-in cookie on your device. If you disagree, we will place an opt-out cookie. These will help us remember your choice and avoid asking you in the future. If you change your mind, simply delete the cookies on your device (please refer to the software provider’s documentation) and you will be asked again if you agree or disagree with our use of cookies when you visit our Services next. You can also adjust your browser settings to receive a message every time a cookie is installed on your computer or to prevent their installation altogether. Although rejection of cookies will not interfere with your ability to interact with most of our Services, you will need to accept cookies if you choose to enter areas of our Services that require registration or login. Certain other functions and/or services might be unavailable to you if you reject cookies altogether (such as remembering your choice of language).
Information We Collect From Other Sources
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect about you.
Use of Information
We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve our Services
Provide and deliver the products and services you request, process transactions and send you related information, including confirmations and invoices
Resolve technical issues related to the Services, and send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages
Respond to your comments, questions and requests, and provide customer service
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, surveys, contests, promotions, rewards and events offered by Plastek Cards and others, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services
Personalize and improve the Services, and provide advertisements, content or features that match user profiles or interests
Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected
Plastek Cards is based in the United States. By accessing or using the Services or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the U.S. and other countries.
Sharing of Information
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of Plastek Cards or others
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company
With your consent or at your direction
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
Social Sharing Features
The Services may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Facebook “Like” button), which let you share actions you take on our Services with other media, and vice versa. The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others
We may allow others to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet and to provide analytics services. These entities may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information. This information may be used by Plastek Cards and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites and better understand your online activity. For more information about Internet-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit Google’s Ads Settings and the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out mechanism.
Security
Plastek Cards takes reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Account Information
You may update, correct or delete information about you at any time by logging into your online account. If you wish to deactivate or delete your account, please email us at webmaster@plastekcards.com, but note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. We may also retain cached or archived copies of information about you for a certain period of time.
Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from Plastek Cards by following the instructions in those emails. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at webmaster@plastekcards.com.
Company
About us
Testimonials
Equipment
Careers
Resources
Ordering
Become a Reseller
Get a Quote
Pricing
Artwork
Artwork
FAQ
Glossary
test1Templates
Connect
Sign Up For News & Discounts
Submit
© 2005-2020, Plastek Card Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.
| Privacy Policy
| Terms of Use
| Terms of Sale
| Site-Map
Fax Your Rating
— Or —
Rate us Online
Plastek Cards ASI Number: 78307