https://www.aerowatch.com/en/privacy-policy
We use cookies to make your experience better.
To comply with the new e-Privacy directive, we need to ask for your consent to set the cookies.
Learn more.
Allow Cookies
Home
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Aerowatch respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy notice will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you. When we mention “Aerowatch”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy notice, we are referring to:
AÉRO WATCH SA
Rue de La Gare 7 2350 Saignelégier  Switzerland
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.       Which personal data we collect
By Reaching out to Aerowatch, whatever the way and mean used, we may collect and process a certain number of personal data that relate to you.
Contact information (e.g. name, postal address, e-mail address and mobile or other telephone number)
Purchase and transaction information
Payment information (such as your payment card number, expiry date, authorization number or security code, delivery and billing address)
Customer service information (such as customer service requests, comments and repair history)
A username and password
Information about your personal or professional interests, date of birth, family situation, demographics, and experiences with our products and contact preferences
Photographs, comments and other content that you provide
Contact information you provide about friends or others you would like us to contact
Information that we may obtain from our third-party service providers.
This information is used to set up and manage your personal account with Aerowatch, your membership to My Aerowatch and/or any order that you may have placed or otherwise done with us, as well as to contact you. It is also used to better identify your preferences and wishes in relation to products we offer. Personal data that is indispensable for us to fulfil the purposes that are described in this Policy is marked with an asterisk on the various pages of the Websites and/or underlined as required upon any contact you have with us. Should you not fill in these mandatory fields or otherwise provide us with this information, we may not be able to take care of your requests and/or provide you with the requested products and services. Other personal data you would communicate to us is purely optional and allows us to know you better and to improve our communications and services accordingly. We may also collect data from publicly available sources, which shall be considered as data having been communicated by you. Payment details in particular: when you initially provide or update your payment information, we may transmit it via an encrypted connection to a third-party payment processor. Such a delegation is in particular justified in order to ensure compliance with security and legal standards. E-mail address: we may use your E-mail address in order to send you our newsletter or other emails in relation to our products, in particular to inform you of any new products or services that may be of interest to you. You may at all time request to stop receiving such newsletters or E-mails by following the link that is given at the end of each newsletter. Data within E-mails: Should you send us an E-mail, we may keep all information contained in the E-mail, especially in order to resolve your inquiries or otherwise assist you.
1.2   Data collected from a social network
When you authorize a third party social network (Facebook, Instagram, etc.) to share information and data with us, we may receive any data that you publicly share on the social network as well as any information that is part of your profile or that you allow the social network to share (name, electronic address, gender, profile picture, user code, list of friends or contacts, etc.). We also receive information pertaining to your profile when you use a social network functionality integrated to the Websites or that you interact with us through the social network. You should at all time be aware of the terms of use and privacy policy that applies to the third party social network and are of its exclusive responsibility.
2. Cookies
Cookies are small text files which are placed on your computer or mobile phone when you visit a website. They are widely used in order to make websites work or to work more efficiently. The cookies help website to recognize your device and remember information about your visit (e.g., your preferred language, font size and other preferences). Most Web browsers are set up to accept cookies, although you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Note, however, that some portions of the Websites may not work properly if you refuse cookies. We also use web beacons (also known as an "action tag" or "clear GIF technology"), or similar technology, which helps analyse the effectiveness of websites by measuring, for example, the number of visitors to a site, how many visitors clicked on key elements of a site or what Web pages were visited.
2.1 How we use cookies?
Cookies allow us to operate the services as you have requested, facilitate your navigation on our Websites and the use of their features, so as to provide you with a seamless experience and relevant ads. We may collaborate with other companies, including social or advertisement networks, which place cookies, Web beacons or other tracking technology on the Websites to collect or receive information from our Websites and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads.
You may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org, which contains comprehensive information on how to manage sour cookies preferences on a wide variety of browsers. Please note that if you block cookies, your experience on our Website may be impacted.
3. Google Analytics
It is possible that some or all of the Websites use Google Analytics, an internet site analysis service supplied by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies which are text files placed on your computer to help to analyse the use made of the Websites by its users. The data generated by the cookies concerning your use of the Websites (including your IP address) will be forwarded to, and stored by, Google on servers located in the United States. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the Websites, compile reports on site activity for its publisher and provide other services relating to the activity of the Websites and the use of the internet. Google may release these data to third parties if there is a legal obligation to do so or when the third parties process these data for the account of Google including, in particular, the publisher of the Websites. Google will not cross-reference your IP address with any other data held by Google. As mentioned under clause 2 above, you may deactivate the use of cookies by selecting appropriate parameters on your navigator. However, deactivation of this kind might prevent the use of certain functions of the Websites. By using the Websites, you specifically consent to the processing of your personal data by Google under the conditions and for the purposes described above. If you do not want Google Analytics to be used in your browser, you can install the Google Analytics browser add-on at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
4. How we use your personal data?
We use the data and information collected on you to:
Offer you all functions of the Websites;
Allow the correct execution of all functions of the Websites;
Personalize your use of the Websites as well as enhance the Websites and all of its functions;
Interact with you and answer any of your questions or remarks, including by notifying you of any changes in relation to our services and/or products;
Answer as well as fulfil any contract with you, especially in relation to any products that you may have purchased or otherwise received, in particular through our customer service for repairs;
Manage your membership and/or client account, including on our online shop to pass and/or manage any order, especially in order to offer you the best customer service and provide you with any information that you may request;
Proceed to antifraud and blacklist management for any case in which a person has been implicated in fraud regarding our products, services or trademarks, essentially in view of allowing, modifying or refusing that person’s access to services or products as well any entry into a contact with Aerowatch, and to communicate    with and defend Aerowatch’s rights before state authorities;
With your consent or within the applicable rules and regulations, provide you with any information that could otherwise be useful or of interest to you, especially regarding our products as well as promotional opportunities, especially through newsletters, invitations and other publications;
Take all required measures in relation to your online transactions, especially to prevent fraud and payment defaults.
5. Data retention
We do not, as a matter of business practice, retain personal data longer than necessary for the purposes stated and to comply with legal requirements, unless otherwise agreed to by you. Your data may however be stored and/or archived for a limited period, which shall not exceed 10 years of time (unless legal obligations or regulations require or allow a longer retention period). At the end of the applied retention period, we shall delete your data without it being required that any further information be provided to you.
6. How do we share and/or transfer your personal data?
Your personal data shall be processed by Aerowatch  and/or by any of its affiliates distributing Aerowatch products and services. It may be transferred or otherwise shared with Aerowatch and its affiliates distributing Aerowatch products and services, for purposes of management and optimization of the customer relationship, as well as to send you information about the offers and news in the limits of your consent or applicable lawful grounds. It may also be transferred in case of a reorganization of Aerowatch, including merger, takeover, de-merger, and in general any reorganization operation. Your personal data may also be transferred to the following third-parties:
Thirdparty providers in relation to the services offered on the Websites, especially any IT service suppliers, consultants, providers of hosting and maintenance services of the Websites and any other third party processing personal data on our behalf, as well as any postal and payment service providers, in order to fulfil and execute any order that you have placed on or through the Websites, or more generally intervene in the context of your reaching out to us.
Thirdparty subcontractors, in order to provide you with the product, service or information you asked for, as well as any customer service, or for interest based advertising based on the data collected from you and/or through your use of the Websites; such third-parties include carriers as well as payment and fraud management service providers.
Any person or entity required by law or judicial order: we may disclose your data to third parties if we determine that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with the law, protect our rights or prevent fraud or abuse. When we receive law enforcement or national security requests for information, we scrutinize such requests carefully, especially if they are vague, overbroad or otherwise unlawful. And when legally permitted and reasonably possible, we may provide you with notice that your information is being requested. In any case, both the assessment of the request as well as the possibility to inform you of it are at the our sole discretion and may not make us liable from a civil, criminal or administrative point of view.
We may transfer personal data to third parties when and only when it is necessary to provide the product or service to you. In such cases, these third parties are prohibited to use these data beyond what is necessary to provide those product or service to you. In any case where cross-border transfer is done, we ensure that an adequate protection is guaranteed for personal data to be transferred outside of Switzerland and the EEA. In some specific cases when this level of protection is not guaranteed, we will obtain your prior consent or establish with the recipient of personal data a contractual framework or sufficient safeguards that ensure an adequate level of protection abroad. You may request access to a copy of these safeguards by contacting us.
7. Security measures
We apply strictly the principles of data protection by design and by default and implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to limit to the maximum the processing of your data as well as ensure its security. In particular, and by default, only personal data which are necessary for each specific purpose of the processing are processed by us and all accesses to your personal data are limited to what is required for the purposes detailed under clause 4 of this Policy. Regarding specifically any payment transactions that are done with your payment details, they are encrypted using SSL EV technology.
8. Your choices
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal data that you provide to us or that is otherwise collected on you, in particular through our Websites. The following mechanisms give you the following control over your personal data. Regarding Cookies and similar technologies: you can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being used, as mentioned under Clauses 2 and 3 above. If you agree to receive information on Aerowatch offers and news you can indicate so through the relevant tickbox(es) located on the registration form(s) or by answering favorably to the question(s) presented by our Aerowatch Boutique representatives. If you decide that you no longer wish to receive such communications, you can subsequently unsubscribe as follows:
Through the CONTACT US page on the Aerowatch website
Through your My Aerowatch account
By contacting us at aero@aerowatch.com
Please note that, even if you opt-out from receiving marketing communications, you may still receive administrative communications from us, such as order or other transaction confirmations, notifications about your account activities (e.g. account confirmations, password changes, etc.)
9. Your rights
You have the right to request access to or information about the personal data related to you which are processed by us. Should you have a My Aerowatch membership account, you can access, review, correct and update your personal data at any time by accessing such account on the Websites. Alternatively in any case you can contact us at aero@aerowatch.com. You may also have the right to request that we:
Correct or erase your personal data or restricts the processing of your data;
Transfer your personal data to a thirdparty; or
Stop processing your personal data, for the case in which we rely on your consent and do not have another legal basis to continue processing your data.
Stop using your personal data to build up your client profile; in this case you will no longer benefit from customized offers or services.
Stop sending you information about our offers and news
All access, correction and deletion requests must be sent with your contact details (phone number and email) at aero@aerowatch.com. We may ask you for a proof of identity (copy of official Identification Document with a photo mentioning your date & place of birth). The request is free of charge unless your request is unfounded or excessive (e.g. if you have already requested such personal data multiple times in the last twelve months or if the request generates an extremely high workload). In such case, we may charge you a reasonable request fee according to applicable data protection legislation. We encourage you to contact us if you feel your personal data has been mishandled or if we have failed to meet your expectations.
You also have the right to make a complaint at any time to the supervisory authority in the appropriate jurisdiction.
10. Updates to the Policy
We may revise or update this Policy from time to time. Any changes to this Policy will become effective upon posting of the revised Policy on the Websites.
11. Contact
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Policy, our privacy practices or your communication with Aerowatch, please feel free to contact us:
AEROWATCH SA
Rue de La Gare 7 2350 Saignelégier  Switzerland
+41 32 953 20 10
aero@aerowatch.com
Loading...
Legal notice
General terms and conditions
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2019 AEROWATCH
Design by procab studio