https://www.washingtonsavings.net/privacy
Skip to content
Dropdown Title
Personal
Personal Checking
– Elite Plus Checking
– Elite Plus/Saver Checking
– Elite Value Checking
– Elite Rewards Checking
– Regular Checking
– Super NOW Checking
Personal Savings
– Elite Saver
– Kid’s Club
– Tiered Statement
– Christmas Club
Card Services
CDs
HSAs
IRAs
Notifi
Virtual Branch
Zelle®
Loans
Mortgage
Consumer
Commercial
Student
Business
Business Checking
Business Savings
Card Services
Online Business
Trust & Investments
Resources
Wire Transfer Instructions
Calculators
Security & Identity Theft
How-To-Videos
Re-Order Checks
Banking Service Fees
Virtual Branch
Personal Banking Username
Personal Banking Password
Business Banking Username
Forgot Password?
Enroll Now
Log In
Business Banking Account Log-In
Trust and InvestmentsAccount Log-In
“Banking On The Go?” Try Our Virtual Branch.
LEARN MORE
Now you can enjoy the conveniences of banking at a traditional branch by using our Virtual Branch services for all of your personal banking needs anytime and anywhere! We offer these e-services to ensure that you can engage in banking in a way that meets your needs.
Online Banking
Mobile Banking
Mobile Deposit
Online Bill Pay
Online Mortgage Application
eStatements
Account-to-Account Funds Transfer
Credit Card Application
Online Banking
With our extremely convenient Virtual Branch many of your banking tasks – whether checking your accounts or even transferring funds – can now be done on your schedule from the comfort of your home.
Mobile Banking
Mobile banking is a part of our Virtual Branch that lets you access all of your accounts and pay bills anytime, anywhere, with your mobile phone/device. Better yet, it’s free! You can check balances and history as well as set up alerts through text messaging. Sign up for our WSB Mobile app as well to access all of your account information directly from your smart phone or tablet.
Getting Started:
Go to your Online Banking account on a personal computer, not a cell phone. If you don’t have an online banking account, call us today to get started!
Click on ‘Options’.
Click on ‘Enroll Now’ under the ‘Mobile Banking Profile’ option.
Set up your account.
It’s that simple. If you have any questions, please give us a call at 217-347-7173.
Mobile Deposit
With the WSB Mobile app, you can take a photo of your check and make a deposit anytime, anywhere! The daily deposit limit is $2,500.00.(Each check is one deposit).
Steps to using Go Mobile Deposit:
Before logging into the WSB Mobile app, close all other apps running in the background on your mobile phone.
Once logged into the app, select the deposit icon from the menu across the bottom.
Sign/endorse the back of your check then put “WSB Mobile Deposit” under the endorsement. (see sample below)
When prompted for the amount, carefully enter the check amount to ensure it matches the amount written on your check.
Tips for taking pictures of the check.
Flatten folded or crumpled checks before taking your photos.
Keep the check within the view finder on the camera screen when capturing your photos. Try not to get too much of the areas surrounding the check.
Take the photos of your check in a well-lit area.
Place the check on solid dark background before taking the photo of it.
Keep your phone flat and steady above the check when taking your photos.
Hold the camera as square to the check as possible to reduce corner to corner skew.
Make sure that the entire check image is visible and in focus before submitting your deposit.
No shadows across the check
All four corners are visible
Check is not blurry
The MICR line (numbers on the bottom of your check) is readable
After the Mobile Deposit has been accepted and “Deposit Pending” shows up in Mobile Banking, the deposit will appear in your account after the nightly update.
Online Bill Pay
An easy and convenient way to pay both regular and one-time-only bills, without having to visit the post office or buying stamps!
Online Mortgage Application
Apply for a loan online. Application typically takes less than 20 minutes.
View our rates
Apply Today!
eStatements
Sign up for eStatements and help save the environment.
Receive notification that your bank statement is available to view. You can either click on the link in your email notification or log on to online banking and click on the account and then the documents tab.
Available for any checking account and Tiered Statement Savings Account.
Account-to-Account Funds Transfer
Our convenient online account-to-account transfer platform provides you an easy and secure way to transfer funds from your Washington Savings Bank accounts to and from your accounts at other financial institutions. Whether it’s a one-time, recurring, or future dated transfer, use this tool to make your account to account transfers convenient, fast and safe!
Credit Card Application
Apply for a VISA® Platinum Credit Card that rewards you with points.
Apply Now!
Sign Up For Virtual Branch Today
Our Privacy Statement
What does Washington Savings Bank do with your personal information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and income
employment information and credit history
assets and account balances
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons Washington Savings Bank chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Washington Savings Bank share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes – such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes – to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information about your transactions and experiences
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
Questions?
Call 217-347-7173 or visit one of our locations.
Who We Are
Who is providing this notice?
Washington Savings Bank
What We Do
How does Washington Savings Bank protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does Washington Savings Bank collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
apply for a loan or give us your income information
provide account information or open an account
use your credit or debit card
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only:
sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Washington Savings Bank has no affiliates.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Washington Savings Bank does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include a credit card company and the company that provides the core processing system for your bank accounts.
1300 N Keller DriveEffingham, IL (view)
200 South Banker StreetEffingham, IL (view)
1111 Charleston AvenueMattoon, IL (view)
website by