http://www.wazif.com/privacy-policy
Skip to contentPrivacy PolicyWe have updated this Privacy Policy to address GDPR requirements. In it we explain how we collect, store and process your personal data, as well as your rights concerning this data.How we collect data?Normally we would collect the data that you share with us. Examples of data you share include when you make an online purchase, book a service, register a product, subscribe to our newsletter, or contact us with a query. When we receive data, we take appropriate steps to protect it.What data is stored?We store your first and last name, email address, postal address, telephone number, IP address and the details of the transactions you conduct using our services.Why we collect data?We want to give you the best possible experience with Wazif. With this in mind, this data helps us to provide you with:the latest information about Wazif services, promotional offers, events and campaigns;customer support if you have queries or problems;personalised offers.In addition, we store data to facilitate:Tax collection: we must retain certain information regarding sales to verify location for BE/EU tax reporting;Fraud protection: we undertake certain fraud prevention methods to protect credit card users in our e-commerce system.There will inevitably be some services that we cannot provide for you without collecting and retaining your data.When we share your data?Wazif will not share your data with any third party unless it is to provide an essential service for you or if we have a legal obligation to share that data.Anonymous dataWe sometimes use data for analytical or marketing reasons, in which case the data is anonymised. Examples would include the geographical analysis of sales success, geographically focused promotions, or historical product sales curves.Your rightsYou have many rights regarding your data. These include viewing what data we hold, and modifying or deleting your data.If you wish to see, modify or delete your data; or if you have any other query about our privacy policy, please contact us.  Don`t copy text! Scroll to Top
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. By continuing to use the service, you agree to our use of cookies. - Cookie Policy
I agree