https://www.cookecoachbuilders.com/cookies-policy/
“
A huge thanks for all your time and work on customising my Raceline box to fit my big horse! I hope he appreciates the effort everyone has made to meet his requirements and that he considers it worthwhile loading! That will be our exercise this weekend.
Seriously thanks for all the modifications, tweaks and rescuing the silly woman who couldn't get the fuel cap off, doubt i will ever live that one down.
Please say thanks to all the team who worked on it and patiently changed things yesterday for me. I really appreciated it.
”
Louise W – 3.5t Raceline
Area of Interest
Race Homes
Bespoke Vehicles
3.5T
7.5T
HGV
Send Enquiry
Cookies Policy
G Cooke Ltd. (“us”, “we”, or “our”) uses cookies on https://www.cookecoachbuilders.com (the “Service”). By using the Service, you consent to the use of cookies.
Our Cookies Policy explains what cookies are, how we use cookies, how third-parties we may partner with may use cookies on the Service, your choices regarding cookies and further information about cookies.
What are cookies
Cookies are small pieces of text sent by your web browser by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the Service or a third-party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the Service more useful to you.
Cookies can be “persistent” or “session” cookies.
How G Cooke Ltd uses cookies
When you use and access the Service, we may place a number of cookies files in your web browser.
We use cookies for the following purposes: to enable certain functions of the Service, to provide analytics, to store your preferences, to enable advertisements delivery, including behavioural advertising.
We use both session and persistent cookies on the Service and we use different types of cookies to run the Service:
Essential cookies. We may use essential cookies to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts.
Third-party cookies
In addition to our own cookies, we may also use various third-parties cookies to report usage statistics of the Service, deliver advertisements on and through the Service, and so on. Please see more details below:
“Our Site” uses retargeting services from Google, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and other similar companies to target our ads based on information we or they have collected through automated means (such as cookies or web beacons).
These companies also use automated technologies to collect information when you click on our ads, which help track and manage the effectiveness of our marketing.
This information may include the content you view / the date and time you view this content, the actions you take, the products you purchase, or your location information associated with your IP address.
Google:
We may take advantage of the following Google Analytics features: Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager Integration, or Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting.  Using theGoogle Ads Settings, visitors can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads.  Google’s privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
We may make use of Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online.  Third-party vendors, including Google, could show these ads in the form of an advertisement on the Google Search results page, or on a site in the Google Display Network.
We and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on someone’s past visits to your website.
We may make use of Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting using Google’s 3rd-party audience data (such as age, gender, and interests) with Google Analytics.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using theGoogle Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
Users may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google Advertising Opt-out Page. Users may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics Opt-out Page. Users may opt out of third party vendor use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-out Page.
Facebook and Instagram:
Facebook and Instagram provide us with certain features and tools (e.g. pixels, SDKs and APIs) that we could add to our website to allow us to send data about actions that people take on our website (“Event Data”) to Facebook to track conversions (“Conversion Tracking”), to create custom audiences of people who have visited our website (“Custom Audiences from your Website”). To read more about Terms For Conversion Tracking, Custom Audiences From Your Website, and Custom Audiences From Your Mobile App: https://www.facebook.com/customaudiences/app/tos/
Twitter:
We may use Twitter’s universal website tag, conversion tracking and tailored audience’s products.  We and third parties collect user data through their application for purposes of conversion tracking and serving ads targeted to users’ interests. We do not select targeting criteria that could reveal sensitive information about users and don’t subject users to advertising that isn’t relevant to our brand.
Users can opt out of interest-based advertising through ‘Do Not Track’ functionality in your web browser or through such other methods that Twitter may specify here: https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170405
Third-party vendors, including Google Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and similar companies, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the “Our Site”. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy.
You may opt out of the automated collection of information by third-party ad networks for the purpose of delivering advertisements tailored to your interests, by visiting the consumer opt-out page for the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioural Advertising at http://www.aboutads.info/choices
What are your choices regarding cookies
If you’d like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser.
Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
Where can you find more information about cookies
You can learn more about cookies and the following third-party websites:
AllAboutCookies: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
Network Advertising Initiative: http://www.networkadvertising.org/