http://www.wma.org/footer-link/privacy-policy
Skip to Navigation |
Skip to Content
Western Manufactured Housing Communities Association
Search Site
More options
Social link
Follow us on Twitter
February 5, 2016
Read more
Social link
Connect with us on Facebook
February 5, 2016
Read more
Header link
Member Log In
January 1, 2011
Read more
Header link
Service Providers
June 14, 2012
Read more
Western Manufactured Housing Communities Association
Footer link
Privacy Policy
August 3, 2012
The following is the Privacy Policy for Western Manufactured
Housing Communities Association online at www.wma.org.
Purpose
WMA is committed to protecting information disclosed through this
website. Your use of this website, or any inquiry or comment you
send, may be disclosed to WMA members and authorized entities
solely to advance the mission and purpose of CAHHS/CHA.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site,
place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey
or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may
be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address,
phone number or credit card information.
What do we use your information for?
The information you provide is used to respond to your comment or
inquiry and to provide various services to you. Any of the
information we collect from you may be used in one of the
following ways:
To improve our website. We continually strive to improve our
website offerings based on the information and feedback we
receive from you.
To improve customer service. Your information helps us to
more effectively respond to your customer service requests and
support needs.
To process transactions. Your private information will not be
sold, exchanged, transferred, without your consent, other than
for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or
service requested.
To send periodic email. The email address you provide for
order processing or event registration may be used to send you
information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to
receiving occasional bulletins, updates and announcements, etc.
Note: if at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving
future emails, we include unsubscribe instructions at the bottom
of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the
safety of your personal information when you place an order or
enter, submit, or access your personal information. We offer the
use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information
is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then
encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be
accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such
systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards,
social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on
our servers. Any transmission you make on the internet, other
than on a secured and encrypted site, may not be secure.
Therefore, you should always be concerned about any personally
identifiable information that you submit on the Internet.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider
transfers to your hard drive through your web browser (if you
allow) in order to enable the site or service provider’s system
to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain
information.
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your
shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future
visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site
interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and
tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service
providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors.
These service providers are not permitted to use the information
collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our
business.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each
time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all
cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you
turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function
properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties
your personally identifiable information. This does not include
trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website,
conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those
parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also
release your information when we believe release is appropriate
to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect
ours or others rights, property, or safety. However,
non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided
to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
At our discretion, we may include or offer third party products
or services on our website. These third party sites have separate
and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no
responsibility or liability for the content and activities of
these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity
of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Do Not Track Requests
We do not engage in any relationships with third-party
advertising networks and services. Since our website does not
track any activity except for server logs, which do not collect
personally identifiable information, it does not respond to the
do not track settings. We use Google Analytics as a third-party
tool. We do not control how the third party tool responds to the
Do Not Track settings in your web browser. To opt-out of analysis
by Google Analytics on our website and other websites, please
visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We value your privacy; therefore, we have taken the necessary
precautions to be in compliance with the California Online
Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your
personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all
member users of our site may submit requests to update their
information by logging and navigating to the profile section and
using the contact form.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s
Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information
from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and
services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old
or older.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing
the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the
use of our website at www.wma.org
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those
changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy
modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 12/19/2013
Contact Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may
contact us using the information below.
WMA
455 Capitol Mall, Ste 800
Sacramento, California 95814
United States
Contact form
Send message
Print-friendly
ShareThis
Home Tab - In the News
Government AffairsLegislative Alert
Real Housing Solutions
Bills of Interest
WMA PAC
Legal Center
WMA Regional Reps
Government Links
MembershipHow to Join
WMA Chapters
Code of Ethics
Membership Renewal
Members' AreaForms
Member Services
WMA Bylaws
Resource CenterCOVID-19 Responses and Updates
Service Providers
Links
Useful Info & Documents
FAQs
Classifieds
Fire Sprinklers
Motion Picture Licensing
Resident Ombudsman
Pools & Spas
Emergency Preparedness
Dodd Frank/SAFEUpdates on Dodd Frank, SAFE Act and Anti Money Laundering
Utilities
Education & EventsWMA Calendar of Events
Event Registration
Industry Events
MCM Program
My MCM ProfileView and track your MCM progress and renewal online!
Convention & Expo
NewsGeneral News
WMA Reporter
Newsline
About WMAPrograms and Services
WMA FoundationA 501(c)(3) charitable organization to provide disaster relieve to residents
FJE Scholarship FoundationFrank J. Evans Scholarship Foundation
Staff Members
WMA Board & CommitteesBoard Members
Committees
Donations
Contact WMA
Back
Footer link
August 3, 2012
Send message
Profile
WMA
July 16, 2012
455 Capitol Mall, Suite 800
Sacramento, CA 95814
p 916.448.7002
f 916.448.7085
455 Capitol Mall, Suite 800
Sacramento, CA 95814
View map
(916) 448-7002 (916) 448-7085 fax
Send message
Read more
Footer link
Western Manufactured Housing Communities Association
June 26, 2012
Read more
Footer link
455 Capitol Mall, Suite 800, Sacramento, CA 95814
June 26, 2012
Read more
Footer link
(916) 448-7002
June 26, 2012
Read more
Footer link
Privacy Policy
August 3, 2012
The following is the Privacy Policy for Western Manufactured
Housing Communities Association online at www.wma.org.
Purpose
WMA is committed to protecting information disclosed through this
website. Your use of this website, or any inquiry or comment you
send, may be disclosed to WMA members and authorized entities
solely to advance the mission and purpose of CAHHS/CHA.
Send message
Read more
Footer link
Contact Us
June 26, 2012
Read more
Commands
HelpLog in
Log in
WMA ID: *
Please log in with your WMA ID.
Password: *
Remember me
Create a new account
Retrieve my ID or password
Navigation Highlight
Frank J. Evans Scholarship Foundation
July 19, 2012
(831) 475-0335
Send message
Read more
Navigation Highlight
WMA Member Benefits
July 2, 2012
Read more
Navigation Highlight
WMA’s Reporter magazine
July 2, 2012
Read more
Navigation Highlight
Online Classified Ads
July 2, 2012
Read more
Navigation Highlight
Find Your Legislator
July 2, 2012
Read more