https://www.discountdisplays.co.uk/html/privacy-and-security.html
COVID Products
Hand Sanitiser Stations
Sneeze Guards and Screens
Queue Barriers
Social Distancing Posters and Wall Stickers
Social Distancing Floor and Table Stickers
Face Masks
Social Distancing Pavement Signs
Social Distancing Banner Stands
Social Distancing Banners
Social Distancing Signs
Social Distancing Sign Holders
Green Screens
School Social Distancing Solutions
Exhibition & Indoor Displays
Exhibition Stands
Pop Up Stands
Exhibition Stand Kits
Fabric Displays
Modular Exhibition Stands
Truss Stands
Exhibition Furniture
Hanging Displays
Exhibition Accessories
Modulate™ Stands
View All Exhibition Stands
Banner Stands
Retail Displays
Lightboxes
Easels
Cable Displays
Display Lighting
View All Retail Displays
Literature Stands
Floor Standing Literature Racks
Portable Literature Stands
Table Top Literature Holders
Wall Mounted Brochure Holders
Display Stands
Brochure Displays
Poster Displays
Sign Holders
Information Boards
Chalkboards
Menu Boards
Notice Boards
Whiteboards
Event Furniture
Chairs, Stools & Tables
Display Cases
Lecterns
Portable Counters
Printed Tablecloths
Multi Media Displays
iPad Stands
Digital Signage
Projector Screens
TV Display Stands
Queue Barriers
Retractable Barriers
Post and Rope Barriers
Post and Chain Barriers
Display Boards
Table Top Displays
Pole and Panel
Folding Stands
Poster Holders
Floor Standing Poster Holders
Poster Frames
Snap Frames
A Boards
Office Partitions
Outdoor Displays
Outdoor Banners
Banner Frames
Lamp Post Banners
Outdoor Banner Stands Pop Out Banners
Outdoor Queue Barriers
Cafe Barriers
Outdoor Belt Barriers
Event Furniture
Cafe Tables and Stools
Event Flooring
Folding Tables and Chairs
Flags & Bunting
Feather Flags
Flagpoles
Teardrop Flags
Pavement Signs
A Boards
Chalk Boards
Forecourt Signs
Swing Signs
Outdoor Sign Holders
Tents and Canopies
Outdoor Notice Boards
Post and Panel Signs
Large Format Print, Banners & Signs
Banner Printing
PVC Banners
Fabric Banners
Lamp Post Banners
Mesh Banners
Recyclable Banners
Printed Flags
Signs by Material
Correx Signs
Dibond Signs
Foamex Panels
Magnetic Signs
Perspex Signs
Poster Printing
Indoor Posters
Outdoor Paper Posters
Outdoor PVC Posters
Backlit Posters
Sale Posters
Decor
Canvas Printing
Custom Printed Blinds
Custom Wallpaper
Exhibition Graphics
Banner Stand Graphics
Display Panels
Hanging Displays
Pop Up Drops
Rollable Exhibition Graphics
Shell Scheme Graphics
Stickers
Vinyl Lettering
Wall Graphics
Window Graphics
Floor Graphics
Signage
Indoor Signs
Outdoor Signs
Event Signs
Retail Graphics
Temporary Signs
Post Mounted Signs
Metal Wall Signs
Cardboard Cut-Outs
Giant Cheques
Hoardings
Design Service
FREE Templates
Vectorising Service
Guides and Advice
Artwork Design
Shop by Industry
Automotive
Construction
Estate Agents
Exhibitions
Facilities Management
Garden Centres
Hotels
Leisure Centres
NHS
Office
Outdoor Events
Retail Displays
Schools
Special Offers
COVID-19 Update: Still delivering our 5 star rated service as normal
Price Match Promise
QUALITY PRODUCTS AT LOW PRICES
IN-HOUSE DESIGN AND PRINT
Privacy and Security
At Discount Displays we take your security and privacy very seriously and want you to always have the best possible shopping experience when using our site.
In this page we aim to outline what data we collect, why we collect it, how we use it and your rights in accessing and updating this data. This pertains to any communication between yourself and us including, but not limited to, the use of our website discountdisplays.co.uk, emailing us or calling us.
We cover all aspects including our privacy policy, our cookie policy and what security measures we put in place to ensure a worry free shopping environment for our users.
Privacy Policy
Who We Are
Discount Displays Limited is the data controller of the information you provide. Discount Displays Limited is a company registered in England and Wales with registration number 3927116. Our registered office address is 31-35 Wortley Road, Croydon, Surrey, CR0 3EB.
When you provide us with your personal data you are showing that you trust us with your data and to use it responsibly and safely. Our commitment to keeping this trust is of utmost importance and this Privacy Policy outlines just how seriously we take this responsibility, the processes we have in place when collecting and handling your data and most importantly your rights regarding this data.
Our privacy policy may change from time to time, this policy was last updated on 21st May 2018.
Your Personal Information & How We Use It
We collect certain information from you when you use our website, contact us by telephone, our social media channels or email us. Some of this information is collected automatically, such as IP address and data stored in cookies. Other information is given to us by you, such as a delivery address when placing an order.
We only collect and process your information for legitimate business interests, legal requirements or contractual obligations. More information on what grounds we collect your data can be found in the ‘Basis For Collecting Your Personal Information’ section below.
Here you can find a rundown of the different types of personal information we process and how we use it.
Information You Give To Us
Personal information such as name, address, phone number and email address. This could be given when registering for an account, purchasing a product, filling out a contact form or entering a competition. We will only use this data to send marketing emails to users that purchase a product or sign up to our mailing list. If giving your email address at the checkout, we may use this to send you an email enabling you to checkout easily if you leave the site.
Payment details. These are used when purchasing a product. We use secure payment processors and security measures throughout our site and server.
Your contact history such as emails, messages via social media and live chat transcripts. These are used to help resolve your problems, to be able to follow up at a later time if necessary and to help optimise our customer services.
Other. Such as leaving a review, completing a survey or requesting a quote for a product. We keep this data to a minimum in order to contact you where applicable and analyse the results of our marketing efforts.
We collect this information to ensure we can carry out the functional and legal requirements of our business operations. This includes creating an account for you where requested, engaging in you with communications you have initiated, processing payment information and working with our couriers to ensure your orders get to the right destination.
We also use it to improve the user experience of the site, to offer a personalised user experience and to deliver more relevant marketing communications where applicable.
Information We Collect Automatically
Device information such as your IP address, log data and cookie data. We use both internal tracking technology and third party vendors to handle this information.
On page information such as which products you have looked at, what search terms you have used and which products you have added to the basket. This data is linked to the device information listed above and not to any identifiers such as name or physical address.
We use this data in order to be able to deliver the best possible shopping environment in a safe and easy to use environment. Device and page information is used to help us identify issues with the website, analyse what type of devices are using our website and look at data on the individual page level.
With this information we then screen for potential fraud, make improvements to the site, help train our staff and offer a personalised shopping experience to our users.
In terms of using this data to offer a personalised experience this could include showing relevant promotions or products based on the previous pages that have been looked at and showing prices including or excluding tax based on your previous selection. We also use third party vendors to present targeted advertising when browsing other websites.
This information also helps us comply with certain legal requirements and ensure any contractual obligations between us and the user are being met.
Basis For Collecting Your Personal Information
Under GDPR we must have a legal basis for doing so and the language in the regulations describes what these are. Below are some of the different bases we use to determine what personal information to process and what these mean in context.
Legitimate Interests. This is the main basis we use when processing your personal information. Legitimate interests means processing data that is necessary to achieve the commercial, individual or societal interests of the parties involved. It only applies when the same result could not be achieved in a less intrusive way, and we do everything we can to ensure this is the case.
When weighing up if a certain type of data processing is a legitimate interest we perform a balance test that compares our interests against your interests to decide if it is something you would reasonably expect us to do in a commercial operation.
If you do not want us to process your data under the legitimate interests listed below, you have the right to object. Please take a look at ‘Your Rights’ section for more information. Please note that if we can’t process your personal information, we may not be able to fulfill some aspects of our operations.
During our assessments, we identified the following as legitimate interests for processing your personal information:
Core services such as taking payment details.
Being able to deliver purchased products to the correct address.
Being able to contact you if there are any problems with your order.
Sending you a marketing email if you have purchased something from us.
The ability to engage in a live chat with you.
Promoting our products on our website and elsewhere on the internet.
Giving you the ability to restore a shopping cart easily.
Personalisation of your shopping experience.
Tracking user behaviour and site traffic to enhance the customer experience.
Contractual. As an ecommerce store, when you purchase a product from us we enter a contract between buyer and seller. This contract ensures you are protected by various safeguards and legislations regarding buying goods. In order for us to keep up the side of our contract, namely delivering the products to you, we need to process certain personal information that you provide to us when purchasing. An obvious example of this is using your address to deliver the product to you.
Legal. There are certain laws that mean personal information would have to be kept in order to adhere to them. An example of this is to investigate any warranty claims or to notify you of a product recall.
Sharing Your Personal Information
We share your personal information in limited ways with partners who have been subjected to our rigorous screening methods to ensure they have the same high level of data processing standards as we do. We only share data that helps to provide a better customer experience and this information can not be used by the third party for their own promotional activities.
Here are the ways your personal information may be shared with third parties:
Delivery information provided to our couriers and suppliers to ensure that any product you purchase can be delivered to you.
Our live chat provider when you engage in a chat with one of our representatives.
When we are legally obliged to do so e.g legal request.
For email marketing campaigns. This data is strictly limited to as few pieces of data as possible to deliver an effective marketing campaign.
For web traffic analytics, such as Google Analytics, to help us understand how our customers use the site. This includes, but isn’t limited to your IP address and demographic information. You can opt out of Google Analytics via the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
For targeted advertising on other websites, currently the third parties we use are Google’s DoubleClick and Bing Ads. You can opt out of these services by going to the providers website.
Payment providers such as PayPal and SagePay. This is used when a payment has been made for a purchase. In the case of PayPal, you will be directed to their website to provide payment details. Your use of their service is subject to their own privacy policy.
We may anonymise your data and share it with third parties, such as analytics companies. You will not be able to be identified in any way by this type of data sharing.
We will never sell your information or otherwise provide it to a third party that doesn’t fall under the uses listed above. We will always ensure we comply with any and all applicable data protection laws including the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
International Transfers of Your Personal Information
From time to time your personal information may be transferred outside of the European Economic Area (EEA). An example of this would be Google Analytics data that was sent to a server in the United States.
If your personal information is transferred outside of the EEA it will be subject to any applicable laws of the country it resides in. We will always ensure to the best of our ability that any country outside the EEA it is transferred to has laws that offer the same level of protection as if it were inside the EEA as outlined by the European Commission.
How Long We Keep Your Personal Information For
We will keep your personal records as long as you have an account with us, or if you have made a purchase with us as long as is necessary to ensure we can fulfill the purpose it was collected for. This would be one of the ways outlined in the ‘Your Personal Information & How We Use It’ section.
If you call our phone line but do not make a purchase and have not requested a call back or further information we will not keep your data on record.
If you email us, we will retain your email for a period of three years. This will be to respond to any questions or complaints you may have. We will not store your data for other marketing purposes unless you have requested to do so, e.g to be part of our marketing list.
For data kept on our marketing mailing lists, we will remove any personal information where there has been no interaction with an email for two years. You may unsubscribe or ask us to be removed from this list at any time. We will keep your email address on record when unsubscribing in order to prevent us emailing you again.
We may also keep some parts of your information in order to meet certain legal or regulatory requirements.
Once the retention period for your data has ended we will delete the information from the necessary sources or anonymise it so you can not be identified in any way.
Your Rights
You have rights relating to the personal information we hold about you. These rights are designed to put you in control of your personal information, enabling you to access it, update it and remove it quickly and easily. You can find a overview of your rights listed below:
You have the right to know what personal information we store in relation to you and the right to access this information. This is known as a ‘Data Subject Access Request’. If your request falls under our obligations we will provide it to you within 30 days from your request. We may ask for proof of identity or information about your interaction with us to ensure we are giving information to the correct party.
You have the right to know how your personal information is being used. This is covered within this Privacy Policy.
You have the right to correct any information that is not incorrect, such as an old address.
You have the right to ask us to delete any personal information where it is no longer required for the function it was intended to carry out.
You have the right to stop your personal data from being used to send direct marketing. In regards to email marketing, the quickest way to do so if by clicking the unsubscribe button in the footer of an email. Please note we will continue to store your email address to ensure no more emails are sent to that address.
You have the right to withdraw any consent you have given us in relation to processing your data at any time.
You have the right to ask us to stop processing your personal information on the basis of our listed legitimate interests.
You have the right to complain to the data protection regulator regarding how we process your personal information. You can find details on how to do so in the ‘How To Contact the The Information Commissioner's Office’ section of this policy.
To exercise any of these rights please get in contact with us using the details listed in the ‘How To Contact Us’ section below.
How To Contact the The Information Commissioner's Office
If you are unhappy with the way in which your data has been processed by us or the way we have dealt with your requests regarding that data, it is your right to be able to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). For more information please visit: https://ico.org.uk/
How To Contact Us
Our customers, and anybody who uses our website in fact, are at the heart of every decision we make. Your feedback helps us to make sure we are delivering the best possible customer service. If you have any questions or comments about our privacy policy or anything else relating to how we use your personal data, please don’t hesitate to get in touch.
You can do so by emailing us at sales@discountdisplays.co.uk, calling us on 020 8664 5660 or writing to us at 31-35 Wortley Road, Croydon, Surrey, CR0 3EB.
Cookie Policy
This Cookie Policy was last updated on 21st May 2018 and outlines the use of cookies when visiting our website.
We use cookies to be able to enhance the security of our site, to help us analyse our traffic and provide you with an optimised and personalised experience when visiting our site.
So what are cookies? Cookies are small files containing letters and numbers that are stored by your browser onto your device when you visit a website. They allow us to distinguish one user of the website from another, which helps us to improve our website.
Most browsers will accept cookies automatically, but they can be disabled - more on that below. Bear in mind cookies perform functions such as keeping items in your basket so disabling them will affect the functionality of our site.
We may change our cookies from time to time, but here is a rundown of the types of cookies we generally use on our website and what they do.
Functional cookies. These are cookies that are essential for the use and operation of our website. Adding products to the shopping basket, using our live chat or logging on to your account are examples of these. Some of these cookies are session only, so are deleted once you close your browser, others are persistent which are kept until they expire or are manually deleted.
Analytical cookies. These cookies allow us to look at how users interact with our site, and how many users are on the site and particular pages at a given time. We use both internal first party cookies and also third party cookies set by Google Analytics. These cookies enable us to optimise the customer experience and make sure the right content is easy to find. They do not store any personal information such as your name or address.
Targeting or advertising cookies. These types of cookies look at what pages you have visited and what products you have interacted with when using our site. We use internal first party cookies that help us deliver personalised content such as promotions or allowing you to retrieve your cart easily. We also use third party cookies that aim to give you more relevant advertising when browsing the web outside of our site.
By continuing to use this website you are agreeing to our use of cookies. This consent includes the storing of cookies on your device and using them if you return to our site. You can delete these cookies at any time from your device - please refer to the help section of your device for details on how to do so.
Security
Your security is paramount to us which is why we ensure our site uses secure connections whilst you are using it. We use an SSL certificate that ensures our website is delivered via https to make the communication between your browser and our server as secure as possible.
These terms may be confusing, so here is a brief overview of what they mean and how they protect you.
SSL stands for Secure Sockets Layer and is the technology used to keep safe any data that is sent between two systems. In our case this is your browser and our server. This prevents any unwanted third parties from reading and modifying any data that is transferred, such as credit card details or contact information.
SSL does this by encrypting the data that is sent, making it impossible to read while in transit.
HTTPS in our case is a connection using an SSL protocol to ensure secure and encrypted communication between your browser and our server. You can check to see our site is using https with an SSL certificate by looking at the top of your browser window where you normally type in a web address. Here you will see a green padlock icon, the name of our company ‘Discount Displays Limited’ and our web address will start with ‘https://’. This will be present on every page of our site, including pages where you enter personal details and payment information.
HTTPS (Hyper Text Transfer Protocol Secure) appears in the URL when a website is secured by an SSL certificate. The details of the certificate, including the issuing authority and the corporate name of the website owner, can be viewed by clicking on the lock symbol on the browser bar.
If you look towards the top of your browser, where you type in a web address, you will notice a green padlock icon and our company name ‘Discount Displays Ltd’. This shows you that we are delivering our website via ‘https’ and is present on every page.
As well as having a completely secure connection whilst making payment on our website, we also have (Payment Card Industry) PCI accreditation, which we renew every year. This certifies that we take the appropriate measures to keep your details safe. We also use highly respected payment processors SagePay and PayPal to take full advantage of the extremely high levels of safeguarding they put in place when taking payments.
For an extra layer of security we also use Verified by Visa and Mastercard SecureCard at the checkout, which helps prevent against the unauthorised use of your card.
Our IT team have systems in place to continuously monitor against unwanted activity on our network and to identify and fix any potential vulnerabilities to provide a safe and secure shopping experience for you.
Product Categories
Exhibition Equipment
Retail Displays
Outdoor Event Branding
Large Format Printing
Customer Services
Contact Us
Delivery
Returns
Artwork Guide
FAQs
Price Match Promise
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Quick Links
Login/Register
Trade Accounts
New Products
Special Offers
Product A-Z
Careers
Connect With Us
Sign up for exclusive offers
1987-2020 Discount Displays Limited, 31-35 Wortley Road, Croydon, Surrey, CR0 3EB | 020 8664 5660 | Registration Number: 3927116 VAT Number: 725 4513 45