http://www.barsso.com/privacy-statement
Our brands
NL
EN
FR
DE
info@barsso.com +32 56 77.33.50
Home
»
Privacy Statement
Barsso NV attaches great importance to protect your privacy and the personal information you provide us. Therefore we explain to you in this Privacy Statement what information we process from you and why we do it. We adhere to the General Data Protection regulation (GDPR). We recommend you to read carefully our Privacy Statement.
This is the website of Barsso NV
Our postal address is:
Houtekietstraat 9 8540 Deerlijk Belgium
Our number for value added tax is BE 0448 063 883
Our company is located at the following address:
Houtekietstraat 9 8540 Deerlijk Belgium
Your personal data, our responsibility
On our website we will collect personal data. These data will be managed by our company.
When you visit our site we will keep the following data:
your domain name (ip address)
your e-mail address in case you put messages/questions on our website
your e-mail address in case you communicate this to us
your e-mail address in case you participate in one of our discussions forums
all information related to the pages of other sites that you have consulted in order to reach our site - all information related to the pages that you have consulted on our website
all information that you have supplied to us voluntarily (such as research information and/or site-registration)
This information will be used:
for improving the content of our website
for being able to contact you for direct marketing purposes
Security
In case we receive or transfer data on our website, we will always use the technologies for codification recognised as being the normal standard within the IT sector. We have made use of the necessary security measures to avoid loss, unjustified use or change of information that we may have received on our site/ In case we would receive or transfer sensitive information, such as for example financial information, we will make use of a secured server.
How to contact us concerning our privacy policy?
In case you want to react to our privacy policy, you can contact us as follows:
via e-mail: info@barsso.com
via phone: +3256773350
by post: Houtekietstraat 9 8540 Deerlijk Belgium
In case you send us your postal address via the web It is possible that you will receive periodical mailings from us with information on products and services and upcoming events. In case you do not want (anymore) to receive such information, please contact us on the above-mentioned address. It is possible that you will receive information on companies/organisations with whom we are connected. These companies/organisations may be part of the following sectors: commercial partners
In case you do not want to receive mailings from these companies/organisations (anymore), please contact us on the above-mentioned address.
PS: In case of the latter you should not forget to give us your exact name and address (correctly spelled). We commit ourselves to delete your data from the list that we use collectively with other companies/organisations.
In case you have communicated your telephone number to us via the web It is possible that you will be contacted by phone by our company with reference to information about our products and our services for upcoming events.
In case you do not want (anymore) to receive such calls, please contact us on the above-mentioned address. It is possible that you will be contacted by other companies/organisations with whom we have contractual obligations. These companies/organisations may be part of the following sectors: - commercial partners
In case you would not like to receive (anymore) such calls, please contact us at the above-mentioned address.
PS: In case of the latter you should not forget to give us your exact name and address (correctly spelled). We commit ourselves to delete your data from the list that we use collectively with other companies/organisations.
In case you communicate us your mobile phone number via the web It is possible that you will be contacted via text messages (SMS/MMS/ed) to supply you with information with reference to our products and our services for upcoming events (for direct marketing purposes) on the condition thatyou have given us your explicit approval or in case you are already customer with us and you have given us your number. In case you do not want (anymore) to receive such messages, please contact us on the above-mentioned address. It is possible that you will receive text messages for direct marketing purposes from other companies/organisations with whom we have contractual obligations on the condition that you have given us your explicit approval.These companies/organisations may be part of the following sectors: - commercial partners In case you do not want us to communicate your mobile phone number anymore to other companies/organisations for receiving of such text messages, please contact us on the above mentioned address.
PS: In case of the latter you should not forget to give us your exact name and address (correctly spelled). We commit ourselves to delete your data from the list that we use collectively with other companies/organisations.
In case you communicate us your e-mail address via the web It is possible that you will be contacted by our company via e-mail to supply you with information with reference to our products and our services for upcoming events (for direct marketing purposes) on the condition that you have given us your explicit approval or in case you are already customer with us and you have given us your e-mail address. In case you do not want (anymore) to receive such e-mails, please contact us on the above-mentioned address. It is possible that you will receive e-mails for direct marketing purposes from other companies/organisations with whom we have contractual obligations on the condition that you have given us your explicit approval. These companies/organisations may be part of the following sectors: - commercial partners In case you do not want us to communicate e-mail address anymore to other companies/organisations for receiving of such text messages, please contact us on the above-mentioned address. PS: In case of the latter you should not forget to give us your exact name and address (correctly spelled). We commit ourselves to delete your data from the list that we use collectively with other companies/organisations.
In case you do not want to receive any mails or phone calls, please contact the Robinson-list of the Belgian Association for Direct Marketing (online: www.robinsonlist.be, free phone number: 0800-91 886 or by post: BDMV, Robinson list, Buro&Design Center, Heizel Esplanade B46, 1020 Brussels, Belgium)
Our company may want to use consumers information for new purposes that may not yet be foreseen in our “privacy policy”. Inthat case, we will contact you before making use of your data for these new purposes, to inform you of the change in our regulations with respect to the protection of personal data and to allow you to refuse your participation.
On request we will allow visitors to our site to access all information on them that we keep on record. In case you would like such access, please contact us on the above mentioned address.
On request we allow visitors to correct information that we have kept on record from them. In case you do want to correct such personal information, please contact us on the above mentioned address.
In case you judge that our site is not in accordance to our privacy policy, please contact: - our company itself, or the above mentioned address
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service offered by Google Inc. ("Google").
Google Analytics uses "cookies" (text files that are placed on your computer) to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) is transferred to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google uses this information to track how you use the website, draw up website activity reports for website operators and to provide other services related to website activity and internet usage.
Google may provide this information to third parties if Google is required by law, or to the extent that these third parties process the information on google's behalf. Google will not combine your IP address with other data available to Google. You can refuse the use of cookies by choosing the appropriate settings in your browser. However, we would like to point out that in that case you may not be able to take advantage of all the possibilities of this website.
By using this website, you consent to google's processing of information in the manner and for the purposes as described above.