https://www.melissabagley.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our top priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to www.melissabagley.com and Melissa Ann Bagley Bagley Photography & Short Films and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Melissa Ann Bagley Photography & Short Films include www.melissabagley.com and Melissa Bagley. By using Melissa Bagley’s website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of Your Personal Information
Melissa Bagley may also collect anonymous demographic information.
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) sending us an email message; (d) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Use of Your Personal Information
Melissa Bagley collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Melissa Bagley may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Melissa Bagley.
Sharing Information With Third Parties
Melissa Bagley does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Melissa Bagley may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send your email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Melissa Bagley, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Melissa Bagley may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith that such an action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Melissa Bagley or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Melissa Bagley; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Melissa Bagley, or the public.
Opt-Out of Disclosure of Personal Information to Third Parties
In connection with any personal information we may disclose to a third party for a business purpose, you have the right to know:
The categories of personal information that we disclosed about your for a business purpose.
You have the right under the California consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and certain other privacy and data protection laws, as applicable, to opt-out of the disclosure of your personal information. If you exercise your right to opt-out of the disclosure of your personal information, we will refrain from disclosing your personal information, unless you subsequently provide express authorization for the the disclosure of your personal information. To opt-out of the disclosure of your personal information, please email us at mb@melissabagley.com
Tracking User Behavior
Melissa Bagley may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Melissa Bagley, in order to determine what Melissa Bagley services/products are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Melissa Bagley to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Melissa Bagley. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of Melissa Bagley website.
Right to Deletion
Subject to certain exceptions set out below, on receipt of the verifiable request from you, we will:
Delete your personal information from our records; and
Direct any service providers to delete your personal information from their records.
Please note that we may not be able to comply with requests to delete your personal information if it is necessary to:
Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, provide a good or service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated with the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between you and us;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for the activity;
Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing indeed functionality;
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by the law;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act;
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us;
Comply with an existing legal obligation; or
Otherwise use your personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
Children Under Thirteen
Melissa Bagley does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe From Third Party Communications
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving and or all communications from third-party partners of Melissa Bagley by contacting us here:
Web page: www.melissabagley.com/contact
Email: mb@melissabagley.com
Phone: 669.400.4885
Changes to This Statement
Melissa Bagley reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Service available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgement of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
Melissa Bagley welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Melissa Bagley has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Melissa Bagley at:
Phone: 669.400.4885
Email Address: mb@melissabagley.com
Effective as of June 5, 2020
Privacy Settings
We use cookies to enhance your experience while using our website. If you are using our Services via a browser you can restrict, block or remove cookies through your web browser settings. We also use content and scripts from third parties that may use tracking technologies. You can selectively provide your consent below to allow such third party embeds. For complete information about the cookies we use, data we collect and how we process them, please check our Privacy Policy
Youtube
Consent to display content from Youtube
Vimeo
Consent to display content from Vimeo
Google Maps
Consent to display content from Google
Save