http://www.kason.com/terms.php
About Us - Kason Corporation
973-467-8140
Toggle navigation
PRODUCTS
PARTS
CONTACT
QUOTE
LAB TESTING
REPS
ABOUT
BLOG
NEWS
TECH LIBRARY
LITERATURE
VIDEOS
IMAGE GALLERY
MEDIA COVERAGE
TRADE SHOWS
APPLICATIONS
MATERIALS HANDLED
SAFETY/INSTALLATION
SPECIALIZED EQUIPMENT
Vibroscreen® Circular Vibratory
Screeners & Separators
Centri-SifterTM Centrifugal
Sifters & Separators
Vibro-Bed® Fluid Bed
Dryers,
Coolers and Moisturizers
Cross-Flo Static Sieve
Screeners & Separators
Sifters, Mixers/Blenders and Size Reduction Equipment
Vibroscreen® Circular
Vibratory Screeners & Separators
Centri-SifterTM Centrifugal
Sifters & Separators
Vibro-BedTM Fluid Bed
Dryers, Coolers & Moisturizers
Cross-Flo Static Sieve
Screeners & Separators
Sifters, Mixers/Blenders and Size Reduction Equipment
Vibroscreen® Circular
Vibratory Screeners & Separators
Centri-SifterTM Centrifugal
Sifters & Separators
Vibro-BedTM Fluid Bed
Dryers, Coolers & Moisturizers
Cross-Flo Static Sieve
Screeners & Separators
Sifters, Mixers/Blenders and Size Reduction Equipment
Vibroscreen® Circular
Vibratory Screeners & Separators
Terms of Use
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Statement outlines how we may use any personally identifiable data about you and the ways in which we protect and treat such data that we collect when you use our site or communicate with us via email.
PERSONAL DATA THAT WE COLLECT
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data:
Data about you (including your Name, Email Address, Contact Number and Business Information).
Data that you provide to us for the purpose of inquiring about our products and services.
Data that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our services, email notifications and/or newsletters.
Any other data that you choose to submit to us.
COOKIES
A cookie consists of data sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The data is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies on the website. We will use the session cookies to: keep track of you whilst you navigate the website, to retain your choices when stepping through multi-page forms. We may use persistent cookies to: enable our website to recognize you when you visit. Persistent cookies may be generated from our website directly and/or a 3rd party service like Google Analytics and SiteSearch360.
Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser. Persistent cookies will remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach a specified expiration date.
Most browsers allow you to reject all cookies, while some browsers allow you to reject just third party cookies. For example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking Tools, Internet Options, Privacy, and selecting Block all cookies using the sliding selector. Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites including sites operated by KASON.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Personal data submitted to us will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the services we provide.
We may use your personal data to:
Enable your use of our services
Send you general (non-marketing) commercial communications
Send you email notifications which you have specifically requested or required to alert you to important business documents, warranty information and/or customer satisfaction survey/inquiry
Send to you our newsletter and other marketing communications relating to our business which we think may be of interest to you by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications)
Deal with inquiries made by you in relation to our services and products
Where you submit personal data for publication on our website, we will publish and otherwise use that data in accordance with the license you grant to us.
We will NOT provide your personal data to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing.
UPDATING DATA
Please let us know if the personal data which we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated by emailing us at info@kason.com
DISCLOSURES
Kason Corporation’s division ‘Kason Europe Ltd’ is registered under the data protection laws in the United Kingdom. Kason and its subsidiaries take all reasonable care to prevent any unauthorized access to your personal data. We may disclose information about you to any of our employees, officers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of engaging in business as set out in this privacy policy.
In addition, we may disclose your personal data:
To the extent that we are required to do so by law;
In connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;
In order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing data to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);
To the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset which we are (or are contemplating) selling; and
To any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal data where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal data.
Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your data to third parties.
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or unauthorized alteration of your personal data.
We will store all the personal data you provide on our secure (password and firewall protected) servers. All electronic transactions you make to or receive from us will be encrypted using SSL technology.
You are responsible for keeping any portal access password and user details confidential. We will not ask you for your password
Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
POLICY AMENDMENTS
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are aware of the latest version.
We may also notify you of changes to our privacy policy by email.
YOUR RIGHTS
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal data we hold about you. Provision of such data will be subject to:
The supply of appropriate evidence of your identity (for this purpose, we will usually accept a photocopy of your passport certified by a solicitor or bank plus an original copy of a utility bill showing your current address)
We may withhold such personal data to the extent permitted by law.
You may instruct us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes by email at any time. In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal data for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of the use of your personal data for marketing purposes.
You may instruct us to remove personal data under your rights of the General Data Protection Regulation. Any removal will be limited to regulatory compliance and what is permitted by law.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND SCRIPTS
The company website may contain links to other websites and embedded scripts sourced from 3rd party websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of those third party websites.
CONTACT
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal data, please write to us by email to info@kason.com or by mail to Kason Corporation, 67 East Willow Street, Millburn, NJ 07041
DATA CONTROLLER
The data controller responsible in respect of the data collected is KASON CORPORATION.
Kason Corporation 67-71 East Willow St., Millburn, New Jersey 07041-1416 Tel: (973) 467-8140 Fax: (973) 258-9533
Separator Engineering Ltd. 4119 Cousens St., St-Laurent, QC H4S 1V6 Canada   Toll Free (Canada only) 877-694-4441   Tel: 514-667-6777 Fax: 514-745-2074
Kason Europe Ltd. "Stoke-on-Trent Office" Units 12 & 13 Park Hall Business Village, Park Hall Road, Longton, Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, ST3 5XA   Tel: 01782-597540 Fax: 01782-597549
Kason Europe Ltd. "Macclesfield Office" Springwood Way, Macclesfield, Cheshire, SK10 2ND, UK   Tel:+44 (0) 1625 665 999 Fax: +44 (0) 1625 665 998
Follow us on:
© Kason Corporation | Sitemap | Terms of Use / Privacy Policy