https://www.dailygrill.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Daily Grill Privacy Policy
Effective Date: June 1, 2017
Grill Concepts, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates (referred to collectively as “We,” “our”, “us”, or “GCI”) recognizes and respects the privacy of visitors to this Site and has created this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy. We are committed to providing you with services that you are confident in using. We want you to be fully informed about the information that we collect, why we collect it, and with whom we share it. It is our hope that, after reading this notice, you will understand our commitment to privacy and be confident that we will use your information responsibly. By accessing this Site or otherwise using GCI’s services, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy will change from time to time to reflect changes in how we do business and changes in services available to you through our Site. You may access the most recent policy by clicking on the “Privacy Policy” link on our home page. Because this policy may be revised from time to time, we encourage you to check here periodically for policy updates.
Site Use Information
Cookies
Email
Personally Identifiable Information
Loyalty Program
Credit Card Information
Join Our Team
Reservations
Gift Cards
Sharing Non-Personally Identifiable Information
Sharing Personally Identifiable Information
Child Privacy
Security
Your California Privacy Rights
Terms of Use, Notices and Changes to This Privacy Policy
We Welcome Your Questions and Comments
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect and use information about you where we reasonably believe it will help us administer our business or provide products, services or other opportunities to you. Among other things, we use the information we learn about you to help us personalize and improve the experience you have with us, to respond to your requests and to communicate with you. The types of information we collect, retain and use include the following:
Site Use Information:
You are free to visit parts of our Site anonymously (without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself), but if you choose to make a purchase or submit information to join our team you may be required to register as described below.
We gather usage information while you use the Site and transfer the information to our servers as frequently as nightly. Our web servers track and collect the visitor’s domain name and IP address, but not the email address. This information is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the Site, pages viewed, the items you may have purchased or bid on, and so on.
GCI may use this information (“Site Usage Information”) to measure the use of our Site and to improve the content of our Site. We may share with third parties such as marketing or service providers’ experiential information or other data which does not personally identify you or other users of our Site. This might include product or service preferences of all visitors to our Site, for example.
GCI does not collect any other information about you online which would personally identify you other than the Personally Identifiable Information described below.
Cookies:
Like many web sites we use “cookies” to identify your computer and to enable us to remember your password, to help us identify the portions of our Site that may be the most relevant for your needs, and to help us identify other products or services that may be of interest to you or others. A cookie is a small piece of information that a web site can store on your web browser and then retrieve at a later time. We use cookies to track the portions of our Site you visit. However, we do not use cookies to examine your surfing behavior before or after you leave our Site. There are products commercially available that are designed to help you disable cookies. Although we want you to be aware that such products exist, please note that if you choose to use them we will not be able to provide you with a personalized service, and it may result in certain features and services not being available to you.
Personally Identifiable Information:
GCI collects certain information from you if you choose to submit it on our Site or if you send us an email or make a purchase from us online (“Personally Identifiable Information”). This information helps us to identify you and to personalize our services to you.
Email:
We welcome you to join our email list by submitting your name, address, email address and closest restaurant location. If you send us an inquiry or request by e-mail, we will retain your e-mail address after we respond to your request or inquiry. We may use your e-mail address to contact you in the future with product or service information which we believe may be of interest to you.
Join Our Loyalty Program:
The Grill Concepts loyalty programs (“The Grill on the Alley VIP”, “Daily Grill VIP”, and “Public School A-List”, known collectively as the “Programs”) are promotional programs that are offered as a benefit for GCI’s loyal guests at participating locations, subject to the Programs’ terms and conditions and all applicable laws. Please visit us at www.thegrill.com, www.dailygrill.com or www.psontap.com to join, review the current Terms and Conditions, participating locations or any other additional information regarding the Programs.
Credit Card Information:
If you make a purchase on our Site, we might ask you for your credit card information in addition to the registration Information. This will include the credit card number and expiration date, billing address and name on the account (“Credit Card Information”). GCI does not keep your Credit Card Information on file and you will need to re-enter your Credit Card Information each time you make a purchase provided that for certain transactions such as on-line ordering, you might have the option of saving your credit card information for future use through a third party on-line ordering service. For additional information regarding this, please review the on-line orders section below.
Join Our Team:
You may look for job openings and submit your job application using the SilkRoad.com service on our Site. We collect information through your application including work authorization status, education, employment history, gender, ethnicity, military and disability status in addition to your Personally Identifiable Information. Access to this feature is limited to registered users who must use their email address and a password to enter. When you provide information on www.SilkRoad.com you are submitting the information under SilkRoad.com’s own privacy policy. SilkRoad.com is not owned or controlled by GCI and their privacy policy may differ from ours. We encourage you to read their privacy policy before providing information.
Reservations:
You may make reservations at many of our restaurants using a third party reservation service on our Site such as OpenTable. These services may require you to provide your name, telephone number and email address when you make a reservation. When you provide information in this way you are submitting the information under the privacy policy of that third party service, which is not owned or controlled by GCI and their privacy policy may differ from ours. We encourage you to read their privacy policy before providing information.
Gift Cards:
You may purchase gift cards for our restaurants using the service on our Site provided through CashStar. You will be asked to provide your name, email address, Credit Card Information and other information when you place the order. When you provide information to CashStar, you are submitting the information under CashStar.com’s own privacy policy. CashStar is not owned or controlled by GCI and their privacy policy may differ from ours. We encourage you to read their privacy policy before providing information.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Sharing Non-Personally Identifiable Information:
We may share with third parties information, including Site Usage Information, which is based on our experiential or other data which does not personally identify any of our users. We may share this non-personally identifiable information with our agents, outside vendors or third parties who perform functions on our behalf (such as providing marketing or customer assistance).
Sharing Personally Identifiable Information:
We are not in the business of selling, renting or sharing your Personally Identifiable Information to or with others, but we may share your information with our affiliated companies. We do not reveal Personally Identifiable Information about you to unaffiliated third parties, unless: (1) you request or authorize it; (2) the information is provided to help complete a transaction for you; (3) the information is provided to comply with the law, applicable regulations, court orders, subpoenas, or requests from governmental entities, to enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements, or to protect our rights, property or safety or the rights, property or safety of our users or others (e.g., to a consumer reporting agency for fraud protection etc.); (4) the disclosure is done as part of a purchase, transfer or sale of services or assets (e.g., in the event that substantially all of our assets are acquired by another party, customer information may be one of the transferred assets); or (5) the information is provided to our agents, outside vendors or service providers to perform functions on our behalf (e.g., analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing customer service, providing employment assistance, etc.).
CHILD PRIVACY
Because of the nature of our business, our products and services are not designed to appeal to minors, and therefore we do not knowingly attempt to solicit or receive any information from children. Our terms and conditions of use require that any registration may only be made by those over the age of 18 and that any product or service purchases may only be made by those over the age of 18. By using our services, you are representing that you are an adult (at least 18 years of age) or have the permission from a parent or legal guardian to use our service. If we have reason to believe that information is being provided by a child under the age of 18, GCI will not collect the information without parental consent or parent notification, which will include the opportunity for the parent to prevent the use of the information or to prevent the child’s participation in the activity. Without parental consent, online information will only be used to respond to an unsolicited request and for no other purposes. We recognize that protecting children’s identities and privacy online is important and that the responsibility to do so rests with both the online industry and with parents.
We encourage parents or guardians to monitor the use of this Site by children to insure that they are not exposed to material that the parent or guardian may find objectionable. Parents are also encouraged to use parental control capabilities within their internet software to assist in their efforts to limit access to certain sites.
SECURITY AND ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION
Security:
We maintain procedures to help prevent unauthorized access to confidential information about you. Our Site uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to protect your Personally Identifiable Information. As long as the web browser you are using supports SSL, your information will be submitted to us with a high level of security.
We have procedures limiting employee access to Personally Identifiable Information to those employees who have a business reason to know such information about you. We train our employees about the importance of confidentiality and maintaining the security of your information. We take appropriate disciplinary measures to enforce our employee’s privacy responsibilities.
While we take reasonable measures to prevent the loss or misuse of the information that you provide to us, including but not limited to, your Personally Identifiable Information, the transmission of data over the internet is not 100% secure due to factors beyond our control. Therefore we cannot guarantee that your Personally Identifiable Information or any other information collected by us will be completely secure from misappropriation by hackers or other third parties or from other criminal activities.
Your California Privacy Rights:
This section supplements our privacy policy with additional information for California residents only. The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides specific protections and rules with respect to California’s own definition of “Personal Information,” which includes information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual or household. As noted above, we collect information that you provide directly when you register for or use the Services, user credentials that you supply directly when you register for or update your login information to use the Services, demographic data, payment data, device data, usage data, location data, information about your interests and preferences, third party integrations, and other third party data. The information below provides additional detail on the categories of Personal Information we collect and the purposes for which we use Personal Information.
Personal Identifiers (e.g., name, email address, and date of birth):
Marketing (including advertising, customer acquisition and lead generation, performance media, audience segmentation, event organization, web traffic analytics, brand promotion and analytics, surveys and consumer research, campaigns, management of influencer and other partner relationships, social media content distribution and analytics, mobile application communications, contest administration, and customer engagement and analytics)
Operational purposes (including order processing, payment, gift card, voucher and coupon processing, receipt processing, anti-fraud, sales data reporting, provision of food truck services, third-party delivery coordination, and mobile application and kiosk services and analytics)
Employment and recruiting (including conducting background checks and employment eligibility verification, for interview purposes, payroll administration and employee timekeeping, benefit administration, creation of tax forms, office administration, business expense processing, industry benchmarking, and internal communications)
Investor relations (including communicating with potential investors, processing stock purchases and transfers, distributing proxy statements and collecting shareholder votes, giving investor presentations, and contacting shareholders)
Development and real estate for the purpose of expanding the Services
Business relationship management
Customer service
Charitable giving
Legal compliance
Other personal information (e.g., drivers license, credit card number, health insurance information):
Marketing (including surveys and consumer research, and management of influencer and other partner relationships)
Operational purposes (including order processing, payment, gift card, voucher and coupon processing, receipt processing, anti-fraud, sales data reporting, and mobile application and kiosk services and analytics)
Employment and recruiting (including payroll administration and benefit administration)
Development and real estate investment for the purpose of expanding the Service
Legal compliance
Demographic information (e.g., gender, familial status, and citizenship status):
Marketing (including surveys and consumer research, and social media content distribution and analytics)
Operational purposes (including mobile application services)
Employment and recruiting (including conducting background checks and employment eligibility verification, payroll administration, and benefit administration)
Investor relations (including giving investor presentations)
Charitable giving
Legal compliance
Commercial information (e.g., purchasing activity):
Marketing (including surveys and consumer research, and mobile application management and communications)
Operational purposes (including order processing and oversight, payment, gift card, voucher and coupon processing, receipt processing, anti-fraud, sales data reporting and analysis, third-party delivery coordination, mobile application and kiosk services and analytics, inventory management, and financial auditing)
Investor relations (including processing stock purchases and transfers)
Development and real estate purposes
Customer service
Biometric information (e.g., eye color):
Employment and recruiting
Internet or other electronic activity information (e.g., clickstream data and information regarding interaction with a web site):
Marketing (including customer acquisition and lead generation, audience segmentation, web traffic and search engine analytics, brand promotion and analytics, surveys and consumer research, campaigns, management of influencer relationships, social media content analytics, mobile application management and communications, contest administration, providing mobile store locator services, and customer engagement and analytics)
Operational purposes (including anti-fraud, and mobile application and kiosk services and analytics)
Employment and recruiting
Investor relations (including communicating with potential investors)
Customer service
Charitable giving
Legal compliance
Geolocation data (e.g., mobile device location):
Marketing (including social media content distribution and providing mobile store locator services)
Operational purposes (including anti-fraud)
Audio, electronic, or visual information (e.g., photographs):
Marketing (including advertising)
Customer and employee safety
Legal compliance
Customer service and quality assurance
Detecting security incidents
Professional or employment-related information (e.g., employment history, educational information):
Marketing (including lead generation and management of influencer and other partner relationships)
Operational purposes (including third-party delivery coordination, order processing and oversight)
Employment and recruiting (including for interview purposes, selecting candidates, payroll administration and employee timekeeping, benefit administration, creation of tax forms, office administration, business expense processing, industry benchmarking, and internal communications)
Investor relations (including giving investor presentations)
Business relationship management
Legal compliance
Customer order information (e.g., order number):
Operational purposes (including order processing, inventory management, and menu management)
Customer service
Inferences drawn from personal information (e.g., preferences):
Marketing (including audience segmentation, campaigns, management of influencer and other partner relationships, social media content distribution and analytics, and customer engagement and analytics)
Employment and recruiting
Employee tax-related information (e.g., garnishments and tax remittance):
Employment and recruiting (including payroll administration)
Legal compliance
Other shareholder information (e.g., voting records):
Investor relations (including contacting shareholders)
Miscellaneous categories of consumer information (e.g., household income, dietary habits, allergies):
Marketing (including surveys and consumer research and mobile application communications)
Operational purposes (including order processing and mobile application and kiosk services and analytics)
In accordance with the CCPA, California residents have the right to request that we disclose the following information about our collection and use of “Personal Information,” over the twelve months prior to your requests:
The categories of Personal Information we collect about you.
The categories of sources for the Personal Information we collect about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that Personal Information.
The specific pieces of Personal Information collected about you.
If we disclosed your Personal Information for a business purpose, a list of the categories of Personal Information we have disclosed in the prior twelve months.
If we sold your Personal Information for a business purpose, a list of the categories of Personal Information we have sold in the prior twelve months.
You also have the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Information.
In some circumstances we may not be able to honor your request for deletion – for example, if we need to hold on to your information to protect the security or functionality of our operations, to service your account, or to comply with legal obligations.
To ask for a record of the information we hold about you, or to ask us to delete your information, please visit
https://www.grillconcepts.com/privacy-request/ or call us at (844) 766-8973.
You must provide enough information that we can verify who you are and that you are a California resident.
We will only use personal information provided in a request to verify the requester’s identity and authority to make the request.
We do not sell your information to any third party.
We will not deny services, charge different prices, offer a different quality of service or otherwise discriminate against your for exercising your rights under the CCPA.
TERMS OF USE, NOTICES AND CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
As our business changes from time to time, this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use are expected to change from time to time, and we reserve the right to change the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use at any time. The use of your information is subject to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use in effect at the time of use. The provisions contained herein supersede all previous notices or statements regarding our privacy practices. We may post any changes to the Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use on our Site. We encourage you to check our Site frequently to see the current Policy in effect and any changes that may have been made to it.
By choosing to visit our Site you agree that any dispute over privacy or the terms contained in this Privacy Policy, our Terms of Use (incorporated herein by reference) or any other agreement we have with you, will be governed by the law of the State of California. In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use, then the Terms of Use shall control. You also agree to arbitrate such disputes and to abide by any limitation on damages contained in our Terms of Use or other agreement we have with you.
WE WELCOME YOUR QUESTIONS AND COMMENTS
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or if you believe that we have not adhered to this Privacy Policy, please contact GCI at info@thegrill.com or write to us at Grill Concepts, Inc., 6171 West Century Blvd Suite 360 Los Angeles, CA 90045. Tel: (818) 251-7000.
Copyright © 2017, Grill Concepts, Inc.  All Rights Reserved.
Reserve a Table
show reservation widget
Select Location
Burbank, CA
Century Blvd, CA
Denver, CO
Houston, TX
Palm Desert, CA
Rohnert Park, CA
Tulsa, OK
Washington, DC
CLOSE
To provide the best online user experience, Daily Grill uses website cookies for performance analytics and remarketing. We use your browser location, where authorized, to help you locate your nearest Daily Grill location. By continuing to browse this website, you accept the use of cookies and your browser location according to our Privacy Policy.