https://www.leonardgreen.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
|
Leonard Green & Partners
Terms of Use – Leonard Green & Partners
Home
Team
Philosophy
Portfolio
Contact
Investor Login
Investor Login
Terms of use
Effective Date: April 1, 2020
PRIVACY POLICY AND TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Thank you for visiting the website of Leonard Green & Partners, L.P. (“LGP” or “we”). These Terms and Conditions govern your access and use of this website. LGP may change, add or remove portions of the Terms and Conditions from time to time. Your use of this website indicates your full acceptance of these Terms and Conditions each time you access the website. If you do not accept all or any of the Terms and Conditions, you must cease use of this website immediately. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and Conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
The information made available to you through this website does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase interests in any fund sponsored by LGP. Any such offer or solicitation will be made only through a private offering pursuant to a confidential private placement memorandum and related subscription documents. Although this website may include investment-related information, nothing on this website is a recommendation that you purchase, sell or hold any security or other investment, or that you pursue any investment style or strategy.  Any investments referred to on this website are included as representative investments only and are not necessarily reflective of the overall investment performance of LGP. Nothing on this website is intended to be, and you should not consider anything on this website to be, investment, accounting, tax or legal advice.
PRIVACY POLICY
LGP respects the privacy of visitors to this website. This Privacy Policy governs the online information collection practices of LGP. It outlines the types of information that we gather about you while you are using this website, and the ways in which we use and do not use this information. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that we may collect offline and/or through other means.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We may use non-personally identifiable information collected from you and other users to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics. These aggregated statistics may be used to improve this website and for other business purposes. This website may also collect information through a variety of technical methods, including cookies. We may use cookies to store information such as which of our web pages you have visited and other session information so that we can better understand how the website is used, resolve technical problems, monitor traffic, and enhance your experience at this website.
Personally Identifiable Information
If you proactively submit information to us through this website, we may record and use any personally identifiable information that you provide, such as your name, telephone number and e-mail address. This information may be used to fulfill your request or for internal business purposes. At this time, LGP does not provide any such information to affiliates or third parties.
We may use service providers to operate our website and employ other third parties to perform work on our behalf, such as hosting this website or operating our investor portal. These persons may have access to the personally identifiable information you submit through this website, but only for the purpose of performing their duties in connection with this website.
Keeping Your Personal Information Secure
We will take appropriate technical and organizational measures to keep your information confidential and secure in accordance with our internal procedures covering the storage, access and disclosure of information. Information may be kept on our information technology systems, in the information technology systems of our third-party service providers, or in paper files.
How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Information?
If we collect any personal information, we will retain such personal information for the period necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purposes of collecting such personal information. For example, we may retain personal information we obtain from you when we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so, or to fulfill an ongoing contract with you or your employer.
If we collect any personal information when we have no ongoing legitimate business need or legal obligation to process your personal data, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal data has been stored in back-up archives), we will store your personal data securely and isolate it from further processing until deletion is possible.
What Rights Do California Residents Have?
Under the CCPA, residents domiciled in California have certain rights with respect to their personal information.  In particular, you may have the right to:
Request that we disclose, free of charge, the categories and specifics of any “personal information,” as defined under the CCPA (“PI”), we collect about California residents (and/or, if applicable, sell or otherwise disclose to a third party for business purposes).
Choose to opt-out of the sale of any personal information we collect. Currently, however, we do not sell personal information.
Request that we delete any PI we have collected. Following our verification of the request, we will comply with the request and delete any or all the PI in our possession that we collected from the California resident and/or any or all such PI in the possession of our service providers, unless otherwise restricted by law or regulation.
Non-Discrimination for Exercising Your CCPA Right.
We follow the requirements of California Civil Code §1798.125, and will not discriminate against any consumer who exercises the rights under the CCPA.
Use of Cookies and Similar Technologies
Visiting and navigating the site will likely involve some collection and storage of your personal information. We may use cookies and similar technologies to provide, protect, and improve our products and services, such as by personalizing content, offering and measuring advertisements, understanding user behavior, and providing a safer experience.
We may gather certain information automatically. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer the site.
Some of the personal information we may collect may be obtained with third-party automated collection tools on the site, such as cookies or web beacons that capture information sent from your web browser to the site. You can remove or reject cookies using your browser or device settings, but in some cases doing so may affect your ability to obtain Information or access our services.
For additional information, please review our Cookie Policy.
Updates to this Website Privacy Policy
We may update this website privacy policy from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our website privacy policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material changes if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws, acts or regulations.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns concerning this website privacy policy or the way we process your personal data, or if you wish to exercise your data privacy rights as described above, please contact us here or by telephone at (310) 954-0444, and ask to speak to the Chief Compliance Officer.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Restrictions on Use of Website
You may not access this website or use the information contained herein for any illegal purpose or in any manner inconsistent with the Terms and Conditions. You warrant that when using this website you will not violate or facilitate any violation of any applicable local, state, federal or international law, statute, regulation, code or ordinance, including regulations promulgated by or the rules of any national or other securities exchange. Permission to use this website shall terminate automatically if you breach any of the Terms and Conditions contained herein.
You agree to access this website and use the information contained herein solely for your own noncommercial use and benefit, and not for resale or other transfer or disposition to, or use by or for the benefit of, any other person or entity. You agree not to use, transfer, distribute or dispose of any information contained in this website in any manner that could damage the business of LGP or its portfolio companies.
Prior written permission from LGP is required for making more than a personal use copy of the content of this website or for copying large portions of this website, such as by bots, robots or spiders that “harvest” the site.  If you seek permission for such use of this website, you must contact us here.
We may investigate occurrences that may involve violations of the security of this website or of the law and we may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are involved in such violations. We reserve the right to disclose any information about you or your use of our website in connection with any investigations by us or law enforcement authorities.
We cannot and do not assure that other users are or will be complying with these Terms and Conditions, and, as between you and us, you hereby assume all risk of harm or injury resulting from any such lack of compliance.
Linking and Framing
We do not permit others to link to or frame this website or any portion thereof.
Please note that this Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions applies only to this website and not to other websites that may be accessible from this website via hyperlink. We are responsible only for the content of our own website. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and terms and conditions of all other websites that you visit.
Ownership
All content included on this website, such as graphics, logos, articles and other materials, is the property of LGP or others and is protected by copyright and other laws. All trademarks and logos displayed on this website are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with our organization. Any unauthorized use thereof may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity and other applicable regulations and statutes.
Submissions
The information on these pages is intended solely for the benefit of persons who might be aware of investment opportunities that would interest LGP. Please be advised that any comments, suggestions, ideas or other information that you send to us through our website will not be treated as confidential, and that we will own and have the right to use them as we choose, without payment to you. LGP’s services are provided only to a limited number of private investment funds; LGP does not make its services available to the public.
International Use
Due to the global nature of the Internet, this website may be accessed by users in countries other than the United States. We make no warranties that materials on this website are appropriate or available for use in such locations. If it is illegal or prohibited in your country of origin to access or use this website, then you should not do so. Those who choose to access this site outside the United States do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with all local laws and regulations.
Financial Information
Although we intend to provide accurate and up-to-date information on this website, at times there may be errors in the information provided. We may not be able promptly to update or correct information even if we are aware that it is inaccurate, outdated or otherwise inappropriate.  Therefore, this website is provided on an “as is” basis with no warranties of any kind. We do not warrant that the information on this website is accurate, reliable, up-to-date or correct, that this website will be available at any particular time or location, or that this website is free of viruses or other harmful components. Your use of this site and use or reliance upon any of its content is solely at your own risk. Neither LGP nor any of our members, officers, directors, employees or agents are responsible for any damages, liabilities or injury, including but not limited to indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages, or for any lost profits or losses, however caused, arising out of your use of (or inability to use) this website or these Terms of Use.
Limitations of Liability
We are not responsible for any damages or injury, including special or consequential damages, that result from your use of (or inability to use) this website (including our investor portal), including any damages or injury caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation, computer virus, line failure, or other computer malfunction. Your use of this website and reliance upon any of the materials on it is solely at your own risk. We cannot guarantee the security of this website. Electronic communications can be intercepted by third parties and, accordingly, transmissions made to or from links in this website may not be secure. Communications to LGP from links in this website, including any communications containing investment ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques which may be considered confidential or proprietary by the sender, will not be treated as confidential or proprietary by LGP.
Indemnity
By accessing this website, you agree to indemnify us and our affiliates, and our and their respective partners, stockholders, members, managers, officers, directors, employees and agents (collectively, the “LGP Indemnitees”) against, and hold the LGP Indemnitees harmless from, any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising from your use of this website. You hereby release the LGP Indemnitees from any and all claims, demands, debts, obligations, damages (actual, consequential or special), costs and expenses of any kind whatsoever that you may have against the LGP Indemnitees arising out of or in any way related to such disputes.
Governing Law and Venue
You agree that your use of this website and any disputes relating to this website and/or this Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of California. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to this website and/or this Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions shall be filed, and that venue properly lies, only in state or federal courts located in Los Angeles, California, and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action.
Miscellaneous
Any failure or delay by us in enforcing an obligation or exercising a right under this Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions does not amount to a waiver of that obligation, or right or any other obligation or right. If any term or provision hereof is illegal or invalid for any reason whatsoever, such term or provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permitted by law and, in any event, such illegality or invalidity shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions.
Questions and Contact Information
If you have any questions or concerns about this website and/or this Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions please email us here.
Terms of Use
© 2020 Leonard Green & Partners, L.P. All rights reserved.