https://www.morningstarco.com/privacy-policy/
COVID-19 UPDATE
Learn MoreSkip to content
Privacy Policygall_admin2020-07-15T13:42:07-07:00Privacy Policy
LAST UPDATED: April 27, 20201. IntroductionOur Core Beliefs Regarding User Privacy and Data Protection
User privacy and data protection are a necessity and our duty. We will never sell, rent, or distribute your personal data. We will not make your personal information public without your consent.This Privacy Policy applies to all the products, services, websites and apps offered by The Morning Star Company, and other Morning Star affiliates or enterprises (collectively “Morning Star”), except where otherwise noted. We refer to those products, services, websites, and apps collectively as the “services” in this policy. Unless otherwise noted in your contract, our services are provided by The Morning Star Company inside of the United.Reference to personal information or just information, means information about you personally that we collect or for which we act as custodian.2. Information we collect2.1 Who are “you”?We refer to “you” a lot in this Privacy Policy. To better understand what information is most relevant to you, see the following useful definitions.Website VisitorYou are just visiting one of our websites because you are Curious, or you have heard about us from our marketing and sales channels!2.2 Information we collect about you.Contact Information (for example name or email address).
You might provide us with your contact information, whether through use of our services, a form on our website, an interaction with our sales or customer support team, or a response to one of Morning Star’s own surveys.Usage information.
We collect usage information about you whenever you interact with our websites and services. This includes which webpages you visit, what you click on when you perform those actions, and so on.Device and browser data.
We collect information from the device and application you use to access our services. Device data mainly means your IP address, operating system version, device type, device ID/MAC address, system and performance information, and browser type. If you are on a mobile device, we also collect the UUID for that device.Information from page tags.
We use first-party and third-party cookies and tracking services that employ cookies and page tags (also known as web beacons) to collect data about visitors to our websites. This data includes usage and user statistics. Emails sent by Morning Star or by users through our services also include page tags that allow the sender to collect information about who opened those emails and clicked on links in them. We provide more information on cookies below (#10) and in our Cookies Policy.Log Data.
Like most websites today, our web servers keep log files that record data each time a device accesses those servers. The log files contain data about the nature of each access, including originating IP addresses, internet service providers, the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system versions, device type, and timestamps.Referral information.
If you arrive at a Morning Star website from an external source (such as a link on another website or in an email), we record information about the source that referred you to us.Information from third parties and integration partners.
We collect your personal information from third parties where, for example, you give permission to those third parties to share your information with us or where you have made that information publicly available online.3. Personalized MarketingYou can opt-out from direct marketing in your account and we provide opt-out options in all direct marketing emails. Finally, if you do not wish to see personalized marketing content on the web related to our service you can clear the cookies in your browser settings.4. CommentsShould you choose to add a comment on our site, the name and email address you enter with your comment will be saved to this website’s database, along with your computer’s IP address and the time and date that you submitted the comment. This information is only used to identify you as a contributor to the comment section of the respective blog post and is not passed on to any of the third-party data processors detailed below. Only your name you supplied will be shown on the public-facing website.Your comments and the associated personal data will remain on this site until we see fit to either remove the comment or remove the blog post.5. Forms and Email Newsletter Submissions on the WebsiteIf you choose to subscribe to our email newsletter or submit a form on our website, the email address that you submit to us will be forwarded to a third-party marketing platform service company. Your email address will remain within their database for as long as we continue to use the third-party marketing company’s services for the sole purpose of email marketing or until you specifically request removal from the list.You can do this by unsubscribing using the unsubscribe links contained in any email newsletters that we send you or by requesting removal via email. When requesting removal via email, please send your email to us using the email account that is subscribed to the mailing list.We do not sell your personal information to third parties. We may share a limited amount of data with listed Third-Party data processors only towards servicing your requests or improving our offering.
6. Email Links
We only receive an email when a user mails us using an email link. There are no third-party data processors or intermediaries involved.The data is collated into an email and sent to us over the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP). Our SMTP servers are protected by TLS (sometimes known as SSL) meaning that the email content is encrypted before being sent across the internet. The email content is then decrypted by our local computers and devices.7. Important Notice: Minors Sharing Personal InformationIf you are under 16 years of age you MUST obtain parental consent before: submitting a form, posting a comment on our blog, and subscribing to our email newsletter.8. Accessing/Deleting Personal InformationShould you wish to view or delete your personal information, please Contact Us with the email address used, your name, and deletion request.9. Third-Party Data ProcessorsWe use a number of third parties to process personal data on our behalf. These third parties have been carefully chosen and all of them comply with the legislation set out in the Relevant Legislation section below (#12)10. Cookie PolicyWe and our enterprise company’s use of cookies and similar technologies on our websites. For more information see our Cookies Policy.11. Data BreachesWe will report any unlawful data breach of this website’s database or the database(s) of any of our third-party data processors to any and all relevant persons and authorities within 72 hours of the breach if it is apparent that personal data stored in an identifiable manner has been stolen.12. Relevant LegislationAlong with our business and internal computer systems, this website is designed to comply with the following national and international legislation with regards to data protection and user privacy:EU General Data Protection Regulation 2018 (GDPR)
California Consumer Privacy Act 2018 (CCPA)13. Changes to Our Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy may change from time to time to conform to legislation and/or industry developments. We will not explicitly inform our clients or website users of these changes. Instead, we recommend that you check this page occasionally for any policy changes.
Our site uses cookies. By continuing to use our site you are agreeing to our cookies policy. AcceptRefuse