http://www.lodgingresources.com/privacy.aspx
Home
Aspiring Innkeepers
Aspiring Innkeeper Seminars
Custom Seminars
Bed & Breakfast and Inns for Sale
How Big Is SMALL?
Purchase Consultation
Renovation, Restoration or New Construction
Feasiblity
Business Plans
Marketing Plans
Financing
Start-up Procedures A-Z
Inn Operations Training
Innkeepers
Business Review
Marketing Plans
Business & Operations Consulting
Operational Policies & Procedures
Staffing
Staff Training
Bed & Breakfast Bootcamp
Exit Strategies
What Is Your Inn Worth?
Bed & Breakfasts and Inns for Sale
Industry News
Resources and Links
Blog
Contact Us
You are here :: Home
Privacy Statement
Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology
that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy
applies to the Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. Web site and governs data collection and usage.
By using the Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. website, you consent to the data practices described
in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail
address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. also
collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as
your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically
collected by Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc.. This information can include: your IP address,
browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This
information is used by Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. for the operation of the service, to
maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use
of the Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information
or personally sensitive data through Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. public message boards,
this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc.
does not read any of your private online communications.
Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites
you choose to link to from Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. so that you can understand how those
Web sites collect, use and share your information. Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. is not responsible
for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc.
and Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. collects and uses your personal information to operate the Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc.
Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. also uses
your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services
available from Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. and its affiliates. Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. may also
contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services
or of potential new services that may be offered.
Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business
partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases,
your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone
number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc.
may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send
you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All
such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to
provide these services to Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc., and they are required to maintain
the confidentiality of your information.
Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such
as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within
Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc., in order to determine what Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. services are
the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising
within Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested
in a particular subject area.
Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice,
only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is
necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process
served on Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or
property of Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc.; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect
the personal safety of users of Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc., or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online
experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page
server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the
domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save
you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned
to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. pages, or
register with Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. site or services, a cookie helps Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc.
to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process
of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses,
and so on. When you return to the same Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. Web site, the information
you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc.
features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically
accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies
if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience
the interactive features of the Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. secures your personal information from unauthorized access,
use or disclosure. Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. secures the personally identifiable information
you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from
unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit
card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use
of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect
company and customer feedback. Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. encourages you to periodically
review this Statement to be informed of how Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. is protecting your
information.
Contact Information
Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. has not adhered to this Statement, please
contact Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc. at helen@lodgingresources.com.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the
problem.
Home | Aspiring Innkeepers | Innkeepers | Industry News | Resources and Links | Contact Us
Privacy Statement
|
Terms Of Use
Copyright 2020 Lodging Resources Workshops, Inc.