http://www.openfos.com/doc/privacypolicy.htm
Openfos The US B2B Directory
Customer sign in
User ID
Password
Home
List Your Company
How It Works
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
What information does Openfos receive and how do we use it?
When you register for Openfos, we ask you for your name, contact information, and basic company information.
These information lets us provide you personalized services and communicate separately with you.
We also use aggregated information about the use of our services to evaluate our users' preferences and improve our programming.
Like most websites, we use small bits of data called cookies stored on users' computers to simulate a continuous connection.
Cookies let us "remember" information about your preferences and allow you to move within our Service without reintroducing yourself.
Recent versions of Openfos browsers let you easily see and control cookies.
May I choose what information I disclose?
There is certain information we need to register you as a unique user and let you access personalized services such as the Openfos Marketing Center.
Other requested information is optional and may be given at your discretion.
What if I need to review or change the personal information I previously disclosed?
We encourage Openfos members to update and edit their personal information and keep it current.
You can easily correct or update your personal information at any time by visiting your account management section and make necessary changes.
What kind of security is used to protect my information?
We store all user information in secure databases protected by a variety of access controls.
Access to this data is limited to a minimum number of employees and this data is accessed only for the purposes specified in this privacy statement.
Who has access to my information?
We do not share personally identifiable data with other companies (apart from those acting as our agents in providing our Service to you, who agree to use it only for that purpose),
except when it is necessary to fulfill a transaction you have requested or you otherwise give us permission to do so.
Openfos may also share such information in response to the legal process, such as a court order or subpoena.
What about other companies featured on Openfos?
You may separately agree to provide your information to other companies who provide content for various parts of our Service,
in order to use their services or receive offers from them.
If you agree to provide information to these companies, that information will be subject to their privacy policies.
Who should I contact if I have any questions regarding my privacy?
Please contact us directly with any questions or comments.
This site uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when the site is visited. Google, as a third party vendor, uses the DoubleClick cookie to serve ads to users based on their visit to this site and to other sites on the Internet. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites to advertise goods and services. For more information about this practice and your choices about not having this information used by these companies, go to http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html.
Add a Business
|   Advertise with Us
About Openfos.com
|   How It Works
|   Contact Us
|   Terms of Use
|
Privacy Policy
|
Alphabetical List
©
2006-2020 Openfos.com. All rights reserved. Last modified Dec 11, 2020. No portion of this site may be copied, retransmitted, reposted, duplicated or otherwise used without the express written permission of openfos.com.