http://www.yamaha-motor.co.uk/gb/en/privacy/legal-statement/
You are about to leave this website. Are you sure?
I agree, take me there
Cancel
Yes, I agree
No, I refuse
Find out more
We use cookies to help us understand our website visitors so we can improve our website, products, services and marketing efforts.
Cookies on Yamaha Motor's website
On our website (yamaha-motor.eu) – and any local versions thereof - we, Yamaha Motor Europe N.V., its branch offices and its related affiliates, use cookies, including techniques similar to cookies, such as javascript and web beacons. We use functional cookies to allow our website to function properly and provide basic functionalities of our website to you, such as remembering your login credentials and language preferences. We also use analytics cookies to generate user statistics on a privacy-friendly basis in line with the guidelines of data protection authorities to help us understand how visitors use our website and to improve our website, products, services and marketing efforts.
If you provide your consent via the button below, we will also use tracking/advertisement cookies and social media cookies:
Tracking/advertisement cookies to show you relevant advertisements of our products and services tailored to you on our website and on websites of third parties, including social media platforms such as Facebook, based on your browsing behaviour on our website, such as products and services viewed, items added to your shopping basket, and items you have purchased, and on websites of third parties and your interests derived from such browsing behaviour.
Social media cookies to provide you the option to watch videos on our website (via e.g. YouTube), and also to allow you to easily share content from our website on social media, such as Facebook. These are cookies of third party social media providers and allow those social media providers to track your browsing behaviour across the internet and use it for their own purposes.
If you would like to receive all the functionalities of our website, and see offers and advertisements tailored to your interests, please accept the tracking/advertisement and social media cookies by clicking on the accept button. If you do not wish to accept these cookies or wish to accept only specific categories of cookies (such asonly the social media cookies), please click on the "customise your cookies settings" button below. You can also change your settings and withdraw your consent at any time via our Cookie Policy [insert link]. Please read this cookie policy to learn more about the cookies we use and how we use them.
New 2021 TRACER 9 & TRACER 9 GT
Emotional Intelligence.
Discover the new 2021 TRACER 9 & TRACER 9 GT »
Motorcycles
Scooters
Road
Catch the extreme
Motorcycles
ATV
Side-By-Side
Golfcars
Off-Road
Crazy for racing, 2.0 performance and fun
Outboard Engines
Waverunners
Boats
Inflatables
Water
Potent power. Reassuring reliability
Clothing
Marine gear
Gifts & Lifestyle
Accessories
Webshop
Official Online Store
Get more from Yamaha
From local events and news to exclusive Yamaha offers, take a look at what’s going on in the world of Yamaha
Contact Yamaha UK
Keep in contact with us
MyGarage App
Build your bike in stunning 3D
YOU
Yamaha Offers You
Explore accessories
For your next epic journey
What's new for 2021
See the latest models
Covid-19
Guidance for Yamaha Owners