http://www.thebarnstable.com/barnstable/privacy-policy
Menu
HOMEAbout UsFind An AgentSubmit A ClaimPayment PlansFinancialsContact Us
Privacy Policy
The Barnstable agrees to never sell, rent or barter your personal information with any third party without your prior permission. We generally will not disclose information about you to others unless the disclosure is necessary to conduct our business. We do not disclose any non-public personal information about our customers or former customers, except as permitted by law. Your trust and confidence are our highest priority.
We do collect and store the names, addresses and other personal information of customers of the site. This information is saved in a secure environment and is kept for our records and to make it easier for you to use our site. We protect your information by placing it on the secure portion of our Web site.
We use “cookies” technology to help us serve you better. Cookies are small bits of code stored on a user’s computer, which enable a Web site to tailor itself to each user. We use cookies to reduce the time it takes for you to use our site.
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure correct use of information, we will use reasonable and current Internet security technologies. The Barnstable has created a secure environment for credit card transactions. We use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to encrypt your personal information to prevent your information from being read during transmission over the Internet.
Please contact us if you have any questions or comments about our Privacy practices.
Although a policy number is not required to submit your claim, we would prefer you enter one to help us faster identify you as our policyholder.
If you know your policy number and would like to enter it now, please click cancel, otherwise click submit.
SUBMIT
CANCEL
Thank you for contacting us. Your message was successfully sent. We will be in touch with you as soon as possible
OK