http://www.pigglywiggly.com/privacy-policy
Home
Store Owners
Contact Us
About Us
Merchandise
Recipes
Store Locations
home ›
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy.
Our Privacy Policy was developed as an extension of our commitment to combine the highest-quality products and services with the highest level of integrity in dealing with our customers and partners. Our Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us or other information we may gather from your use of our Web site, and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our Web site and our products and services. This statement will be continuously assessed against new technologies, business practices and our customers' needs and legal developments, and may be revised accordingly (see discussion below, "Your Consent.").
What Information Do We Collect?
When you visit our Web site you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and Web site use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our Web site.
1. Personal Information You Choose to Provide
Credit Card Information
If you choose to purchase products or services from us or our partners, you may need to give personal information and authorization to obtain information from various credit services. For example, you may need to provide the following information:
Name
Mailing address
E-Mail address
Credit card Number
Home and business phone and/or fax numbers
Social Security Number
Other Personal Information (i.e., mother's maiden name)
Email Information
In addition to providing the foregoing information, if you choose to correspond further with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received by mail and telephone.
2. Web Site Use Information
Similar to other commercial Web sites, our Web site may utilize a standard technology called "cookies" (see explanation below, "What are Cookies?") and Web server logs to collect information about how our Web site is used. Information gathered through cookies and Web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our Web site, and the Web sites visited just before and just after your visit to our Web site.
What Are Cookies?
Cookies are a feature of Web browser software that allows Web servers to recognize the computer used to access a Web site. Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by a user's Web browser, such as Netscape or Internet Explorer, on the user's hard drive. Cookies can remember what information a user accesses on one Web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that Web site by the same user or to use the information to streamline the user's transactions on related Web pages. This makes it easier for a user to move from Web page to Web page and to complete commercial transactions over the Internet. Cookies should make your online experience easier and more personalized.
How Do We Use the Information That We Obtain?
Broadly speaking, we use personal information and other information that we may gather from your use of our Web site for purposes of administering our business activities, providing customer service and making available other products and services to our customers and prospective customers, and to otherwise improve our Web site and better serve our customers. If you have supplied us with personal information, we may combine such personal information with information we gather from your use of our Web site and other information that we may obtain from other sources to design and arrange our Web site in the most user-friendly manner and to continually improve our Web site to better meet the needs of our customers and prospective customers. Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Web site, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. The lists used to send you product and service offers are developed and managed under our traditional corporate standards designed to safeguard the security and privacy of our customers' personal information. As a customer, you may notify us of your desire not to receive these offers by emailing us at the email address(es) on our Contact Us page.
Sharing Information with Strategic Partners.
We may enter into strategic marketing alliances or other business relationships with third parties who may be given access to your personal information including your name, address, telephone number and email for the purpose of providing you information regarding products and services that we think will be of interest to you. In connection with these strategic marketing alliances or other business relationships, we will retain all ownership rights to the information. As a customer, you may notify us of your desire not to have such information shared with third parties by emailing us at the email address(es) on our Contact Us page.
How Do We Secure Information Transmissions?
When you send confidential personal credit card information to us on our Web site, a secure server software which we have licensed encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. The information is scrambled en route and decoded once it reaches our Web site.
Other email that you may send to us may not be secure unless we advise you that security measures will be in place prior to your transmitting the information. For that reason, we ask that you do not send confidential information such as social security or account numbers to us through an unsecured email.
How Do We Protect Your Information?
1. Information Security: We utilize encryption/security software to safeguard the confidentiality of personal information we collect from unauthorized access or disclosure and accidental loss, alteration or destruction.
2. Evaluation of Information Protection Practices: Periodically, our operations and business practices are reviewed for compliance with corporate policies and procedures governing the security, confidentiality and quality of our information.
3. Employee Access, Training and Expectations: Our corporate values, ethical standards, policies and practices are committed to the protection of customer information. In general, our business practices limit employee access to confidential information, and limit the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons, processes and transactions.
4. How Can You Access and Correct Your Information? You may request access to all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain in our database by emailing us at the email address(es) on our Contact Us page.
5. What About Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information? We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
6. What About Other Web Sites Linked to Our Web Site? We are not responsible for the practices employed by Web sites linked to or from our Web site nor the information or content contained therein. Often links to other Web sites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our Web site. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Web site to another Web site, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other Web site, including Web sites which have a link on our Web site, is subject to the Web site's own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before using such other Web sites.
Your Consent.
By using our Web site you consent to our collection and use of the information as described in this Privacy Policy, as may be changed from time to time by us. If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post the revised Privacy Policy including such changes on our Web site. For your convenience and future reference, the date of the version of the Privacy Policy set forth on our Web site is listed below. You can print the version of our Privacy Policy that you reviewed and approved, and compare it to the version in effect when you use our Web site in the future to determine what, if any, changes have been made.
October 2000
© 2011 Piggly Wiggly®. All Rights Reserved.
Home
Contact Us
Pig Links
Privacy Policy
Terms And Conditions
100th Anniversary
Kids Korner
Store Owners