http://www.texwipe.com/cookies-policy-2
Home
:
Cookies Policy
Cookies Policy
Cookie Notice
Texwipe respects your personal privacy and is committed to adhering to the applicable privacy and data protection laws and industry guidelines, including GDPR. This Cookie Notice and our Website Privacy Notice available at www.texwipe.com/PrivacyInfo describe how we handle the personal information that you provide to us on this website.
Cookies
To make this website simpler to use and navigate, we sometimes place a small data file on your computer or device. These are known as cookies. Most websites you visit will use cookies to improve your user experience by enabling that website to ‘remember’ you, either for the duration of your visit (using a ‘session cookie’) or for repeat visits (using a ‘persistent cookie’).
Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, storing your preferences, and generally improving your experience of a website. Cookies make the interaction between you and the website faster and easier. If a website doesn’t use cookies, it will think you are a new visitor every time you move to a new page on the site – for example, when you enter your login details and move to another page it won’t recognize you and it won’t be able to keep you logged in.
Cookies make your visit simpler by:
* Remembering settings, so you don't have to re-enter them at every page you visit (such as placing items in an ecommerce shopping basket)
* Remembering information, you have given (such as a Postal Code) so you do not need to keep re-entering it
* Measuring how you use our website so we can improve it to meet your needs
We use cookies to make the site work better for you and because they are essential to the usage of our website. You can manage and/or delete these small files as you wish. Learn more about cookies and how to manage them at AboutCookies.org.
If you prevent cookie usage on this website then please note that some parts may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
If you do not want any information collected, then you should choose not to use the Texwipe website.
How we use cookies - Our website may use cookies in several places – we have listed each of them below with more details about why we use them.
Shopping Basket
For our websites that contain ecommerce areas, we set a simple cookie that has:
Name Content Expires
website domain name
(ie, smith.com) randomly generated alpha-numeric code (shopping basket id eg Nc87HDteg3) 60 days OR directly on completion of purchase
Members and Registered Users
For our websites that contain members areas and have registered users, we set a simple cookie that has:
Name Content Expires
website domain name (ie,
smith.com) id number of membership (eg '42') At midnight of the same day
not all websites your country (by name eg 'UK') At midnight of the same day
not all websites VAT exemption status (simple 'Yes' or 'No') At midnight of the same day
Google Analytics
This website uses cookies that are used to collect data to determine the number of visitors to the                                 website using Google Analytics.  For more information about the policies of Google Analytics                          visit: www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.  By visiting this website, visitors agree and                                     consent to the storing and accessing of cookies and other information on the visitor’s devise                             where such activity occurs in connection with the service of Google Analytics.
‘Remember Me' Function - For our websites that contain members areas and have registered users, and allow you to be 'remembered' for your next visit, we set a simple cookie that has:
Name Content Expires
website domain name (ie, smith.com) id number of membership (eg '42') 30 Days
For more information regarding how we collect, use and store data in line with GDPR, please visit the privacy notice at www.texwipe.com/PrivacyInfo
How you can contact Texwipe - If you have any questions, comments or concerns about this Privacy Notice or the information practices of this site, please contact us at:
Texwipe
1210 South Park Drive, Kernersville, NC 27284
336-996-7046
info@texwipe.com
Compliance and Cooperation with Regulatory Authorities - We review our privacy notice on a regular basis. Our procedures and practices are in line with the GDPR set by the EU, which will remain the case after the UK has left the EU.
Changes to the Notice - Texwipe reserves the right to update or modify this Cookie Notice, at any time and without prior notice, by posting the revised version of this Cookie Notice on our Texwipe Website. If we modify this Privacy Notice, the modifications will only apply to personal information we collect after we have posted the revised Cookie Notice on the Website.