https://www.audiencesystems.com/privacy
Menu
Search Site
Go
Home
Solutions
Chairs
Lecture Theatre Seating
Retractable Seating
Removable Seating
Fixed Tiering
Staging
Premier Grandstands
Sleep Capsules
Venue Types
Schools
Universities
Theatres, Auditoria & Studios
Conference Facilities
Community & Worship Venues
Sports Venues
Arenas
Concept to Completion
Specification and Design
Project Management
Installation
3D Design Service
BIM Objects
After sales
Servicing, Maintenance & Parts
Refurbishment & Upgrades
Case Studies
News
About
Our Team
Showroom and Factory
Company History
Accreditations
Become A Dealer
Group Companies
Contact
Careers
Apprenticeships
Gallery
Resources
Videos
Menu
Enquire
Privacy Policy
Including Cookie Information
WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
We are Audience Systems Ltd registered in England and Wales, Company number 01043134. VAT Number: 821 7888 03
Contact Details
Our full details are:
Full name of legal entity: Audience Systems Ltd
Email address: enquiries@audiencesystems.com
Postal address: 19B Washington Road, West Wilts Trading Estate, Westbury, Wiltshire BA13 4JP, UK
Audience Systems Ltd is the controller and responsible for your Personal Data (collectively referred to as “we”, “us” or “our” in this Privacy Policy). This Privacy Policy is issued on behalf of Audience Systems Ltd, so when we mention Audience Systems Ltd, “we”, “us” or “our” in this Privacy Policy, we are referring to Audience Systems Ltd one or of its subsidiary companies - whichever is responsible for processing your data. Audience Systems Ltd is the controller and responsible for this website.
This Privacy Policy sets out how we use and protect any information that you give us when you use this website.
Further information about how we process information about customers and suppliers throughout our business is available by requesting our Data Protection Policy from us.
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
This Privacy Policy was last updated 15th May  2018.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Identity data: Name and job title
Contact data: Business contact information including email address, address and telephone number
Details of any enquiries you make via this website, or downloads you perform
Details of which, if any, of our mailing lists you have opted in to
Other information relevant in relation to customer surveys and/or offers
Your contact information and CV with reference to a job application
Technical data about the devices you use to access this website – this includes anonymised internet protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform – which is stored by Google Analytics. ·
We also collect, use and share aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your usage data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature.
How is your personal data collected?
On this website, we collect data from you when you:
Subscribe to our newsletter
Submit an enquiry or feedback using one of our website forms
Use our email address to contact us
Download documents
Respond to a competition, promotion or survey
Submit your contact details and/or CV in order to apply for a job.
Other ways we collect and process customer and supplier data are detailed in our Data Protection Policy, which is available here. We also have a full Data Protection Policy for job applicants which will shortly be available here.
Automated technologies or interactions
As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect technical data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies.
Third parties or publicly available sources
We currently only collect anonymised technical data using Google Analytics.
Processing personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
performing a contract, or negotiation of a contract, with you. This includes contracts where you are not the direct customer or supplier but play a significant role.
marketing purposes, if you have given your direct and explicit consent for this.
marketing purposes, if you are a customer of our business, we are contacting you about relevant products and services, and we gave you the opportunity to opt out of marketing communications during our communications with you.
recruitment purposes, if you have made an application for a job here
complying with any legal obligation; or
if it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or for the legitimate interests of someone else).
However, we can only do this if your interests and rights do not override ours (or theirs). You have the right to challenge our legitimate interests and request that we stop this processing. See details of your rights below.
We can process your personal data for these purposes without your knowledge or consent. We will not use your personal data for an unrelated purpose without telling you about it and the legal basis that we intend to rely on for processing it.
If you choose not to provide us with certain personal data you should be aware that we may not be able to contact you about matters which are in the interests of us, you, or others. Where we need to collect Personal Data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
·          Processing your application for a position here, in which case your CV will be viewed by the HR department and any departmental managers directly involved in the recruitment process
·          Fulfilment of your enquiry or contract
·          Internal reporting
·          We may use the information to improve our products and services, or this website
·          We may periodically send promotional emails or surveys if you have consented to this
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We have conducted a thorough audit and review of the way we use personal data for our customers and suppliers within our organisation. We have set out below, in a table format, a summary of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our Legitimate Interests are where appropriate.    Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of Legitimate Interest
To fulfil an enquiry you have made
(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Details of enquiry
Legitimate Interests (fulfilment of an enquiry you have made in our mutual interests)
To administer distribution of our newsletter and other marketing communications, including marketing research surveys
(a) Identity (b) Contact
Consent
To bid for, or fulfil a contract with you, or with which you have a significant involvement
(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Details of correspondence
(a) Performance of a Contract with you (b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation (c) Necessary for our Legitimate Interests (conducting our business)
To gather feedback from our customers
(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Details of project and correspondence
Necessary for our Legitimate Interests (to improve our business and services)
To contact customers about the servicing of their products
(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Details of project and correspondence
(a) Performance of a Contract with you (b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation (c) Necessary for our Legitimate Interests (conducting our business)
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/ services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical (b) Usage
Necessary for our Legitimate Interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To recruit for job vacancies in our business
(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Work history and details contained within your CV
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (recruitment of staff for our business)
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other third party websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our website, you should note that we do not have any control over that other third party websites. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such websites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question We do not control these third-party websites and are not liable for their privacy policies. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not.
A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website however.
Cookies used on our sites
Universal Analytics Cookies
Cookie
What we use them for
_ga
This is used by Analytics to calculate visitors, session, campaign data, etc. Expiration time is set to two (2) years and it resets each time when a visitor hits a page. No personal information or data is stored. Used to distinguish users. This cookie enables us to estimate our audience size and usage pattern See weblink below: https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage
_gat
Described by Google as “Used to throttle request rate”(no more information is available about this cookie). Expires in ten (10) minutes. This cookie enables us to limit the number of times information is recorded.  See weblink below: https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage
_gid
This is used to distinguish users but has a 24 hours expiration time. See weblink below: https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage
How to manage cookies
Our cookies do not store financial information, or information which is capable of directly identifying you (such as your name or address). Cookies simply allow our website to retrieve this information in order to personalise and improve your experience of our website.
However, if you wish to restrict, block or delete cookies provided by our site – or any other website – you can use your browser to do this.
Each browser is different so check the ‘Help’ menu of your particular browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences, or use the following weblinks: .
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Help: http://support.microsoft.com/?ln=en-gb
How to manage Cookies in IE 11: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Mozilla Firefox
Help: http://support.mozilla.org/en-US/home?as=u
Cookies: http://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/Cookies?s=manage+cookies&r=0&e=es&as=s
Google Chrome
Help: http://support.google.com/chrome/?hl=en-GB
Manage Cookies: http://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=en-GB&answer=95647
Our analytics partner also provides the ability for users to opt-out using the following links:
Google Analytics: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Further information on cookies is available online at: www.aboutcookies.org
Please bear in mind that if you do this, certain personalised features of this website and others cannot be provided to you.
Third Party Cookies
To help improve your experience of our site we use content from other sites to help users and improve usability, for example Google Maps for store locators. We also use social sites such as Facebook and Twitter to allow businesses to communicate with their clients along with analytics to help improve user experience. We do not control these social media websites and we suggest you read their cookie policy to see which ones they use and how to manage them.
Third-party site
Privacy Policy link
Google
http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/policies/privacy
Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Twitter
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
Youtube
https://www.youtube.com/static?gl=GB&template=terms
LinkedIn
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Opting out
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you.  Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, warranty registration, product/service experience or other transactions.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.   If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Disclosures of your personal data
Sometimes we might need to share your personal data with suppliers, our contractors and agents to carry out our obligations under our contract with you or for our legitimate interests.  For example, passing on your details for delivery of products or services.
We may also need to share data with companies providing IT or website administration support; professional advisers including solicitors, bankers, auditors or insurers; HM Revenue & Customs or other Government Agencies who may require reporting of certain activities in certain circumstances; third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer or merge parts or all of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this Privacy Policy and our Data Protection Policy.
If you are successful in a job application, we may need to pass your details limited third companies including our payroll company, training companies and agencies performing any checks required for your employment (for example DBS checks). Full details are available in our Data Protection Policy for Employees, Workers and Contractors, which will be made available to you at the start of your employment, or can be requested from us at jobs@audiencesystems.com.
We require those companies to keep your personal data confidential and secure and to protect it in accordance with the law and our policies. They are only permitted to process your data for the lawful purpose for which it has been shared and in accordance with our instructions.   We do sometimes send personal data outside the European Economic Area but you will be notified if this occurs.
Data retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Please refer to our Data Retention Policy for more details.
Your legal rights
You have the right to information about what personal data we process, how and on what basis as set out in this policy.
You have the right to access your own personal data by way of a subject access request (see above).
You can correct any inaccuracies in your personal data.
You have the right to request that we erase your personal data where we were not entitled under the law to process it or it is no longer necessary to process it for the purpose it was collected.
While you are requesting that your personal data is corrected or erased or are contesting the lawfulness of our processing, you can apply for its use to be restricted while the application is made.
You have the right to object to data processing where we are relying on a legitimate interest to do so and you think that your rights and interests outweigh our own and you wish us to stop.
You have the right to object if we process your personal data for the purposes of direct marketing.
You have the right to be notified of a data security breach concerning your personal data.
If we request your consent to the processing of your personal data for a specific purpose, you have the right not to consent or to withdraw your consent later.
If you have any requests concerning your data, call us on 01373 865050 or email enquiries@audiencesystems.com.
You have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner. You can do this be contacting the Information Commissioner’s Office directly. Full contact details including a helpline number can be found on the Information Commissioner’s Office website (www.ico.org.uk). This website has further information on your rights and our obligations.
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within thirty (30) calendar days from the date of receipt of your request. Occasionally it may take us longer, if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.  Where you are sending us a request via post rather than email we recommend you send it via recorded delivery to guarantee safe delivery.
Severability
If a court finds part of this Privacy Policy illegal, the rest will continue in force. Each of the clauses of these terms operates separately. If any court or relevant authority decides that any of them are unlawful, the remaining clauses will remain in full force and effect.
Partnership
Nothing herein contained shall give rise to a partnership or a contract of employment between you and us.
Assignment
You may not assign, mortgage or otherwise transfer this Privacy Policy, data or any rights, duties and obligations hereunder. It is acknowledged by you that we may use our employees, officers, representatives or third party consultants to carry out our work within this Privacy Policy. We may assign the benefit of this Privacy Policy, data or any rights, duties or obligations to any firm or company in which we hereafter acquire a controlling interest or which acquires a controlling interest in us without prior approval from you. Save that we shall remain primarily liable hereunder until such time as the prospective assignee enters into an agreement to fulfil our obligations hereunder.
Waiver
No waiver or affirmation of any breach of or non-compliance with any term hereof by the parties shall be deemed to be a waiver or affirmation of any preceding or succeeding breach of or non-compliance with the same or any other term.
Third parties
Save to the extent expressly set out herein, this Privacy Policy and is not intended to nor shall it create any rights, entitlements, claims or benefits enforceable by any person that is not a party hereto. Accordingly, save to the extent expressly set out in this Privacy Policy, no person shall derive any benefit or have any right entitlement or claim in relation to this agreement by virtue of the Contract (Rights of Third Parties) 1999.
Jurisdiction
This Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England.  The parties irrevocably agree that the English Courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Privacy Policy. Further information   If you wish to learn more information or have a question about your Personal Data or cookies please email us on enquiries@audienesystems.com
Back to top
Keep in touch
Sign up to receive updates on our news andevents
Sign Up