http://www.bearlighting.com/privacy-policy/
Loading... Please wait...
Contact Us
Wishlist
Sign in or Create an account
Checkout
Shop
LEDLightbulbsRecessed LightingInterior LightingExterior LightingTrack LightingFansLandscape LightingEmergency LightingUnder CabinetBallasts
Blog
Brands
Search
Advanced Search |
Search Tips
CALL US 888-988-2327Questions and Inquiries
100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEEDLow Prices. Great Service.
FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS OVER $150US Orders Only
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Bear Lighting collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the www.bearlighting.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Bear Lighting.
Personal Identification Information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the siteplace an orderfill out a formsubscribe to the newsletter and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information,
Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously.
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-Personal Identification Information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web Browser Cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How We Use Collected Information
Bear Lighting collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To personalize user experience We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To process transactions We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To administer a content, promotion, survey or other Site feature To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails
The email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How We Protect Your Information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing Your Personal Information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Third Party Websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website\'s own terms and policies.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
Bear Lighting has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page,send you an email. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your Acceptance Of These Terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Bear Lighting
www.bearlighting.com
3021 Airport Ave. Santa Monica, CA 90405
800-988-2327
info@bearlighting.com
YOU'RE NEVER IN THE DARK WITH BEAR LIGHTING
Welcome to Bear Lighting - a Wholesale Lighting Distributor based in sunny California.
We are your friend in the lighting business! Click on a tab below to start browsing our store.
If you don't see what you need or have any questions, call toll free @ 888.988.2327 and speak
with one of our Lighting Designers, or email us at bearbulbs@earthlink.net.
NO JOB IS TOO BIG OR SMALL!
We have Lighting Designers on staff who will work with you to solve any lighting issues.
We specialize in energy efficiency, remodeling, architectural, commercial, interior, exterior,
new construction and landscape lighting.
Join our mailing list for deals and promotions
Follow Us: FacebookTwitter
Your Account
My Account
Order Status
Wishlist
View Cart
Create Account
Information
About Us
Shipping & Returns
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Recent Updates
Your online lighting store
Interior
design is extremely important. It’s, in fact, an art form where you …
Don't you have better things to do than change light bulbs?
Welcome, and thank you for visiting our site!
We established Bear Lighting in …
Contact Details
Toll Free: 888-988-2327
Fax: 310-397-8600
3021 Airport Ave.Santa Monica, CA 90405
Email: info@bearlighting.com
Home |
Advanced Search |
Sitemap
All prices are in USD.
Copyright 2020 Bear Lighting
Web Design by renaner