http://www.christmascardprinters.com/terms-and-conditions
Christmas Card Printers Company Logo
Sign In
|
My Account
0 items
You have no items in your shopping basket.
0 items
Entire store here
Need help? Call us on 0191 284 6267
All Cards
Bespoke
Gallery
Contact Us
My Samples
Categories
All CardsAnimals & BirdsAnimalsCats & DogsFarmyard WoodlandBirdsOther BirdsRobinsContemporaryDecorations & WreathsFamily & ChildrenReligiousAngels & DovesMadonna & ChildNativityThree KingsAngel & DovesSanta & SnowmenSantaSnowmenScenicCityChurchVillagePhotographicChurch ScenesPhotgraphicTraditionalTreesPersonalised
Home
/
Terms & Conditions
About Us
Gallery
Artwork Spec
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Frequently Asked Questions
Order Processing Times
Paying for Your Order
Terms And Conditions
1. The Agreement between us:
1.1. We, Christmas Card Printers (A division of The Greetings Card Company Limited) will sell and you, ‘The Customer’, shall purchase the Products (defined below). These terms and conditions are intended to set out the agreement between us.
1.2. ‘The Products’ means the Christmas card packs displayed on the site, which are available for personalisation, which we agree, in our acceptance email, to supply to you.
1.3. It is your responsibility to read these terms and conditions carefully and raise any issues with us prior to placing an order.
1.4. We will confirm acceptance of your order by email as soon as possible and before we do so you should not assume that we have accepted it.
1.5. It is your responsibility to check that your order is accurate and to supply us with all the information we need to complete the order. We will let you know
what, if any, information we do need.
2. Ordering from us:
2.1. You are deemed to have placed an order with us when you complete our online checkout process. As part of this process you will be given the opportunity to check your order and correct any errors. We will acknowledge all orders by email.
2.2. We may refuse to accept an order:
a) Where goods are not available;
b) If there has been a pricing or product description error;
c) If you are under 18 years of age; or
d) At our discretion, if delivery is required outside the UK
3. Pricing and Payment
3.1. The price of the products and any delivery costs will be calculated, in British Pounds Sterling, when you complete your order form and will be shown at the bottom of your order.
3.2. The price calculated by the order form will include VAT if the delivery address is within the European Union. If your invoice and delivery address is outside the European Union then VAT will not be charged, although local taxes and custom charges may be applicable and will be your responsibility.
3.3. If we accept your order, the price will be stated on the order form, although if the rate of VAT increases between the date of your order and the date of supply or delivery, we will add the necessary additional amount of VAT to the price of the Products.
3.4. For special orders, where additional customised or bespoke products are requested the price will be calculated manually and may not reflect the price shown on the website order form. In such cases, a full quotation will be supplied.
3.5. Delivery charges quoted on the site relate to the UK only. For orders for delivery outside the UK, additional charges will apply.
3.6. Subject to our obligation to supply Products at the price stated on accepted orders, we reserve the right to change our Product prices at any time.
3.7. For customised items a proof will be produced for approval.
3.8. An invoice will be sent to you following the production of your order.
3.9. Please note that delivered quantities may vary by + or - 10% from the quantity ordered due to the nature of personalised print production, and you will be invoiced for the actual quantity produced for you.
3.10. Our payment terms are 30 days net from the date of delivery unless prior arrangement has been made for extended credit.
3.11. You can pay for your order by debit or credit card, by BACS or by cheque, payable to Christmas Card Printers
3.12. If you accept delivery of an order and subsequently order more Products from us, we may withhold delivery of the subsequent order/s until you have paid all sums outstanding owed to us.
4. Delivery
4.1.The Products will be despatched to you direct from the printer.
4.2. Shipping address – please ensure that your shipping address details are correct as they will be used exactly as input by you when submitting the order. We are not responsible for orders placed with incorrect or missing information, and should the goods fail to reach you, you may be liable to additional delivery charges.
4.3. Prices shown on the order form relate to UK shipping only. For goods that require shipping outside the UK, additional delivery charges will apply. You will be able to cancel your order if you are unwilling to pay the additional delivery charges.
4.4 The Products will be despatched to you within 6 weeks of proof approval.
4.5. If in the case of unforeseen circumstances beyond our reasonable control, we are not able to despatch your order within the agreed timescales, we will contact you.
5. Our Responsibility
5.1. We will make every effort to ensure that the Products that are supplied to you will be of satisfactory quality. If, once you have examined the Products, you discover a defect in the quality of the Products you must inform us within 1 week of receiving the goods.
5.2. If you notify us of a defect in the quality of the Products, and as a result of the defect, those Products are not of satisfactory quality, we will replace the Products free of charge, or, if you prefer, you can return the Products to us and we will refund you for the price of the Products, the cost of such return shall be borne by you.
5.3. Please always contact us before returning goods. Returned goods must be received in pristine and unused condition to qualify for a refund.
5.4. We are not responsible for packages that do not reach us and would recommend that you obtain a certificate of posting or send via a tracked delivery service.
5.5. Your statutory rights are not affected by anything in these terms and conditions.
5.6. The Products shall remain our property and ownership of the Products will not pass to you until their full price has been paid to us.
6. Your Right to Cancel
6.1. Personalised or Custom Printed Products – you may cancel an order for personalised products at any time prior to proof approval. Once a proof has been approved we will authorise your product for production. If you wish to cancel an order after this you must inform us immediately to enable us to stop the personalisation process. We will then take all necessary steps to minimise any financial liability on your part, but we must emphasise that, once the personalisation process has started you will be liable to pay in full for any part of your order which has been personalised prior to your cancellation plus any reasonable administrative or delivery costs incurred by us as a result of the cancellation.
7. Privacy Notice
7.1. By registering or placing an order on this website, you consent to the collection, use and transfer of your information under the terms of these conditions.
7.2. We may collect information about your usage of our website as well as information about you from messages you post to the website and e-mails or letters you send to us.
8. Things You Should Know
8.1. Christmas Card Printers is a division of The Greetings Card Company Limited which is a limited company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales. Its registered address is: First Floor, 105-107 High Street, Gosforth, Newcastle upon Tyne, NE3 1HA.
8.2. If, for some reason which is beyond either or our control, either of us are unable to comply with these conditions, that party will not be liable to the other or be deemed to be in breach of the agreement between us. Such reasons shall include, but not be limited to, war, riots, fire, explosion, flood, insurrection, embargo, industrial action, shortage of transport, general shortage of material and acts or omissions of governments.
8.3. If on any occasion either of us agree to take no action against the other even after the other has failed to comply with these conditions that party should not assume that the other will do the same on another occasion.
8.4. If it becomes necessary to enforce these conditions and any one of these conditions is found to be invalid or unenforceable this will not affect the remainder of the agreement between us.
8.5. Where there is reference in these conditions to ‘working days’ this shall mean Monday to Friday inclusive but excluding any statutory or bank holiday in England.
8.6. These conditions and the agreement between us are subject to English Law and the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts, although if it becomes necessary for us to enforce any of our rights under these conditions against you, we may do so in any relevant and competent court.
Follow Us
Sign up to our newsletter
Subscribe
My account
My Account
My Basket
About Us
About us
Gallery
Information
Artwork Spec
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
FAQ'S
Frequently Asked Questions
Order Processing Times
Paying for Your Order
Contact us
First Floor,105-107 High Street, Gosforth, Newcastle upon Tyne NE3 1HA, UK
0191 284 6267
© 2020															The Greetings Card Company Ltd.
Please wait...
Continue10
View cart & checkout
Compare
Go to Wishlist