https://www.fxtradingafrica.com/privacy/
HomePrivacy
Today, everyone is concerned about privacy, for good reason. We understand that so you can expect that whenever you visit our site, you can do so with utter confidence that your privacy is secure and will not be compromised in any way. If you need to get in touch with us anytime, for any reason, feel free to send us an email. You can find our email addresses on the site’s contact us page. Do not hesitate to email us. We will never contact you through your email address except to reply to your questions and address the concerns you may have brought to our attention. You will not receive any kind of marketing-related communication from us through email. All the binary options and forex brokers listed in our website implement their own privacy policies. Thus, we suggest that you familiarize yourself with their policies if you intend to visit third party websites linked or listed in our website.  Use of Cookies Be informed that cookies are used on our website. To the uninitiated, cookies are files placed on the hard disk of the user’s device when accessing our site. The cookies contain data that regular visitors use while navigating the site. These are very common today and typically used to hold a user’s website login details as well as all customizations done by the user on the website. Rest assured that abcforexbrokers.com only uses cookies for the purpose of smooth site operations. The website remarketing codes from Google Analytics to record users whenever they land on specific pages or take particular actions on the site. This way, we are able to provide future targeted advertising. If you prefer not to receive this kind of advertising from us, you can simply opt out by clicking the opt-out page or the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page. We may likewise gather IP addresses that can help with our troubleshooting efforts, security measures, admin tasks, and statistical analyses. When visiting a specific web page, our servers may be logged by our servers. An IP address is a series of numbers unique to the device you use to connect online. Terms of Agreement fxTradingAfrica.com and the registered website user, to be called “Customer,” have agreed to the following: fxTradingAfrica.com acts as an agent of brokers, to be called “Brokers” that are represented on this site. fxTradingAfrica.com commits not to raise the amount of spreads and not to bill additional commissions for opening a Customer account, and additional trading with any of the represented Brokers. fxTradingAfrica.com agrees to pay Customer a part of the compensation, to be called “Premium,” received from the Broker once the account under the Customer’s profile, to be called “Profile,” on the website of the Broker is approved. The payment shall be in accordance with the amount and conditions detailed on this website. The Broker is not obligated to remit Premium to the Customer if the broker refuses to pay such compensation. The refusal may arise from the Customer’s breach of the Broker’s trading conditions, or for some other reasons. The Customer can only register one Profile on the website of the Broker. If the Customer registers multiple Profiles, the Broker has the right to block all the Profiles, and leave only one Profile active. If necessary, the Broker has the right to request for additional documents that may help verify the Customer’s identity. These documents may include driver’s license, passport copies, or other similar documents. If it is not possible to verify the Customer’s identification, the Broker has the right to block the Customer’s profile and refuse to pay Premium. The Broker is obligated to draw funds from the Customer’s account within 5 banking days in the Customer’s preferred method. System commission payments can be withheld. The Broker will not allow transfer to third parties of any information acquired from the Customer, subject to the Privacy Policy found on this site. The Broker will not be held responsible for the inaccuracy of information presented on this site, as well as on the third party websites linked or referenced on this website. The Broker, however, will exert the necessary efforts to make sure that all information found on the website are kept updated and credible. The Broker will not be held liable for any losses that happen on the Customer’s account arising from the use of information found on this site. The Broker owns all the information contained on this website. The same cannot be copied or used without the consent of the owner. The Broker has the right to block access to the Customer’s Profile in case there are attempts to access website information illegally, company’s staff are treated improperly, spam, and other acts that may prevent the website from operating properly. TweetPinShareShare0 Shares
Search