https://www.globalvoices.co.uk/blog/the-art-of-legal-translation/
QUICK QUOTE
CLOSE
+44 (0) 845 130 1170
Request a Quote
The art of translation is a delicate process, filled with plenty of potential pitfalls and misunderstandings. The translation of legal documents takes that to a whole new level. Breaking down ‘legal speak’ is something that we entrust to trained professionals, but translating that into an entirely new language (and, more importantly, an entirely new legal system) requires the highest level of skill, understanding, and expertise. As W.E. Weisflog said in his groundbreaking paper Problems in Legal Translation: “Legal Language is a technical language, but legal language is not a universal technical language.”
Language
The actual act of translating such technical documents is not something that can be left to automated tools. Of course, in any situation, you want to be as accurate as possible with your translations, but in a legal environment this can be magnified exponentially – thousands of court cases are adjourned due to poor interpreting.
The only way to avoid such situations is to ensure you are hiring the best. Craig Lovatt, Commercial Director at Global Voices, says, “To ensure we only hire translators of the highest quality, we require as a minimum five years of professional translating experience, as well as five years of industry specific experience.”
This is why Global Voices translators consistently meet ISO 9001-2015 standards, which requires an overall accuracy of over 99.99%.
Culture
It’s not just human error that provides a barrier to effective legal translation. Trying to force a single document to mesh two different cultures together has a wide margin for error. As Deborah Cao mentions in her research paper Legal Translation, “The most important general characteristic of any legal translation is that an unusually large proportion of the text is culture-specific.”
She explains that there are ideological concepts missing between cultures; ideas and understandings we take for granted may not exist in other countries, which is then reflected in their legal systems. It is therefore vitally important that a translator working with legal documents is not just excellent at translation, but also familiar with the different cultures. With Global Voices’ vast network of translators (over 9,000 in over 140 different languages) we can promise that our translators are not just fluent in the language, but in the culture as well.
As Craig Lovatt says, “We only use mother tongue translators to ensure that not only the content, but the meaning is accurately translated across cultures.”
Local Law
The extra caveat that comes from translating legal documents is trying to make sense of two legal systems, both equally valid, but often contradictory. To navigate such a situation requires an in–depth knowledge of law for both countries, as examined in this study looking at the types of translation errors in Taiwan legal documents. It concluded that one of the main causes of translation error was “failure to consult reliable law databases”, and an “insufficiency of legal knowledge”.
During the legal battle between Christian Louboutin and Yves Saint Laurent over the selling of ‘red soled’ shoes in 2012, lawyers were presented with an awkward situation: both companies were based in France, but the case was tried in America. The conflicting legal environments made many of the legal processes nearly impossible, particularly during the ‘discovery phase’ – France has extremely strict privacy laws limiting access to important documents, while the American courts required extensive evidence. It was a translation agency that offered the solution, creating a ‘silo system’ that adhered to France’s privacy laws but still allowed the courts access to all important documents.
This is why Global Voices’ expansive network of industry specialist translators is so important. It ensures that whatever your needs, regardless of specific laws or countries, we have the tools, network, and people available to provide the quality service you need.
Make sure that the best possible translator is working through your legal documents. Contact us for a quote and sign up to our free newsletter for news and updates.
Related topics
Learning a Language: Beneficial to you and your business
Mental Health in The Workplace
Remote Video Interpretation accelerates success of virtual events
Professional Translation & Interpretation Services
We are here to help our customers communicate across the globe
Our Services
Subscribe to our Monthly Newsletter
For the latest news, updates and insights, sign up to our newsletter and stay informed!
First Name
*
Last Name
*
Email Address
*
Home
Services
Our Services
Translation Services
Translation Services
App Translation
Back Translation
Desktop Publishing
Machine Translation
Proofreading
Website Translation
CMS Translation
Interpretation Services
Interpretation Services
Conference Interpretation
Consecutive Interpretation
Court Interpreting
Police Interpreting
NHS Interpreting Service
Phone Interpretation
Video Interpretation
Audio-Visual Services
Audio-Visual Services
Subtitling
Voice-over
Dubbing
Transcription Services
Transcription Services
Financial Transcription
Insurance Transcription
Legal Transcription
Media Transcription
Medical Transcription
Public Sector Transcription
Legal and Certification Services
Legal and Certification Services
Notarised Translation
Certified Translation
Apostille Translation
Patent Filing
Multilingual Marketing Services
Multilingual Marketing Services
SEO research
PPC research
Transcreation
Copywriting
Technical writing
Localisation
Localisation
Website Localisation
Software Localisation
App Localisation
Globalisation Consulting
Industries
Industries
Life Science Translation
Life Science Translation
Biotech Translations
Pharmaceutical Translation
Medical Device Translation
Clinical Research Translation
Legal Translation
Legal Translation
Patent Translation
Intellectual Property Translation
Technology Translation Services
Technology Translation Services
Software Translation
Consumer Electronics Translation
Telecommunication Translation
Manufacturing Translation Services
Manufacturing Translation Services
Automotive Translation
Aerospace Translation
Industrial Equipment Translation
Consumer Goods Translation
Public Sector Translation
Public Sector Translation
Court Interpretation
School Translation
NHS Translation
Police Translation
Consumer Translation Services
Consumer Translation Services
Entertainment and media
Game Localisation
Retail Translation
Food and beverage
Tourism Translation
Financial Translation
Financial Translation
Insurance Translation
Banking Translation
Oil and Gas
E-Learning and Workplace Education
Languages
Languages
Asian Languages
Arabic Translation
Bengali Translation
Cantonese Translation
Chinese Translation
Mandarin Translation
Hindi Translation
Japanese Translation
Korean Translation
Malaysian Translation
Punjabi Translation
Tagalog Translation
Thai Translation
Turkish Translation
Urdu Translation
European Languages
Bulgarian Translation
Czech Translation
Danish Translation
Dutch Translation
English Translation
French Translation
German Translation
Greek Translation
Hungarian Translation
Italian Translation
Latvian Translation
Norwegian Translation
Polish Translation
Portuguese Translation
Romanian Translation
Russian Translation
Serbian Translation
Spanish Translation
Slovak Translation
Ukrainian Translation
American Languages
American English Translation
Brazilian Portuguese Translation
Latin American Spanish Translation
About Us
Careers
Contact Us
Request a Quote
This website uses tracking cookies to improve user experience. By using our website you consent to all tracking cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy.
Accept