http://www.csdcu.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Search
X
Privacy Policy
Who Can Join?
Privacy Notice
Federal law requires us to tell you how we collect, share and protect your personal information. Our privacy policy has not changed and you may review our policy and practices with respect to your personal information here at our website. We will mail you a free copy upon request if you contact us or call 816.763.4020.
CSD Credit Union recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of personal information about our members, and it is our goal to protect that information in every way. The Credit Union has never shared non-public personal information and the Credit Union will continue to protect member privacy.
CSD Credit Union Privacy Disclosure Policy
The Credit Union will not disclose member non-public personal information other than to non-affiliated third parties as permitted by law (for example, to reputable credit reporting bureaus). The Credit Union only asks for information the Credit Union truly needs to complete a transaction or maintain a business relationship with a member. The Credit Union uses this information to protect and administer member records, accounts, and funds.
Types of Information CSDCU Collects
Identifying Information
Name and Address
Social Security Number
Information from consumer reports such as a consumer's credit worthiness and credit history
Application Information
Assets and Income
Transaction Information
Account Balance
Payment History
Parties to the Transaction
Protecting Your Information
The Credit Union protects the confidentiality and integrity on non-public personal information.
The Credit Union restricts employee access to personal information to a “need to know” basis. Only employees who legitimately require member personal data to complete a business transaction ever see it. The Credit Union strictly enforces procedures that prevent unauthorized access to member data. The Credit Union requires all organizations to which we provide data as permitted by law to have similar privacy safeguards, to further ensure member confidentiality.
Featured Rates
View Deposit Rates
Log In To Your VISA Account
Make a Payment to CSDCU
Surcharge-Free ATM Locations
Apply For a Loan