http://www.acmemarine.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
In Your Cart
Close Popup
View Cart
Privacy Policy
AMG Operations LLC, d/b/a Acme Marine Group Website Privacy Policy
Please read this privacy policy carefully
Last Updated: January 24, 2018
Your privacy is very important to Acme Marine Group (“Acme”). We also understand that privacy is very important to you. This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) tells you how we protect and use any information we gather through the www.acmemarine.com website.
This Privacy Policy explains how Acme may use and disclose information we collect from and about you when you visit the website, as well as your ability to control certain uses of it.  By using this website, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Please also read our Website Terms of Use (“Terms of Use”) to understand the general rules about your use of this website. Except as written in any other disclaimers, policies, terms of use or other notices on this website, this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use are the complete agreement between you and Acme with respect to your use of this website. You may be subject to additional terms that may apply when you access particular services or materials on certain areas of this website or by following links that take you away from this website.
Summary
We value the privacy of our website visitors.  We will only collect and use your information as explained in this policy. This section gives a brief overview of our data collection and use policies. Please click on the links below for a more detailed discussion of each topic.
We collect the following information:
Information that your browser routinely shares with websites.
Personal information that you provide us on a voluntary basis.
If you use the mobile version of our website, it may use geographic information temporarily collected from your mobile device.
We may collect geographic information from your browser to enable certain functionality of this website.
We use the following types of tracking technology:
Cookies, web beacons and similar technology tracks movement across our website and keeps track of our registered users and their preferences.
If advertising services place ads on the internet for us, they may use tracking technology; we do not share your personal information with these services.
Web analytics services, such as Google Analytics, may use cookies and browser information to provide demographic, statistical, and other information about the visitors to our website, such as their interests, hobbies, and preferences.
We use and disclose the information we collect for the following purposes:
To provide products that you request.
To help us improve our website, understand our customers and their preferences, and to market our products and services.
For marketing purposes in providing you additional information on products or services we offer.
To our contractors and business partners who provide support services so that they can access information needed for such services, only on terms consistent with this policy.
To protect our business interests or the rights of others, when required by law, to cooperate with law enforcement, or in connection with the sale or merger of all or part of our business.
We use these commercially reasonable data security practices:
If you make a purchase on our site, we use a third party to process your payment information and do not store your credit card information.
We limit access to your personal information to those who have legitimate need to use it.
Other details about our practices:
We store your information in the United States.
Although we may have links to other websites, this policy applies only to the websites operated by Acme.
We use your personal information only for the purposes for which it is collected and consistent with this policy, and we retain your information as permitted by applicable law.
You can update your online account information at any time.
We do not intend to collect information from children under the age of 13.
We may update this policy from time to time.
How We Collect Information
Information provided by your web browser
This website provides information about us and the products and services we offer. You do not need to provide us with any personal information if you simply want to browse through our website and learn more about our products and services. Like many other websites, we may record information that your web browser routinely shares, such as your browser type, browser language, software and hardware attributes, the date and time of your visit, the website from which you came, the geographical location of the Internet Protocol address and the pages on this site that you visit. This will generally be anonymous data that we collect on an aggregate basis. We will not try to associate anonymous data with the personal information that you provide to us, except to investigate apparent fraud or a threat to our website, our business or our users.
Personal information that you provide
We may also collect personal information that you choose to provide to us on a voluntary basis. When we ask for your personal information, it is so that we can provide a product or service to you and communicate with you about those products and services. For example, you can register on our site by providing us with your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address, and then elect to receive e-mails. Among other things, you can elect to receive information regarding events, products, and promotions. It will always be your choice whether to provide your personal information to take advantage of these features.
We may also offer certain social networking features on this website, such as the opportunity to post comments, reviews, or opinions about our products. If you choose to submit your comments or opinions, keep in mind that these will be available to the general public and are not subject to any privacy.
Additional information collected from mobile devices
We may also operate a version of this website specifically designed to work with mobile devices. The mobile website may include a feature that uses geographic location information provided by your mobile device to identify stores in your vicinity. We do not collect or store your geographic information except to temporarily provide this service.
Information Collected From Other Sources
We may obtain information about you from other sources, including social networks like Instagram or YouTube that you use to connect with Acme or the website.  This information may include name, user name, demographic information, updated address or contact information, interests, and publicly-observed data, such as from social media and online activity.
Use of Cookies and Similar Technology
Tracking on our own website
As is commonly done on websites, we may use cookies and similar technology to keep track of our users and the services they have elected. A "cookie" is a small text file containing alphanumeric characters that is stored on your computer and uniquely identifies your browser. If you are simply browsing on our website, the cookies that we use last only about as long as your session on our website; but if you have created a user name and account, we will also use cookies that remain on your computer between visits so that when you return to our site we can remember who you are and your preferences. For example, we use cookies to keep track of items that you might wish to store in your on-line Shopping Cart between visits. We may allow business partners who provide services to our site to place cookies on your computer that assist us in analyzing usage data. We do not allow these business partners to collect your personal information from our website except as may be necessary for the services that they provide.
You can manage these cookies. For example, you can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set. If you disable cookies, it may interfere with the functionality of our site and you may not be able to use all of the site's features.
We may also use web beacons or similar technology to help us track the effectiveness of our communications. A web beacon (also known as an action tag, a clear gif or pixel tag) is a 1x1 pixel image embedded in a website page used to transparently collect information. For example, we may use a web beacon to count the number of visits to the pages of our site. If you have signed up to receive any of our e-mails, we may use similar technology to count how many recipients have opened the message and clicked on one of its links.
You can unsubscribe to Acme communications by clicking the “Unsubscribe” button at the bottom of any Acme marketing email.
We may offer a version of this site specifically designed to work with a mobile device. If so, we may store information relevant to your use of the mobile site on your device's local storage.
Tracking by advertising services
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics use cookies and other, similar technologies, to collect information about how users use the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set forth above. To learn more about Google Analytics, including how to opt out of it, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Third-party websites or services (i.e. Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, SalesForce, & HubSpot) may use cookies, pixels, and similar technology to collect or receive information upon visiting this website. We will share this information with the respective services or platforms, but we will not include your personal information. This is specifically for conversion tracking, measurement services and ad targeting based upon interests. If you would like to opt out of this tracking measure for Amazon, please visit https://www.amazon.com/adprefs. If you would like to opt out of this tracking measure for Facebook, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices.
To learn more about the use of cookies generally or other technologies to deliver more relevant advertising, and to know your choices about not having this information used by certain service providers, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices.  Note that our systems may not recognize Do Not Track (DNT) headers from some or all browsers.
What we do with the information we collect
We will generally use the information that we collect to help us operate this website, to provide requested services, to help us understand our customers and their preferences, and to market products and services to you in which we believe you may be interested. The following provides a more specific discussion of our uses and disclosures of the information that we collect. We will seek your consent before we use your personal information for any other purposes
Your contact information
When you provide us with your contact information, we will use that information to provide services related to this website. For example, if you purchase a product on our site, we will use your mailing address to ship your order. We may also send you e-mail messages confirming your order or reporting on the status of your order.
If you register on our site, we give you the option to add your e-mail address to one or more e-mail lists. You may change your preferences or opt out of all e-mails at any time by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link found at the bottom of each e-mail.  Note that if you unsubscribe, we may still email you in connection with specific requests from you or regarding issues specific to you.
We maintain a database about our customers and website users that allows us to (i) analyze and monitor consumer and customer activity, (ii) promote and support our products and services, and (iii) develop a knowledge base regarding our web site users and customers.
We may combine the information we receive from and about you, including information you provide to us and information we automatically collect through our website, as well as information collected offline or from third party sources to help us tailor our communications to you and to improve our website and services.
Payment for products
If you purchase any products through this website, your payment information, including your credit card information, will be captured and processed by a third party provider that will manage the transaction.  We will not have access to any payment information. Additionally, we will provide your name and address to the company that ships the products.
Information shared with our business partners
To improve the products and services offered, we may use business partners to help us design and operate our website or provide other services to support the site. For example, we may hire a company to run certain website applications, help us fulfill orders, process credit card payments, or help us analyze our data. Unless otherwise indicated on our website, if we allow our business partners to access the personal information we collect, it will be for limited purposes and in compliance with this privacy policy. We may share your information with vendors whose goods we carry so that they can send you offers or other promotional information in which you may be interested.
Statistical analyses of data
We use Google Analytics to help us gather statistical information about the visitors to our site and how they use the site.  We also use Google Analytics to provide us additional information about the users to our site, such as their interests, hobbies, and preferences, based upon information gathered by Google through the use of cookies and browser information.  However, all information we gather via Google Analytics will be gathered on an anonymous, aggregate basis but will not associate this data with personally identifiable data. We use this information to gain a better understanding of the visitors to our site and to improve our website and product offerings. We reserve the right to license or sell aggregate information about the visitors to our website, but this information will not be individually identifiable.
Business operations, law enforcement and legal actions
We may release your information without prior notice when we believe it is appropriate to prevent fraud; to comply with law or to cooperate with law enforcement activity or other governmental request; to respond to subpoenas, court orders or administrative agency requests for information; to enforce our policies; to protect the rights, property and safety of our business and of others; or when required or otherwise permitted by law. For example, we may share information with law enforcement to reduce the risk of fraud or if someone uses or attempts to use our site for illegal reasons. If there is a sale or merger of the company, division or business unit that operates this site, we may also transfer the information we have collected in connection with such sale or merger.
We will use the information we collect to continuously improve our business and our website development. Your comments and suggestions about our website development are always appreciated. Please contact us at sales@acmemarine.com if you have any comments or suggestions.
How we protect your data
We use commercially reasonable means to protect the integrity of our website and limit access to your personal information. We limit access to your personal information to those who have a legitimate need to use the information. If you have set up a user name and profile, you should be sure to protect your user name and password to prevent others from being able to access the site in your name. We cannot provide absolute assurances against, and will not be liable for, breaches of confidentiality due to system failures or unauthorized access by third parties.
Date Storage
Any personal information Acme collects is stored on servers in the United States.  You understand and agree that Acme may collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process the information you provide as described in this Privacy Policy even if you are from an area outside the United States.  Your personal information may be disclosed in response to inquiries or requests from government authorities or to respond to judicial process in the United States.
Third Party Websites
This site may contain links to other websites operated by companies that are not affiliated with us. Also, you may have come to this website from a website that is not operated by us. We are not responsible for the operation of these other sites or the information that they collect from their visitors. If you would like to know how another site collects and uses your information, please review its privacy policy.
Changes to your Information
Please note that, at all times, you are responsible for updating the personal information you provide to us.  You can update your online account information with us at any time by contacting us at sales@acmemarine.com to update your information.
Data Integrity and Retention
We use the information that we collect about you only for the purposes for which it is collected and consistent with this policy. We keep information provided to us for as long as we believe necessary for our business purposes and as permitted by applicable law.
Changes to this Policy
Our business and the laws that regulate us change from time to time, and we reserve the right to change this policy. If we do change this policy, we will post the revised version on this site. If we change the Privacy Policy in a material way, we will provide appropriate notice to you.
Children
While our site is available for all to come visit, you must be at least 13 years old to register on our website, to purchase products or participate in any of our contests. We will not knowingly collect information about children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13 please do not use this site.  Parents or guardians with children under age 13 may register as a user on this website on their child’s behalf. If you are registering on behalf of your child, the information you share about your child is your sole responsibility, and you should use discretion regarding the information you share, and Acme encourages you to limit the personal information you share about your child.  Acme assumes no liability for such information.
If you are a parent who believes that we have collected information about a child under age 13, please contact us at sales@acmemarine.com or (888) 661-ACME with your child's name and address, and we will be happy to delete the information we have about your child from our records and provide information in accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”).   In the event we discover we have collected information from a child in a manner inconsistent with COPPA’s requirements, we will either delete the information or immediately seek the parent’s consent for that collection. If we do not receive parental consent within a reasonable time, we will delete the information.
This policy is an agreement
When you visit this site, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Contacting Us
If you have additional questions, please contact us at any time by email at sales@acmemarine.com, by phone at (888) 661-ACME or write to us at:
AMG Operations LLC460 Ada Dr SE, Suite 220Ada, Michigan 49301Attn: Marketing & Communications
Effective Date: 1/15/2018
Back To Top