http://www.productinnovator.com/terms-and-conditions/
home
contact
sitemap
product innovation management
Skip to content
Home
Process
Services
Training
Clients
Resources
About Us
Entrepreneur Views
You are here: Home » Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to the Product Innovator Ltd website. By
continuing to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and
be bound by the following Terms and Conditions of use, which together with our
Privacy Policy and GDPR Compliance statement govern "the Product Innovator Ltd" relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with
any part of these Terms and Conditions or are unhappy with any such terms,
please do not use our website.
The terms "the Product Innovator Ltd"
or "us" or "we" refer to the owner of the website whose
registered address is the Product Innovator Ltd,
The term "you" refers to the user or viewer of our website.
All the information contained of the
pages of this website is for your personal general information and use only. It
is subject to change without notice and is frequently updated. Since you are
bound by these Terms and Conditions, you should periodically re-familiarise
yourself with same.
This website uses cookies to monitor
browsing preferences. If you allow cookies to be used (by clicking the I
Accept button that appears along side the cookie warning that loads at
the top of every website page for all users who visit the site and have
not clicked this button), you should refer to and study our Privacy
Policy and GDPR Compliance statement for details of information stored by us.
We do not provide any warranty or
guarantee as to the accuracy, completeness or suitability of the information
and materials found or offered on this website for any purpose. You acknowledge
any / all information contained on this site may contain inaccuracies or errors
and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the
fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of / your interpretation of
any
/ all information or materials on
this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It
shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or
information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by, originated by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is
not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance, intellectual property,
text and graphics. You may not modify, reproduce, republish, frame,
“screenshot”, upload to a third party, post, transmit or distribute content
from this website in any way except as expressly provided for on this site. The
information provided is for your personal, non-commercial use only, subject to
your keeping all content intact and as presented on this Site. You must not use
this Site for any unlawful purpose. Unauthorised use of this website may give
rise to a claim for damages and / or be a criminal offence.
All trademarks reproduced in this
website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged
on the website.
This website may also include links
to other third-party websites. These links are provided for your convenience to
provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the
website(s). We have no responsibility for (or control over) the content of the
linked website(s) and inclusion of any link does not imply an endorsement of
the linked website by us.
Under no circumstances (including but not limited
to any act or omission on our part) will we be liable for any indirect,
incidental, special and / or consequential damages or loss of profits
whatsoever which result from any use or access of, or any inability to use or
access, the Site or any Content. You expressly acknowledge and agree that
"the Product Innovator Ltd" does not exert control over users of the Site and is
not liable either for their opinions or their behaviour including any
information and/or advice and any defamatory statements or offensive conduct.
Your use of this website and any dispute arising
out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of Ireland.
Your use of this website indicates your agreement
to be bound by the Terms and Conditions.
Elearning
International customers if you are interested in our elearning product register your interest
contact us today
Training Course Schedule: Course
Date
Dublin PMgmt
TBA
Dublin PMgmt
TBA
Dublin PMgmt
TBA
Customer Testimonials Consilium Technologies The course was intense, relevant and thought provoking.
It has provided a sound foundation on which to develop and grow in my relatively new role as product manager.
Again, many thanks it was truly a beneficial course on my part. Karen Woest
Consulting Services The Product Innovator team provides consultancy and mentoring services to help you hit the ground running with your new product.
Partners / Awards:
Software
Skillnet
/
ILM Endorsed
Award
Provider
e: info@productinnovator.com
p: + 353 87 2352798
Privacy Policy     Terms & Conditions© Product Innovator Ltd 2020
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.
We have updated both our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy in order to comply with the 2018 General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). You can review our policies via the links at the bottom of every page on this website.
By continuing to use this website without changing your cookie settings, you thereby agree to our storing and accessing data within cookies (and other tracking technologies) to improve your online experience and to analyse the use of this website.
I Accept Reject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy