http://www.efficientfrontier.com/privacy.htm
Efficient Frontier Advisors LLC
NOTICE OF PRIVACY POLICY
Web Site Visitors, EF Readers, and Prospective Clients
We do not collect personally identifiable information from any visitors to this Web site. The Web host collects general information, such as visitor traffic, pages viewed, domain names, and time spent at various site locations. None of the information is personally identifiable.
Clients of Efficient Frontier Advisors LLC
Maintaining your privacy is important to us. Your personal information is kept secure. You have a right to know what information is being collected about you and how that information will be used.
We collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources:
Information we receive from you (or your other consultants) in conversation, on applications, or other paperwork;
Information about your investment transactions.
We do not disclose any nonpublic personal information about clients or former clients to anyone, except as permitted by law. Under the law, the information we collect is provided only to companies that perform support services on our behalf as necessary to effect, administer, or process a transaction, or for maintaining and servicing your account.
We do not give or sell information about you or your accounts to any other company, individual, or group.
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide services to you. We maintain physical, administrative, and technical procedural safeguards to protect your nonpublic personal information.
You do not need to call or do anything as a result of this notice. It is meant to inform you of how we safeguard your nonpublic personal information.
Copyright © 2014, Efficient Frontier Advisors LLC. All rights reserved.
The right to download, store and/or output any material on this Web site is granted for viewing use only. Material may not be reproduced in any form without the express written permission of William J. Bernstein. Reproduction or editing by any means, mechanical or electronic, in whole or in part, without the express written permission of William J. Bernstein is strictly prohibited. Please read the disclaimer.