http://www.brotherhoodmutual.com/legal-notices/
Covid-19 Pandemic resources to help keep your people safe.
Legal Notices
Effective date: 9/7/2010. Last revision: 5/5/2017.
Brotherhood Mutual Insurance Company (“Brotherhood Mutual”) assumes no liability for the privacy procedures of websites which are reached via links provided within its site.
LEGAL DISCLAIMERS
General Liability Disclaimer: Brotherhood Mutual assumes no liability for any direct or consequential damages suffered by anyone accessing this site, nor is any liability assumed in relation to the content provided herein, or provided within any other Internet site that may be accessed via this site.
Intellectual Property Rights: Brotherhood Mutual maintains exclusive ownership rights in certain trade names, taglines, slogans, logos, and other items of intellectual property including, but not limited to, the Brotherhood Mutual gothic arch logo, the terms “Brotherhood Mutual,” “Brotherhood Mutual Insurance Company,” “Advancing the Kingdom by Serving the Church,” “Insuring America's churches and related ministries,” “Faith Ventures,” “MinistryWorks,” “Deacon’s Bench,” “We understand why,” and all logos and graphics utilizing these terms and the Brotherhood Mutual name.
All logos, text, content, including underlying HTML code, designs, and graphics used and/or depicted in this Internet website are protected under United States and international copyright and trademark laws and treaties, and may not be used or reproduced without the prior express written permission of Brotherhood Mutual.
No waiver of any intellectual property rights that Brotherhood Mutual has in any of its trademarks, service marks, names, logos or products is express or implied if a mark, name or logo is not present on this page.
Use: The content of this site may be downloaded for personal use only, unless otherwise indicated, or unless prior written permission is obtained from Brotherhood Mutual.
Product Limitation: Any descriptions or other presentations of products or services on this website are not intended to be offers or solicitations. Some products or services presented herein may not be available for sale in all jurisdictions. Local insurance agents should be consulted to determine whether a product is available for sale in a particular jurisdiction.
Product Disclaimer: Descriptions or other presentations of products or services on this website will not modify the terms of any Brotherhood Mutual policy form. Reference should be made to the actual policy forms for coverage information.
Web Links: This website may contain links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Brotherhood Mutual. For this reason, Brotherhood Mutual assumes no liability for the content or accuracy of such sites.
Software Virus Disclaimer: Brotherhood Mutual makes reasonable efforts to provide a website free from any software viruses, worms, or other code that may be potentially damaging. Brotherhood Mutual does not make any express or implied warranties or representations in this regard, however, and assumes no liability for any damages.
No Warranties: Brotherhood Mutual does not make any express or implied warranties or representations regarding the dissemination of information conveyed over the internet.
Email Communications: If users send email messages to Brotherhood Mutual, they are advised that such messages may be accessed by others using the Internet. Confidential information should not be sent via email.
User ID and Password Registration: Some Brotherhood Mutual websites require a User ID and password in order to access Brotherhood Mutual’s online policyholder services. Unauthorized use of such sites is strictly prohibited.
Request A Quote
Thank you for your interest in Brotherhood Mutual. We appreciate the opportunity to provide your church or other ministry with an insurance quote and will reply to your request as soon as possible.
2020 Brotherhood Mutual
Submit Your Question
Text to follow...
2020 Brotherhood Mutual