http://www.nationwidestructures.com/policy.html
Home
Product Line
Personal Ballistic Shields
Vehicle Barrier System
MASS   Modular Armored Security Shields
AP and Blast Resistant Guard Houses
Guard Booths
Fixed Booths
Portable Booths
Towers and Platforms
Preassembled Shelters
Security Cages
Request a Quote !
Photo Gallery
Personal Ballistic Shields
Vision Towers and Elevated Booths
Bullet and Blast Resistant Guard Booths
Fixed Guard Booths
Portable Guard Booths
Ballistic Shields and Fighting Positions
Vehicle Barriers
Catalogs
Help - Reference
Site Map
Request a Quote !
Send us an email
Reference Materials
Online Product Catalogs
Bullet Resistence Charts
Seismic Charts
GSA Info
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Policy Statement
This is the web site of:
Nationwide Structures, Inc.
PO Box 55461
Virginia Beach, VA
23471
We can be reached via:
Email
Telephone at 757-464-4245
Fax at 757-464-2787
Our web server automatically logs the IP address, browser/version, and pages viewed for each visitor to the site.
We collect the following information:
Only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our web site.
Aggregate information on what pages visitors access or view.
The e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail.
Information provided by the visitor in requesting quotations, information, or printed literature.
The information we collect is used for:
Internal use in preparing and responding to price quotation or other requests.
Responding to email communication requested by the visitor.
Continually improving the content and quality of our web site.
Information collected is not shared with other organizations or individuals for commercial purposes.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
If you supply us with your telephone number on-line you will only receive telephone contact from us regarding the information requested on-line.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies. We provide an ad free site for our visitors.
With respect to cookies: Cookies are only used to store the visitor's screen preferences (session ID) while viewing the Photo Gallery.
We do not use cookies for tracking, or storage of personal information about the visitor.
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from visitors to our site.
Personal information visitors provide is not stored on our mail or web servers.
Upon request we will provide site visitors with access to a description of information that we maintain about them.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy you may contact us at the above address or phone number, or contact:
State or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau
State or local consumer protection office
The Federal Trade Commission by phone at 202.FTC-HELP (202.382.4357) or electronically at http://www.ftc.gov/ftc/complaint.htm.
© Nationwide Structures, Inc.   757-464-4245
Privacy Policy  -
Home  -
Site Map  -
Email
* Call Toll Free  888-430-0301 *