https://www.veromatic.com/privacy-statement/
Do you have any questions or need advice? Call +31 (0)78 654 09 55
English
Nederlands
Deutsch
Dealer portal
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Privacy Statement
The purpose of the privacy statement is to give you a clear picture of how we use your personal data, our commitment to protecting your personal data, the rights you have and the possibilities to control your data, and the protection of your privacy. This privacy statement includes the following information:
Personal data that we process
For what purpose and on what basis we process personal data
How long we keep the personal data
Information about sharing personal data with third parties
Cookies or similar techniques that we use Information about how you can view, modify or delete your data
How we protect personal data
Who collects or processes your personal data?
Veromatic International B.V. (“Veromatic” or “we”), located at Donker Duyvisweg 56 in Dordrecht, is responsible for all personal data collected via the website www.veromatic.com / support.veromatic.com or by purchasing our products, by using of our tools and services, when requesting information, samples or documentation or when subscribing to our newsletters.
Contact details
Veromatic International B.V.
www.veromatic.com
+31 78 654 09 55
W. Jacobs is the Data Protection Officer of Veromatic International B.V. He can be reached via yourprivacy@veromatic.com.
Personal data that we process
We process your personal data because you use our services and / or because you provide these to us yourself.
Below you will find an overview of the personal data that we process:
Company Name
First and last name and gender
Address data
Telephone number
E-mail address
Other personal data that you actively provide, for example, by indicating your position or by expressing your product interest. This can be indicated by you via the website, in correspondence or by telephone
Internet browser and device type
A number of personal details are indicated on the website as a mandatory field (indicated with an asterisk [*]). This mandatory information is required to provide the requested services, such as sending a product sample or quotation.
For what purpose and on what basis we process personal data
We process your personal data for the following purposes:
Sending a product sample or quotation
Sending our newsletter
To be able to call or e-mail you if this is necessary to be able to perform our services
Inform you about changes to our services and products
To deliver goods and services to you.
How long we keep the personal data
We do not store your personal data for longer than is strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which your data are collected. We use the following retention periods for personal data:
Newsletters: when unsubscribing from a newsletter, your data related to this newsletter will be deleted no later than two weeks after an opt-out
With an information request, quotation or brochure request, your data will not be stored for longer than seven years
If a relationship arises, for example through the purchase of a product or test device, the data for the duration of the relationship plus a maximum of seven years after the relationship is terminated
Sharing of personal data with third parties
We share your personal data with various third parties if this is necessary for the execution of the agreement and to comply with a possible legal obligation. With companies that process your data on our behalf, we conclude a Processor Agreement to ensure the same level of security and confidentiality of your data. We remain responsibility for these processes.
Third parties and purpose of data sharing:
Sharing with commissioned marketing and advertising agency (s) for the purpose; take care of mailings, improve the website (s) (including checking and improving forms on the website). These processing party (s) will also have access to the Google Analytics data of our website, in order to improve the user experience and conversion registration within the website.
Inclusion of data in our (online) CRM package with the aim of being able to send you the desired materials such as brochures, product parts or quotes, to be able to send you our newsletter, to be able to call you or to e-mail us if this is necessary to provide our services. to conduct, to inform you about changes to our services and products, or to deliver goods and services to you.
Cookies, or similar techniques, that we use
Only technical and functional cookies are used on our website. And analytical cookies that do not infringe on your privacy. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer, tablet or smartphone when you first visit this website. The cookies we use are necessary for the technical operation of the website and your ease of use. They ensure that the website works properly and, for example, remember your preferences. We can also use this to further optimize our website. You can opt out of cookies by setting your internet browser so that it no longer stores cookies. In addition, you can also delete all information that was previously saved via the settings of your browser.
Google Analytics
The Analytics cookies we use are from Google Analytics, a web analysis service offered by Google Inc. For proper processing, in accordance with privacy legislation, we have concluded a processing agreement with Google. Within Google Analytics, we have anonymised the IP addresses and the sharing of data with Google has been turned off. There is also no use of other Google services in combination with Google Analytics cookies.
View, modify or delete data
You have the right to view, correct or delete your personal data. In addition, you have the right to withdraw your consent for data processing or to object to the processing of your personal data and you have the right to data transferability. This means that you can submit a request to us to send the personal data that we have in a computer file to you or another organization mentioned by you.
You can send a request for access, correction, deletion, data transfer of your personal data or request for withdrawal of your consent or objection to the processing of your personal data to yourprivacy@veromatic.com.
To ensure that the request for inspection has been made by you, we request that you send a copy of your proof of identity with the request. Make your passport photo, MRZ (machine readable zone, the strip with numbers at the bottom of the passport), passport number and citizen service number (BSN) unreadable in this copy. This is to protect your privacy. We will respond to your request as quickly as possible, but within four weeks.
We would also like to point out that you have the possibility to file a complaint with the national data protection authority, the Dutch Data Protection Authority. You can do this via the following link: https://autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl/nl/contact-met-de-autoriteit-persoonsgegevens/tip-ons
How we protect personal data
We take the protection of your data very seriously and take appropriate measures to prevent abuse, loss, unauthorized access, unwanted disclosure and unauthorized changes. If you have the impression that your data is not properly protected or there are indications of abuse, please contact our customer service (+31 78 654 09 55) or via yourprivacy@veromatic.com.
Changes to Privacy Statement
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Statement. You can see when the last changes were made on the date mentioned above. We recommend that you regularly consult our Privacy Statement so that you are aware of the changes.
Veromatic International Veromatic International BV was founded in 1991 and is located in Dordrecht. Since its inception, Veromatic has developed into an international player in the development and production of high-quality machinery for warm and cold beverages for the professional market.
Our products The machines produced by Veromatic are user-friendly. Delivering excellent and predictable in-cup quality is central to our approach. Not only the preparation of the desired products is easy, the maintenance of the machines is also easy to carry out. Of course we focus on optimum quality of the drinks, the in-cup quality.
Contact Donker Duyvisweg 56
3316 BM Dordrecht
The Netherlands
Tel: +31 (0)78 654 09 55
Mail: sales@veromatic.com
© 2020 Veromatic.
Part of the Godrej Group
Disclaimer
Privacy Statement
Cookie policy
Website by Webreact
Do you have any questions or need advice? Call +31 (0)78 654 09 55
Home
Products
Coffee machines
Minibar Coffee machines
Minibar soup and chocolate
Accessories
Become a dealer
Innovation
Research & Development
Optimal intuitive operation
Unique technology
Design to last
News
Company
About us
Godrej Group
Vacancies
Values & Principles
Support
Maintenance
Contact
English
Nederlands
Deutsch
Dealer portal