http://www.amazinggates.com/terms_privacy.asp
Skip to content
AGA
About Amazing Gates
Customer Gallery
Driveway Gate Photos
Customer Reviews
How to Send a Photo
Free Online Quote
Access Controls
Automatic Gate Openers
Remote Transmitters
Telephone Entry Systems
Keypad Entry Systems
DIY/Instruction Manuals
DIY Help Center
Nav Menu 5
Nav Menu 6
Nav Menu 7
Nav Menu 8
PRIVACY POLICY FOR AMAZING GATES
Privacy Statement and Policies
Amazing Gates of America has created this privacy statement
in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses the information gathering and
dissemination practices for www.amazinggates.com.
AMAZING GATES is enrolled in
Trustwave's Trusted Commerce™ program to validate compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) mandated by all the major credit card associations including: American Express, Diners Club, Discover, JCB, MasterCard Worldwide, Visa, Inc. and Visa Europe.
Trustwave specializes in Website Security, Privacy, and Business Verification Seals that build customer trust and loyalty, increase online sales, and improve website credibility.This privacy statement covers the site www.amazinggates.com.
Because this Web site wants to demonstrate its commitment
to your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information
practices and have its privacy practices reviewed for
compliance by Trustwave.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement,
you should first contact Ken Helfer at
ask@amazinggates.com.
Registration Forms
Our site's EasyQuote requires users to give us contact
information (like name, email, and postal address, and
phone numbers),
and demographic information (like their city, state,
and zip code). Contact information from the registration
form is used to provide information
about our products, and is used to get in touch with
the customer
when
necessary.
Newsletters
If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter(s), we will
use your name and email address to send the newsletter
to you. Out of respect for your privacy, we provide
you a way to unsubscribe. Please see the “Choice
and Opt-out” section.
Order Forms
Our site uses an order form to purchase products. We
collect contact information, financial information
(like credit card numbers) and demographic information
(like zip codes). Contact information from the order
forms is used to process credit card orders, ship products,
provide customer service, and is used to get in touch
with the customer when necessary. Financial information
that is collected is used only to bill the customer
for products and services.
Testimonials
Occasionally our customers send us testimonials about
our products and service. If you send us information,
we may post your letter to our website with your name,
city and state. If you do not wish us to post your
personal information, please let us know when you send
the letter.
If you have previously sent us a letter and wish your
name and/or location to be removed or abbreviated,
please contact us as ask@amazinggates.com and we will
be happy
to
remove or abbreviate it.
Dissemination of Information
Amazing Gates of America is not in the information business.
We do not, nor will not give, sell, barter, share,
or otherwise make available to third parties any information
you provide, except for the express purpose of expediting
or fulfilling your order or contacting you about Amazing
Gates products.
External Links
This site contain links to other sites. The Amazing Gates
of America web site(s) is not responsible for the privacy
practices or the content of such web sites.
Security
Our web site has security measures in place to protect
the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information
under our control. Amazing Gates of America security
certificates and encryption methods provided by Thawte
over SSL (Secure Socket Layer) furnished by Thawte
(www.thawte.com). Amazing Gates of America's certificate
may be validated by using the Security Information
section of your browser. Other methods and practices
for making our web site less vulnerable to hackers/crackers
are also in place.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s
computer for record-keeping purposes. Your web browser
offers cookies that store small amounts of data on your
computer about your visits to our website.
We use session ID cookies to make it easier for you
to navigate and shop on our site. A session ID cookie
is used to track your session and store the items in
your shopping cart while you go to other sections of
our website. The session ID cookie expires when you close
you browser.
We also use persistent cookies to assist us in tracking
which of our features you like best by tracking the pages
you visit, the amount of time spent on our website, and
how often you return to visit the website. These cookies
are controlled by a third party used by Amazing Gates
to assist in analyzing visitor statistics. This information
is accumulated and aggregated into anonymous reports
of the total visitor traffic to our site and is not tied
to any personally identifiable information.
In general, we do not use cookies to identify, monitor,
or track any personally identifiable information. Our
cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information
about you. We do not merge or associate our cookie information
with any personally identifiable information obtained
by us.
Opening links to other websites from www.amazinggates.com
brings you to websites for which we are not responsible.
Those websites may use cookies or other means of collecting
your personally identifiable information. We have no
access to or control over these websites or their cookies.
This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by www.amazinggates.com
only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
You have control over cookies. By modifying your browser
preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies,
to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all
cookies. For more information on how to modify your browser
settings to remove, block or filter cookies, see
http://www.cookiecentral.com/faq/.
If you reject some or all cookies, your experience at
our site will not be complete.
Some of our business partners
use cookies on our site. We have no access to or control
over these cookies.
Web Beacons
Our web pages that use Google Analytics services
contain electronic image requests (called a "single-pixel
gif" or "web beacon" request) that allow
us to count page views and to access cookies. Any electronic
image viewed as part of a web page, including an ad
banner, can act as a web beacon. Web beacons are typically
1-by-1 pixel files, but their presence can usually
be seen within the Internet Explorer browser by clicking
on "View" and then on "Source" on
the Internet Explorer menu. Our web beacons do not
collect, gather, monitor or share any personal information
about our web site visitors, they are simply a technique
used to compile anonymous information about usage of
our website.
Computer Profiles
Through our technology, we also collect and accumulate
other anonymous data that helps us understand and analyze
the Internet experience of our visitors. For example,
we accumulate visitor data relating to referring domains,
the type of browsers used, operating system software
(e.g. Windows XP vs. 7), screen resolutions, color
capabilities, plug-ins, language settings, cookie preferences,
search engine keywords and JavaScript enablement. We
also record number of visits, paths taken, and time
spent on sites and pages. None of this information
is personally identifiable.
Agents
We use outside shipping companies to fulfill
orders, and a credit card processing company to charge
your credit card for
goods and services. These companies do not retain, share,
store or use personally identifiable information for
any other purposes.
Service Providers
We use Constant Contact
to provide newsletter registration and management services
on our website. When you sign up for the newsletter,
Constant Contact collects and utilizes your email and
personal information only as necessary for the them
to provide
that
service. Constant contact
does
not use your personally
identifiable
information for any other purpose.
Legal Disclosure
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable
information as required by law and when we believe
that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights
and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order,
or legal process served on our Web site.
Choice/Opt-out
If you no longer wish to receive
our newsletter and promotional communications, you
may opt-out of receiving
them by following the instructions included in each newsletter
or communication or by emailing us at ask@amazinggates.com.
Or you may contact
us at 1-800-234-3952 to opt-out.
To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the "My Account" section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.
If we were ever to wish to share your
information to any third party that is not our agent
or service provider, you would be notified so you could
make an informed choice as to whether or not to share
your
information
with that
party.
Changes to Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post
those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage,
and other places we deem appropriate so that you are
aware of what information we collect, how we use it,
and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement
at any time, so please review it frequently. If we
make material changes to this policy, we will notify
you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our
homepage.
Access to Personally Identifiable
Information
If your personally identifiable information changes,
or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct,
update, or deactivate it by emailing our Customer Support
at ask@amazinggates.com or by contacting us by telephone
or postal mail at the contact information listed below.
Contacting Amazing Gates
If you have any questions about this privacy statement,
the practices of the site, or your dealings with this
Web site, you can contact: ask@amazinggates.com or
write to us at:
Amazing Gates of America
8617 Paseo Alameda NE
Albuquerque, NM 87113
USA
Note: The TRUST GUARD program covers only information that
is collected through this Web site, and does not cover
information that may be collected through software downloaded
from this site.
Privacy Policy Last Updated on 3/25/2013
Contact us at:
Amazing Gates of America
8617 Paseo Alameda NE
Albuquerque, New Mexico 87113
USA
1-800-234-3952
Back to top