http://www.cambreg.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Cambridge Regulatory Services uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website.
Cambridge Regulatory Services is a consultancy providing pharmaceutical regulatory support, pharmacovigilance and medical information services. We may collect information that allows us to communicate effectively with representatives from our industry to provide scientific, strategic and operational support and services to companies. Information may also be used for the purpose of drug safety surveillance.
To request us to get back to you via email or phone we have web forms on our websites and general email addresses that allow you to submit your contact information to Cambridge Regulatory Services. This information is automatically stored so we can get back in touch with you promptly.
When we collect personal data, we are considered a Data Controller by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) of the EU and as such the following contact information is provided:
Cambridge Regulatory Services2 Cabot House, Compass Point Business ParkSt. IvesCambridgeshirePE27 5JLUKPhone: +44 (0)1480 465755Email: info@cambreg.co.uk
Cambridge Regulatory Services is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode
other information relevant to us providing you with our services
Data reported on patients who have experienced adverse events to enable us to understand more about the risks and benefits of a given product.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
For adverse event data, it is required for the purpose of drug safety surveillance and may be shared with health authorities.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
you may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the GDPR 2018 legislation. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please email us.
Information will be held for a period of 10 years or longer if needed to comply with legal and regulatory requirements
You have a right to complain to the ICO if you think there is a problem with the way we are handling your data  https://ico.org.uk/concerns/.
if you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at our address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
you also have the right to ask us to erase any and all data we hold on file concerning you.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at our address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Cambridge Regulatory Services may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from April 2018.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
On our websites, we collaborate with Google to collect and analyse data about browsing behaviour and to support us in presenting relevant ads to you as you browse the web using cookies.
The general data necessary to understand this, such as your IP address, is transferred to Google in the United States of America for processing to understand the origin of visitors and clicks to subsequently create commission settlements.
Just as with other cookies, they can be blocked and/or deleted from your browser at any time.
In addition, it is possible to explicitly opt-out by downloading and installing a browser add-on from https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout that will block any collection of personal data for analytical purposes. The installation of this add-on is computer specific and must be reinstalled should you change computer or reinstall the computer the add-on originally resided on.
If you wish to object to interest-based advertising by Google you can make the desired settings at www.google.de/settings/ads on each computer and browser that you use.
Who we help:
Generic
Innovator
Biosimilar
Over the counter
Herbals
Food / Cosmetic / Device
New to Europe
New to registering medicines