http://www.targetauction.com/privacy-policy
Join Our Email ListNotify Me of Upcoming Auctions and Updates.Mailinglist * Subscribe to our newsletterReal Estate Auction Company Home(800) 476-3939Contact UsSubscribe
Toggle navigation
Auctions Sellers Marketing Sell at Auction Fun Facts Results Reviews Buyers Brokers Seller Representation Buyer Representation About Us Our Executive Team Blog Privacy PolicyWhat information do we collect?Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website. We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our auction alerts, request email updates, respond to a survey or fill out a form, register to bid. You may submit personally identifiable information to us on certain areas of the website by completing a form or sending feedback, responding to an auction alert, or sending us an email. Such information is used only to facilitate or respond to your inquiries or requests, and for market research purposes. When registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, email address, mailing address and/or phone number.What do we use your information for?Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:To personalize your experience – your information helps us to better respond to your individual needsTo improve our website – we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from youTo improve customer service – your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needsTo process transactions – Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.To send periodic emails – The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails please contact auctioninfo@targetauction.com and request to unsubscribe.How do we protect your information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive / credit information is transmitted through secured technology and is contained behind secured networks and is accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored on our servers.Do we use cookies?Yes, as with other websites, we use cookies and other technologies to collect information. (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly.Do we disclose any information to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. The only exceptions for disclosure of personal information under our privacy policy are that we will make disclosure: (a) as required by law, or (b) during the course of litigation, or (c) when we determine that for national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary.Third party linksOccasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.California Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceBecause we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.Third-party behavioral trackingIt's also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral trackingChildren’s Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceWe are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are not directed to persons under 18. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us immediately. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files.CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders. Send you additional information related to your product and/or service Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way. Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters. Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used. Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly. Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.Online Privacy Policy OnlyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Your ConsentBy using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy PolicyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we reserve the right to do so at any time by updating the Privacy Policy by posting such changes or modifications on this page and modification date below. By using our Site, you consent to our use of information as described in this privacy policy.This policy was last modified on January 15, 2018Contacting UsIf you have any questions or concerns regarding our website privacy policy, please contact us using the information below:auctioninfo@targetauction.com216 South 4th Street, Suite AGadsden, AL 35901United States800-476-3939djacobs@targetauction.com Results Upcoming Auctions
Target Auction Company has been in the real estate auction business since 1983. As a result of our many years of successful auction events throughout the country, our firm generates the results our clients expect.Quick Links Auctions Sellers Reviews Results Blog Brokers Buyers Contact Us About Us Mobile App Privacy PolicyContact Us 216 South 4th Street Suite A Gadsden, AL 35901
Phone: 800-476-3939auctioninfo@targetauction.com
Join Our Email ListNotify Me of Upcoming Auctions and Updates.Mailinglist * Subscribe to our newsletter
2020 © Target Auction. All Rights Reserved. Site powered by