https://www.linnsoft.com/privacy-policy#cookies
Skip to main content
Join Us
Contact
Login
Create Account
Toggle navigation
Investor/RT Take the Tour
Indicator Library
RTX Extensions
RTL Language
Homework and Research
What's New
Pricing
Free Trial
Download
Charts Linnsoft Samples
Most Viewed
Latest Charts
ChartShare Info
Videos All Videos
FT71
Getting Started
Homework Series
Multi-pane Charts
Profile
RTL series
RTX
RTX Development
Session Statistics
Trading Systems
TPO Profile
Volume
Volume Breakdown
Webinars
Partners Broker/FCM
Data Vendors
Educators
Trading Communities
Developers
Funding
Forum
Support Find an Indicator
Knowledge Base
Open Support Ticket
Premium Support
Subscribe
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
When you use the Investor/RT software itself, the software identifies you by your email address, your customer id number, and the license code issued to you by the web site. The software periodically collects information about the version of the software you are using, whether you are using the MS Windows or the Apple macOS operating system, and the data source and the generic name of the brokerage destination, if any, in use with the software. This information is used to provide customer support specific to the version and software configuration you are using. No other trading related information of any kind is collected. The software has a failure reporting system that collects information about the nature of a software failure and sends diagnostic information to the web site. The information collected includes the email address, ip address, and software version/configuration details to assist in diagnosis and correction of software defects. The failure reporting feature is enabled by default and may be turned off by the user by setting a configuration setting in the Investor/RT software.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, company name, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
We do not collect or store any financial payment information on our servers.
If you have opened up support tickets, any information provided is also collected and archived by a third-party service provider. We do not collect or store data from support tickets on our servers. The ticket data is archived on the third-party server in order to provide an ongoing customer support web service.
If you have posted any content or comments or shared charts from Investor/RT to our website, the only visible and accessible data about you on those web pages is your account username. You can also edit or delete any content you have contributed to the site. If you have used Linnsoft ChartShare, you can make your charts private and visible only to you and site administrators.
This is the extent of data we collect in order to enable online access to our products and services based on information you have provided in order to download, trial or subscribe to Investor/RT.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. according to your email preferences.
How to set up your email preferences.
Your account data and email settings can be found on your account Edit page. You may receive different types of emails from Linn Software according to these settings:
Email newsletter and announcements of new features and versions of Investor/RT. "Mailing List" (all registered users)
Email receipts of payments you make for products or services. (subscribers only)
Email notifications when new content is posted on pages you choose to follow. (subscribers only)
Contact from other subscribers in our Forum section (subscribers only) - Note that your email address is never visible in this case.
You have full control to manage these email options and all of your account data at any time. Simply login and from your account page, click on the Edit tab to set your preferences using the appropriate checkboxes.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How to manage your account data.
Please review the following detailed help desk article How to manage your account on our website in order to understand how to edit or delete your account data, content and adjust your settings.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging in and clicking on the 'Edit' tab when viewing their account details.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our products, services and website.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
This policy was last modified on May 24, 2018
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.linnsoft.com
P.O. Box 1135
Conyers, GA 30012
USAsupport@linnsoft.com