http://www.alufoil.org/en/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy
1. Basic information on data processing
This Data Protection Declaration explains how we use personal data within our website www.alufoil.org and for what purpose. You can view this declaration at any time on our website.
We take the protection of your personal data seriously and treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations. We collect, use and store personal data exclusively within the framework of the provisions of data protection laws. These are in particular the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the new German Federal Data Protection Act and federal state-specific data protection laws.
Concretely, this means that we will only use your data if permitted by law. This means that we may process your data if the data processing is necessary for the provision of our services (e.g. to process enquiries), if your consent has been provided or if it is justified to process the data based on our legitimate interests (operation and security of our website).
The terms used, such as “personal data” or “processing”, correspond to the definitions of the GDPR.
2. Controller
The controller of the data processing is: European Aluminium Foil Association e.V. (EAFA), Mörsenbroicher Weg 200, 40470 Düsseldorf, phone: +49 211 387 326 02, enquiries(at)alufoil.org
3. Legal basis
We note that the following legal grounds generally exist for the processing:
Consents pursuant to Articles 6(1)a and 7 GDPR.
Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract or for entering into a contract with you, Article 6(1)b GDPR.
Compliance with our legal obligations, Article 6(1)c GDPR.
Processing is necessary for of our legitimate interests, Article 6(1)f GDPR.
4. Disclosure of data to third parties and third-party providers
We will only pass on your data to third parties within the framework of legal regulations, for example if this is necessary on the basis of Article 6(1)b GDPR for contractual purposes or if it is justified on the basis of legitimate interests in accordance with Article 6(1)f GDPR.
If we use third parties to provide our online services, we take appropriate legal precautions as well as appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure the protection of your personal data.
5. Collection and use of data
We collect and use personal data of every user, as far as this is necessary for the user to be able to use our website. This includes in particular features to identify the user and information at the beginning and end as well as the extent of use of our website.
We collect general data and information each time you visit our website. These general data and this information is stored in the server log files of the server (see Section 7 of this Data Protection Declaration).
6. Security
We maintain technical and organizational measures to ensure data security. However, we would like to point out that data transmission over the internet (e.g. communication by e-mail) may be subject to security gaps. Seamless protection of data against access by third parties is not possible.
7. Server log files
On the basis of our legitimate interests in the terms of Article 6(1)f GDPR, we collect data on each access to the server on which our website is located ("server log files"). Your browser automatically transmits these server log files to us. The data collected in this way include the date and time of access, location, country, federal state, region, city, URL (Internet address) of the referring website, the file accessed, notification of successful access, browser type and browser version as well as information about your operating system. We use this information exclusively for statistical purposes as well as for internal analytical purposes. These data cannot be attributed to specific persons. These data are not combined with other data sources.
8. Cookies
Our website uses cookies to make the offerings attractive and to enable the use of certain functions. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and enable the recognition of your browser. They also serve to determine the frequency of use and the number of users on our website.
"Session cookies" are used on our websites, and are stored temporarily exclusively for the duration of use of one of our Internet pages and are then automatically deleted.
In addition, "permanent cookies" are used to record information about users who repeatedly use our website. With the help of permanent cookies, we can recognize users and offer them optimal use of our website.
By changing the browser settings, cookies can be prevented from being stored on the computer of the users of our website. The storage of cookies can be prevented by selecting "do not accept cookies" in the browser settings. This may limit the functionality of our website.
9. Contact form
If you send us enquiries using the contact form, your details from the enquiry form, including the contact data you have provided there, will be stored for the purpose of processing the enquiry and in the event of follow-up questions. We will not share this information without your consent (except for the contractors who help us to provide our website).
The processing is based on Article 6(1)b GDPR.
10. Social media
In addition to the website www.alufoil.org, we also have accounts on Twitter, LinkedIn and YouTube ("social media"). Our website www.alufoil.org contains links to our appearances in these social media. If you visit our accounts there, personal data may be transferred to the provider of the social medium. In addition to storing the data you have specifically entered in this social medium, social media providers can also collect, process or use further information.
Moreover, social media providers may also collect, process and use the most important data of the computer system from which you access the social network. These data include, for example, your IP address, the type of processor used and the browser version including plug-ins.
If you are logged in with your personal social medium user account while visiting a social medium, the social medium provider can assign the visit to your account. If you do not wish the provider of a social medium to make such an assignment, you must log out of your account before you visit our website in the relevant social medium.
Please refer to the respective regulations of the social medium as to the purpose and scope for which the social medium collects the data and how it further uses and processes the data and what rights you have against the social medium regarding the processing of your data.
11. Press releases
You can register on our website to receive further information about us and our press releases (together "press releases"). You must enter your name and e-mail address in a contact form. You can also voluntarily enter further data in the contact form. Once you have registered, we will use your e-mail address to send you the information.
Your data will be processed on the basis of Article 6(1)b GDPR. In addition, in accordance with Article 6(1)f GDPR, we are entitled under data protection law to use your e-mail address to send press releases based on our interest in the direct advertising.
You can cancel the receipt of our press releases or revoke your consent at any time. If you do not wish to receive any further press releases, please let us know by sending an e-mail to the following address: enquiries(at)alufoil.org. You may terminate this service at any time without any costs incurring.
12. Rights of the data subject
You are entitled to rights in accordance with Articles 15 to 22 GDPR if the legal prerequisites are met. These are your rights to information, rectification, erasure as well as the right of restriction of processing and data portability.
In addition, you have a right to object to the processing based on Article 6(1)f GDPR and thus affecting our legitimate interests.
You may revoke your previously given consent for the future.
13. Right of appeal to the supervisory authority
Pursuant to Article 77 GDPR, you have the right to complain to the supervisory authority if you believe that the processing of your personal data is not lawful.
14. Duration of storage
The data stored by us will be erased as soon as the data are no longer necessary for the purposes they are intended for and the erasure does not conflict with any statutory retention obligations. The legal retention periods are 6 years in accordance with § 257 of the Commercial Code for commercial books, inventories, commercial letters, opening balance sheets, etc. and ten years in accordance with § 147 of the Tax Code for books, records, receipts and other tax-relevant documents.