http://www.goorin.com/pages/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Orders
If you purchase a product from Goorin, we request certain identifiable information from you on our order form. You must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). We use this information for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you. We do not store your credit card information.Goorin Brothers Inc. is the SOLE owner of the information collected on Goorin.com. We do NOT share information with ANY third-party.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can send email us at websupport@goorin.com
Payment Information
In order to process your Credit Card orders, we use Shopify Payments (Powered by Stripe), Paypal, Apple Pay or Amazon Pay third party services, to validate & verify your account information. All billing and account info is transmitted via https which is a secure encrypted protocol system.
Information Collected from Goorin Bros. Visitors
This section applies to Personal Information we may process in the usual course of business via the Site.
If you are a Visitor, Goorin Bros. collects information on your use of the Site, such as pages visited, links clicked, non-sensitive text entered, and mouse movements, as well as information more commonly collected such as the referring URL, browser, operating system, and Internet Protocol (“IP”) address. We use publicly available sources to approximate your geographic region and Internet Service Provider based on your IP address. We use the term “Usage Data” to refer to this information about your use of the Site that we collect. Goorin Bros.’s purpose in collecting Usage Data is to better understand how Goorin Bros.’s Visitors use the Site.
Goorin Bros. collects information that may be personally identifiable, such as IP addresses. Also, you may choose to interact with the Site in a way that results in your providing Personal Information to Goorin Bros., such as giving us your name, email address, and user name when signing up for a free trial of the Services or creating an account to license the Services or to post comments to the Goorin Bros. blog or social media sites, etc. Any information you provide in the Goorin Bros. blog or social media areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them.
Any Personal Information provided by you as a Visitor to the Site will be used only as described in this Privacy Policy and in Goorin Bros.’s Acceptable Use Policy located at https://www.goorin.com/pages/privacy-policy/.
Cookies on the Site:
For Visitors to the Site, Goorin Bros. uses first party cookies, third party cookies, and other tracking technologies in order to:
Provide personalized pages for visitors,
Help us track email response rates, measure the success of our marketing campaigns, identify when our emails are viewed and track whether our emails are forwarded,
Provide assistance in navigation,
Provide assistance during the visit,
Analyze your use of our products, services, or applications,
Assist us with our promotional or marketing efforts.
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences, or your device. It is used to make the Site work as you expect it to, and is designed to give you a more personalized web experience.
Because we respect your right to privacy, we provide you with a nice user interface you can use to opt out of our use of some types of cookies. In our Privacy Preference Centre, you can click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default cookie settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Here are the types of cookies we use:
Strictly Necessary Cookies: These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in, or filling in forms.
You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.
Performance & Functionality Cookies: These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our website but are non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality may become unavailable.
Analytics, Advertising & Customization Cookies: These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our websites are being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our websites and applications for you in order to enhance your experience.
We use the information we collect from you for billing purposes and to fill your orders. We do not store your credit card information. If you have created a Username and Password to the site or if you have signed up to receive our Email Newsletter updates we may use your purchase history to personalize special offers and promotions. These offers and promotions will be delivered to you in the form of an email newsletter.
Third-Party Websites, Services and Technologies
We may provide links to third-party websites on the Website or in other communications to you. These links may appear as a specific domain name or URL or may be activated by clicking on an advertisement or other icon or graphic. Please be aware that other websites and services, including the websites of third parties that you connect with through the Website, may collect personally identifiable information about you. We cannot control and are not responsible for the information collection practices of any third-party websites, services or applications. We encourage you to carefully review their terms of use, privacy policies, and any other legal notifications before using or providing information through such websites, services or applications.
Further, the Website may employ third party technologies that require you to accept such third party’s terms. For example, Shopify Inc. provides us with an online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.  Shopify Inc.’s privacy policy is available at https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy.
Information we share
Except as described in this Privacy Policy, Goorin Brothers does not share, rent or sell your Personal Information collected through the Website with third parties.
Goorin Brothers or its agents, vendors or contractors may disclose Information, including your Personal Information, to third parties in the following circumstances:
To our agents, vendors or contractors that we use to support the internal operations of our business (including to Shopify Inc., our ecommerce partner) who are required to keep the Information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
If required to do so by law, comply with legal process or to comply with a governmental or regulatory request;
To protect and defend the rights or property of Goorin Brothers or its agents or contractors;
To enforce our Terms of Service or other Goorin Brothers agreements;
To act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Website or the public; and
As part of a transaction or potential transaction where Goorin Brothers merges with another organization, files for bankruptcy, or sells its assets or capital stock.
Security of your Information
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards designed to protect the Information. Despite the actions and precautions we take, no data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of the Information and you acknowledge and agree that you transmit it to us at your own risk.
Your Rights
As a Data Subject you have rights under the GDPR or CCPA. These rights can be seen below. Goorin Brothers will always fully respect your rights regarding the processing of your personal data, and has provided below the details of the person to contact if you have any concerns or questions regarding how we process your data, or if you wish to exercise any rights you have under the GDPR or CCPA.
Surveys or Contests
Goorin will provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our site. If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information such as name, shipping address, e-mail address, and demographic information (such as zip code). We use this information to notify contest winners and award prizes and to send participants our HTML email newsletter.
Referral
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site or a product, we will ask you for your friend’s email address. Your friend will receive an HTML e-mail from Goorin.com.
Loyalty Program
Goorin’s VIP loyalty program offers select customers access to exclusive products, pre-releases, and other perks. The program offers several tiers with varying levels of perks. Goorin reserves the right to adjust this loyalty program without notice.
SMS/MMS MOBILE MESSAGING
We respect your privacy. We will only use information you provide through the Program to transmit your mobile messages and respond to you, if necessary. This includes, but is not limited to, sharing information with platform providers, phone companies, and other vendors who assist us in the delivery of mobile messages. WE DO NOT SELL, RENT, LOAN, TRADE, LEASE, OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER FOR PROFIT ANY PHONE NUMBERS OR CUSTOMER INFORMATION COLLECTED THROUGH THE PROGRAM TO ANY THIRD PARTY. Nonetheless, We reserve the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, to avoid liability, or to protect Our rights or property. When you complete forms online or otherwise provide Us information in connection with the Program, you agree to provide accurate, complete, and true information. You agree not to use a false or misleading name or a name that you are not authorized to use. If, in Our sole discretion, We believe that any such information is untrue, inaccurate, or incomplete, or you have opted into the Program for an ulterior purpose, We may refuse you access to the Program and pursue any appropriate legal remedies.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits Users of the Program that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of the information you provide through the Program to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us at the following address: Goorin Brothers, 1890 Bryant St. Suite 208, San Francisco CA 94110.
Customer Service
Based upon the personally identifiable information you provide us, we will send you a welcoming email to verify your username and password. We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide the services you request, and to manage your account. We will communicate with you by email or telephone, in accordance with your wishes.
Legal Disclaimer
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our website.
Contact Info
The identity and contact detail for the Data Protection Officer within Goorin Brothers is:  Goorin Brothers, 1890 Bryant St. Suite 208, San Francisco CA 94110.
email: support@goorin.com
Need to Ship Internationally?
Ordering from outside of the USA is simple via our freight forwarding services partner. Learn how here.
Holiday Return Policy
Purchases made between November 17th thru December 31st may be returned or exchanged until Jan 14th, 2021.
1 Year Manufacturer Guarantee
We offer a 1 year Manufacturers Guarantee on all of our products, from the date of purchase.
Buy Online, Pick Up In-Store
Browse our selection online and select the in-store pickup option at checkout. We will have your hat packed and ready for you to swing by for an easy handoff.
Shop
Fedoras
Flatcaps
Baseballs
Straw
Gift Cards
Goorin
Our Story
The Farm
Careers
Sizing Guide
Workshops
Enter your email to subscribe for updates.
Email
Want to tell us something? Have a question? We'd love to hear from you!
Contact Support
Help
Returns
Shops
© 2020 Goorin Bros, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions