http://www.aric.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Notice of Website Privacy and Security Practices
American Republic Insurance Company and its affiliates (collectively the “Company”) understand the importance of keeping your personal information confidential. We are committed to maintaining the confidentiality of your personal information and earning your trust. Therefore, we offer our website privacy and security practices below to:
Demonstrate our commitment to your privacy and security
Help you understand the care with which we intend to treat your information
Assure you that we take reasonable steps to see that these practices are followed
This Privacy Policy and the Notice of Website Privacy and Security Practices (collectively the “Policy”) pertains to, and governs, only information the Company collects from you through this website. It does not pertain to, or govern, the Company’s collection, use, storage, or protection of any personal information you submit to us via any other means, including, without limitation, via a third party agent or by phone, e-mail other than through this website, and the U.S. Mail. We cannot control the privacy and security policies of websites you may access through this website. In order to determine the privacy and security practices of any other websites, you must refer to the privacy and security policies associated with those websites.
Notice of privacy practices
You may receive a copy of the Company’s Notice of Privacy Practices that describes how we may use and disclose your personal health and financial information and explains the legal rights you have under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA).
Website use provisions
When you visit the Company’s website, our computers and servers may automatically collect statistics about your visit. In these instances, this information does not identify you personally, but rather identifies functions performed during a visit to our website. The Company may monitor user specific and user non-specific statistics, including but not limited to, how many users visit our website, a user’s internet protocol (IP) address, which pages people visit, from which domains our visitors come, and which browsers people use.
As a standard, the Company’s website servers use log files. Our log file processes will perform tracking on IP addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks within our website. Our log file processes also administer the website, track users’ movement in the interactive sections, and gather broad demographic information for business purposes as permitted by law. Other logs will be kept for those applications that are submitted to us through the website in order to retain and process the products and services that were requested.
When using an e-signature, you are contractually agreeing to our use of your information as described above and/or as revised from time to time by the Company. By visiting our website, you have the ability to view this Policy and the website’s Terms and Conditions of use and any revision of these policies. For information about the Terms and Conditions of your use and access of this website, please refer to our Terms and Conditions.
Website information collection and use
The Company may require website users to submit information in order to perform certain website functions. To ensure that users receive products and services which best match their needs, users must provide complete and accurate information about themselves and those persons who will also benefit from these products and services. Examples of information users may be required to provide, include, but are not limited to, name, address, and financial information (e.g. credit card number, expiration date, etc.) to fully execute their request for a product and/or service. The information collected is used for business purposes, such as underwriting, billing, and premium collection. The Company does not sell, rent, or lease any of the information collected on this website to any person or organization. If the Company is unable to process a website function, the user’s information collected up until that point may be used to contact the user in order to fulfill the product or service request.
Additionally, we will only collect payment information from you when making purchases on this website or using certain features on this site. We will use your payment information to process your transactions. By making a purchase on this site, you consent to us providing your payment information to our service providers and to such third parties as we determine is necessary to process your transactions.
Personal information may be shared among the affiliated companies of American Enterprise Group, Inc., and with select third parties as permitted or required by law. The Company also reserves the right to share your information with third parties if we believe such action is necessary in order to: a) conform with the requirements of any court order, government request, or legal process; b) protect or defend the Company’s legal rights or property, or those of its policyholders, its website(s), or website users; or c) investigate, prevent, or respond to illegal activity, suspected fraud, or threats.
Unless otherwise detailed, this website is not directed toward children. We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that personal information on a child under the age of 13 is collected via the child’s use and access of this website, we will delete that information from our systems.
How personal information is protected
Our information technology systems use industry-recognized security controls to protect user information, and we have data security personnel whose sole responsibilities are to ensure the security of the information we collect, process, and store. Additionally, the Company has internal policies and procedures in place to limit access to user information to only those who have a business need to view it.
The Company is able to securely collect and transfer user information using encryption technology. We employ Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption for all user information entered on the website. SSL technology encrypts information as it travels from the user’s browser to our servers, and again from our server back to the user’s browser. Therefore, a user’s browser must support SSL encryption in order to fully utilize our website.
The Company may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and this site or administer activities on our behalf, such as authorization of credit card transactions or other administration purposes. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes only. The Company utilizes certificate providers to apply the SSL technology for online transactions. The certificates allow our website users to perform website functions such as credit card transactions and application entry and submission in a manner that cannot be intercepted or decrypted over the Internet. Certificate providers also verify that website users are conducting business with the Company. In order to confirm that a user’s browser supports the SSL encryption functionality, the user should look for icons on the browser’s window, such as a key or a closed lock. The Company encourages website users to verify that these icons are present before entering billing and credit card information.
All personal information and account activity are also protected through the use of user names and passwords. In order to help maintain the security of your information, you should protect the confidentiality of your user name and password.
Use of cookies
A “cookie,” by definition, is a piece of information that a website sends to a user’s browser, which then stores information on the user’s computer system. Users should be aware that cookies contain no more information than is volunteered, and are not able to “invade” the hard drive and return to the sender personal or other information from the user’s computer.
Many Internet website’s use cookies to “remember” information about users and user preferences, either until the current browser window is exited (if the cookie is temporary) or until the user disables or deletes the cookie.
The Company’s website employs a cookie with your insurance agent’s name and contact information. Your personal information is not stored with a cookie.
Consent and changes to this website
By using this website, you signify your consent to this Policy. If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not use this website. The Company reserves the right, at our discretion, to update, change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Policy from time to time. Significant changes to this Policy will be promptly disclosed in the Policy. Any changes become effective immediately upon posting to this website.
Before the Company makes a significant change in its website privacy and/or security practices and/or this Policy, we will change this Policy and post it on this website at the time of the change. The Company reserves the right to make the new terms effective for all information which we maintain, including personal information that we collected or received before the Company made the changes to the Policy. This Policy is not intended to nor does it create any contractual or other legal right in or on behalf of any party, including you. We encourage you to check this page regularly, as your continued use or access of this website following any changes will be deemed to constitute your acceptance and agreement of such change.
Accuracy
When you submit any information to us in connection with any products or services we offer, you consent to our processing of this information as necessary to provide the products and services in which you are participating. We do our best to maintain the accuracy of personal information you supply to us, and we will make corrections when you notify us. If you find information you would like to correct or update in any statements or other communication you receive from us, please contact our Customer Care Center:
American Republic
P. O. Box 10386
Des Moines, IA 50306-0386
(800) 228-6080
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the practices of the site, you may contact:
American Republic
Attn: Privacy Officer
P. O. Box 10386
Des Moines, IA 50306-0386
(800) 228-6080
Search for: