https://www.elba-cookers.com/privacy-policy/
+39 0423 9121 info@elba-cookers.it
MADE IN ITALY SINCE 1950
Home / Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICYEthical codeFisher&Paykel Appliances Italy S.p.A. manages its activities in an ethical way, with moral integrity and fairness according to the principles in respect of its company statute. All personnel of FPAI S.p.A. operate in respect of such ethical code and expect all people dealing with to respect the same.PrivacyWith reference to law n° 196 of June 30 2003, referring to personal data protection, we inform you that personal data gathered in this website will be stored in protected electronic devices and will be object of confidential treatment by FPAI S.p.A..Failure to provide them could result in the non availability of the information required. All data will be handled only for the purposes related to commercial, management,statistical and fiscal issues in respect of the legislation.Your data will not be comunicated or given to any third party, unless in strict compliance with the European Directives and according to existing laws related to privacy.We inform further that referring to data handling you may exercise the rights as per Art. 7 referring to law 196 of June 30 2003,according to which, you may ask for confirmation of existing personal data and also to take vision of the same, the updating,the integration or the cancellation
DISCLAIMER
The use of the website www.elba-cookers.com is subject to terms and conditions as written hereafter. Access to and browsing through this website is permitted only if these terms and conditions are accepted. This website can be used or visited prior acceptance of these conditions. 1. FPAI S.p.A. reserves the right to modify its products without notification. The pictures, data and descriptions in this website are not binding and are purely indicative. This site may have publications with wrong technical data or printing errors, which will be corrected as soon as possible at the discretion of FPAI S.p.A, The information and data contained in this website are updated on periodical base. The data published on the website may be changed some time after the products or the data relating to them have actually been modified or changed.2. This website and the information contained in it, names, pictures, photographs, logos and trademarks refer to FPAI S.p.A. and are exclusive and subject to protection concerning trademarks, patents and unfair competition. All the products, pictures and reproductions, the logo, trademarks and patents of the products are the exclusive property of FPAI S.p.A.. No other party has any licence or right to use these goods without prior approval by FPAI S.p.A.. The contents of this website may not in any way be interpreted in the sense of attributing rights to licence or to use the products or trademarks of FPAI S.p.A. Any violations will be prosecuted by FPAI S.p.A. in line with current legislation on the protection of trademarks and patents and against unfair competition.3. The products and services described in this website may be supplied if available, although publication on the website does not imply any guarantee (of any nature) of their availability, saleability and fitness for particular uses and compliance with the current legislation in each single country.4. FPAI S.p.A. may not be held liable contractually or non-contractually for damages of any nature arising from the impossibility to use this site, the loss of any data or profits that may in any way derive from or be associated with the use of this site.5. FPAI.S.p.A. has the right to change, modify or correct the terms and conditions of access as well as any other information and data of this website without prior notice at any time.6. FPAI S.p.A. is not responsible for any link and its contents connected to its own website nor for any problem arising from indirect connection via links.7. FPAI S.p.A. advertises all its products on the website. This does not mean necessarily that all the products are marketed in any country nor that FPAI S.p.A. intends to market all its own products in any country, nor that its products - if marketed - are immediately available in any country. Those interested in receiving up-to-date information are invited to send a request directly to FPAI S.p.A.8. These terms and conditions on accessing the website are governed by the law of Italy and any dispute arising from the use of this website are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Court in Treviso, Italy.9. ANY USER WHO DOES NOT FULLY ACCEPT THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USING THIS WEBSITE, IS KINDLY INVITED TO STOP USING THIS WEBSITE IMMEDIATELYShould further information be required, please write to info@elba-cookers.it
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks