http://www.exposurehifi.com/privacy-policy.html
HomeProductsDistributorsReviewsQS ManualsContact UsWarrantyAbout Us
Click Here For Main Menu
Privacy & Cookies
Exposure Electronics Ltd is committed to protecting your personal information and respecting your privacy.
We will never sell, rent, or disclose your personally identifiable information to outside parties without your consent unless compelled by a court of law to do so. However we do reserve the right to disclose your requirement information (if you are a member) to industry professionals in order to get your job done if needed.
We may send you e-mail regarding our new features, news, or other important update information. In any case, we will never disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties.
We may use various methods to collect information including, cookies and/or IP addresses
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us.
At www.exposurehifi.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by Exposure Electronics Ltd and how it is used. If you have any questions, please contact us.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, www.exposurehifi.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
www.exposurehifi.com does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser. In particular we use Google Analytics to measure traffic flow through our website, you can see their details here on privacy and cookies.
Third Party Cookies
www.exposurehifi.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers or third party links. You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. Exposure Electronics Ltd's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
HomeProductsDistributorsReviewsQS ManualsContact UsWarrantyAbout UsHi-Res Images - 5010 series5010 Pre-Amplifier5010 Mono Amplifier5010 Lifestyle