http://www.tradinorganic.com/terms-and-conditions/privacy-policy/
Our company(current)
About Us
Our Offices
Quality Management
Certifications
Logistics
Risk Management
News
Products(current)
All Products
Product Groups
Search by Certification
Organic Vegan Ingredients
Sourcing(current)
Own Projects
Agricultural Services
Global Operations(current)
Own Processing Facilities
Crown of Holland
Selet Hulling
SunOpta Foods Bulgaria
Sunvado
Trabocca
Sustainability(current)
Goals
Wholesome Ingredients
Healthy Planet
Responsible Sourcing
Thriving Communities
Regenerative Agriculture
Careers(current)
EU Vacancies
USA/Mexico Vacancies
Contact us(current)
Contact Us
En.(current)
De.
Fr.
Es.
It.
Tradin Organic »
Privacy policy
Privacy/Cookie Statement
This Privacy / Cookie Statement sets out Tradin Companies' policy with respect to our collection, use, and storage of personal data. We are committed to protect your privacy in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This statement explains how and why we collect your personal data and how it is used.
In this statement, you will read how we handle the personal information that we collect via the forms on our website. You will be informed about the specific data that we collect and how we process and use this information, and why we gather the personal data. If you have an additional question about our privacy policy, please email us with any question you might have info@tradinorganic.com
What personal data do we collect and process?
The personal data we collect on you may include the following:
•    General information, such as your name, job title, company name, your relationship to our company;
•    Contact information, such as address, e-mail, telephone number, etc.;
•    Data necessary for executing an agreement we have with you;
•    Data that you provide to us in the course of us delivering our products/services to you;
•    Data necessary for processing invoices;
•    Personal data you provide to us in the course of applying for a job at our company;
•    Data on your visit to our website, such as geo-location, duration of visit, device type, etc.;
•    Personal data that is necessary for legal compliance purposes.
How do we collect and process your personal data?
We may collect and process your personal data in one or more of the following ways:
•    When you provide your contact data by making an enquiry through our website;
•    When you provide your contact data by signing up to our newsletter;
•    When you provide your personal data to us directly by e-mail, telephone or letter;
•    When you enter into an agreement with us;
•    When you provide personal data to us in the course of applying for a job at our company;
•    When we collect your personal data through public sources, such as your company website, trade registers, commercial databases, or other public sources;
•    When we use our monitoring tools (e.g. Google Analytics, LinkedIn, HubSpot) for analyzing your interaction with our website. If you  have agreed to use Google Analytics cookies you have agreed to a processing agreement with Google. To Protect your privacy we have ensured that: 1. The last octet of your IP Address is masqueraded; 2. Data sharing with Google is disabled except for Technical support.; 3. Other Google services in combination with Google analytic cookies, will not be shared.
On what basis do we collect and process your data?
We may collect and process your personal data on one or more of the following bases:
•    Because you gave us your consent;
•    To perform a contract;
•    To comply with legal obligations;
•    To pursue legitimate interests.
For what purpose(s) do wo collect and process your personal data?
We may collect or process your personal data for one or more of the following purposes:
•    To respond to requests or enquiries that we received from you;
•    To send you our newsletter and other news updates related to our company, products and services;
•    To deliver products and services that you have requested from us and to communicate with you about the delivery of these products and services;
•    To identify and offer products and services you may be interested in;
•    To execute contracts that we have with you and to communicate about the execution of these contracts;
•    To manage our relationship with you;
•    To monitor and analyze our business performance;
•    To comply with legal obligations and policy requirements;
•    To evaluate and process your job application and to communicate with you about the job application process;
•    To monitor and analyze interactions with our website, in order to improve the user-friendliness of our website;
Data storage and protection
We store your personal data only for as long as we need the data to fulfil the purposes that are presented above. The duration for which we store your personal data may differ, depending on the specific purpose we use the data for.
Your personal data will be retained in accordance with our data storage policy, which is available upon request using the contact details set out under the section "Contact us for further information" of this Privacy/Cookie Statement. The storage period for each category of personal data is based on regulatory and policy requirements and the purpose for which the information is collected and used.
We value the protection of your personal data. We have taken technical and organizational measures to protect personal data against unlawful use. The protection of our digital The software, tools, and systems that we use are all secured and comply with the current laws.
Whom do we share your personal data with?
We use the third party providers HubSpot and MailChimp as our marketing automation platforms, in order to distribute our marketing materials. If you have subscribed to our e-mail newsletter, the following data is shared with HubSpot and MailChimp to enable the accurate and personalized delivery of our marketing campaigns: name, e-mail address,  company name, IP address. Please visit the MailChimp (https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/) and HubSpot (https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy) websites for more information on their privacy policy.
Trabocca B.V. uses Act-On marketing automation software (US-based company). Act-On is compliant with the (European-American) Privacy Shield Framework. Act-On is obligated to treat personal data according to the requirements of the Privacy Shield Framework. Read more about the Privacy Shield Framework: https://www.privacyshield.gov/
We use the Oracle Taleo service as our online talent acquisition management platform. For some of our vacancies, you can apply through the Oracle Taleo platform. The personal data that you enter on this platform is shared with the Oracle Taleo service to enable accurate processing of your application. Please visit the Oracle website (https://www.oracle.com) for more information on their privacy policy.
Cookies and website analytics
Our website uses cookies to improve your experience of the Tradin Organic website. We use these cookies for the purpose of offering you the relevant information for your geolocation. Additionally, we use, non-traceable, statistical aggregated data about the usage of our website and share it with third-parties (Google Analytics, LinkedIn, HubSpot), to analyze visits to pages on the site, the duration of individual page view, paths taken by visitors through the site and other general information. This helps us to prove our added value and further improve our services to visitors.
Third-party sites
Please be aware that other websites that may be accessed through links on our Tradin Organic website. These third party websites may collect personal data about you. The information practices of those third-party websites are not covered by this Privacy/Cookie Statement.
Your rights
According to the GDPR, you have certain rights, in case we collect and process your personal data. You have the following rights, concerning your personal data:
•    Right to access your personal data
•    Right to rectification of your personal data
•    Right to erasure of your personal data
•    Right to request restriction to the processing of your data
•    Right to data portability
•    Right to object to the processing of your data
You can present any of the above requests by sending an e-mail to info@tradinorganic.com, or by sending a letter to
Tradin Organic B.V.
Stationsplein 61-65
1012 AB, Amsterdam
Changes to our policy
Tradin Organic may update its privacy policy at any time and the latest version will always appear here, on this page.
This page was last modified on 08/11/2019
Contact us for further information
Any questions about our privacy policy can be sent to info@tradinorganic.com, or by sending a letter to:
Tradin Organic B.V.
Stationsplein 61-65
1012 AB, Amsterdam
×
Have a question?
Leave your name, contact details and inquiry below and we will get back to you as soon as possible.
Name *
Please enter a username
Email *
Please provide a valid email
Phone number
Question related to
Animal Feed
Citrus
Cocoa Products
Coconut Products
Craft Juices and Power Shots
Dried Fruits
Frozen Berries, Fruits & Vegetables
Gluten-Free Flours
Grains
Liquid & Alternative Sweeteners
Nuts
Oils & Fats
Pulses
Rice
Seeds
Sesame Products
Sunflower Products
Tropical Fruits
Vegan Dairy Alternatives
Vegan Meat Replacers
Vegan Protein Powders
Type question below
Send
We will use this information to contact you. The information will not be used for other purposes. For more information, review our privacy policy.
Contact Us
×
HAVE A QUESTION?
Leave your name, contact details and inquiry below and we will get back to you as soon as possible.
Name *
Please enter a name
Company Name
Email *
Please provide a valid email
Please call me back!
Type question below
Send
×
This website uses cookies to ensure that you have the best experience on our website.
Got It