https://www.phmic.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
800.247.5930opens phone dialer
Find An Agent Risk Management Careers About
About Us Leadership Annual Report Financials Career Opportunities Distinguished Young Pharmacist Award Community Pharmacy Scholarship
Contact
opens in a new windowMy Account
Privacy Policy
The Pharmacists Mutual Group consists of: Pharmacists Mutual Insurance Company / Chiron Insurance Company / PMC Advantage Insurance Services, Inc. Our goal is to professionally and respectfully serve the personal and business insurance needs of our policyholders and claimants.  The information you provide to us when you apply for insurance or when you file a claim helps us to achieve that goal.  It enables us to provide valuable coverage to you or to service your claim promptly and fairly.  We do not share your personal information with non-affiliated companies that want to market their products or services to you. To that end, some of the information you provide us is identified as nonpublic personal information.  Nonpublic personal information is information that identifies you and may not be available to the public.  Depending on the type of insurance you are applying for, we collect personal identifiable information from insurance applications, consumer reports, and transactional information. Information we collect in the application process may include, but is not limited to: name, street address, e-mail addresses, phone number, driver’s license number, date of birth, gender, marital status, social security number, type of vehicle, type of home, and information about other drivers.  We also collect consumer report information that we acquire from consumer reporting agencies.  This information includes your driving record, claims history with other insurers, and credit report information.  We collect information about your transactions with any of the Pharmacists Mutual companies.  This information includes communications we have had with you regarding your insurance coverages, limits and rates, deductibles, claims history, invoices, and your payment history. In addition, we may also collect information regarding the transactions you have through our websites, such as page views, traffic to and from the websites, referral URL, ad data, your IP address, your browsing history, information you provide to us on our website landing page, and your web log information.  We collect this information on our website through cookies, which are small text files that are transferred from our websites and stored on your device.  We use cookies to help us provide you with a personalized service, and to help make our websites, applications, and services better for you.  We do not follow a browser’s “do not track” settings. We know that our policyholders’ and claimants’ trust is our most important asset.  This includes the trust that we will keep the information you provide to us secure and treat it only as permitted by law.  This disclosure and notice tells you about the privacy policy we have adopted and the practices we use in handling the information you furnish to us. WE DO NOT DISCLOSE NON-PUBLIC PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT APPLICANTS, POLICYHOLDERS, OR CLAIMANTS TO ANY NON-AFFILIATED THIRD PARTY OTHER THAN AS PERMITTED BY LAW.  WE MAY DISCLOSE NAMES AND ADDRESSES OF POLICYHOLDERS TO A NON-AFFILIATED SERVICE PROVIDER WHO WILL DISTRIBUTE OUR MATERIALS TO OUR POLICYHOLDERS. We will share information about you only as permitted by law.  Such disclosures include: providing information to help effect, administer, or enforce a transaction requested by you for investigating insurance claims, or underwriting insurance policies; preventing fraud or disclosing information to the extent permitted to comply with the law.  This includes sharing information among our affiliated companies, claims representatives, consumer reporting agencies, law enforcement, courts and government agencies, and service providers that help us market our products. We protect your non-public personal information by maintaining physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that protect the information about you. Any emails we send to you containing your personal identifiable information are protected by encryption; however, any email communication you send back to us is not protected by our email encryption software.  You will be responsible for protecting any and all information you send to us by email. We restrict access to information about you to employees who need to know that information to provide you with products, benefits, or services.  We have our employee code of conduct, and have our employees trained on their responsibilities and sign off acknowledging their responsibilities where appropriate. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Disclosure, you should contact Pharmacists Mutual by emailing to privacy.information@phmic.comcreate new email or writing to us at: Privacy Information Pharmacists Mutual Insurance Company Post Office Box 370 Algona IA 50511 Please remember to include your name, address, policy or claim number, and daytime phone number.
Scroll To TopFind An Agent