http://www.vacb.org/privacy-policy.html
Home  |  Contact Us  |  Join Us  |  Sitemap
Menu
Calendar
Upcoming Webinars
VACB Program Offerings
CRCVA & VACB Webinar Materials
VACB Convention
VACB Compliance Forum Enrollment
VACB Archived E-Newsletters
Privacy Policy
Leadership
Our Mission
Board of Directors
Committees
>
Executive
Services
Technology
Legislative
Past VACB Award Winners
Meet the Staff
Membership
Banks
Associates
Endorsed Providers
Benefits
Apply/Renew
>
Banks
Associates
Bank Staff Update Form
Photos
Contact Us
VACB Privacy Policy
The Virginia Association of Community Banks values the relationship we have with our members and is committed to responsible information handling practices and takes the privacy of anyone who visits our website very seriously. Personal identifying information is not collected from visitors to our website. Once you have provided personal information, it will only be used for purposes of managing the website, or for purposes described at the point of data collection. Such information will not be released to other parties unless otherwise stated at the point of data collection.With respect to the website, the Association tracks the domain name and/or the IP address, date and time and the pages visited only to measure the value of the site and improve its content. VACB may ask for your address, phone number and/or e-mail address when you register for one of our programs. We may also ask for your credit card number and expiration date when you choose to register for one of our programs on-line. With respect to all program registrations made on-line, all such transactions are transmitted via an SSL secure server, the industry standard for such transactions. This information is not shared with any third party.
Convention Questions?
Upcoming Seminars
Quicklinks
Copyright © 2014 Virginia Association of Community Banks. All rights reserved.7204 Glen Forest Drive - Suite 101, Richmond, VA, 23226-3778Phone: (804) 673-8250  |  Fax: (804) 673-8251  | info@vacb.org  | Privacy Policy