https://www.usbox.com/policies.html
Samples: We encourage you to order a sample of the item you are interested in. Sample can easily be ordered from any product page by clicking on the “Sample Tab” located below the U.S. Box banner at the the top of the page.   Unfortunately some items may not be available as samples.
We limit sample requests to 6 unique samples per order.
Most items in the sample department are stocked in white or kraft. If we do not have your color choice in stock we will send the item in a color that is at hand so you can judge size and send a color swatch of the requested color.
For tissue, ribbon, shred & giftwrap we’ll send a small sample & only charge the service fee.
We don’t back order samples. In the event that a requested item is not available. We will send an email notification to you and charge only for shipped items plus the handling fee. If all your items are not available then the order is canceled.
$7.50 Ground shipping is included with your sample order for all continental U.S. shipments by default. If you choose to use your own UPS account number in lieu of our $7.50 rate your UPS account will be billed for all shipping costs
Alaska, Hawaii, Overseas & Priority Shipments are charged actual shipping cost
Orders may take 24-96 hours to pack regardless of ship method.
Orders of 2+ items may ship from multiple locations.
Special Offer Codes & Tickets: On occasion we have special offers. These can be redeemed during the checkout process by entering the code when prompted. Custom items, closeouts and products specifically marked as no further discounts do not qualify.
Minimum Order: We do not have any minimum orders.  But you will need to order in the carton quantities listed for each product
Time Frames: Most orders that are in stock, pick & pack within 1-3 business days unless otherwise mentioned. Shipping times vary from 2-5 business days depending on what warehouse we ship from. While we make every attempt to process orders within this time frame on occasion orders may take longer.  Please call 800-221-0999 x202 about Next Day Shipments
$15.00 FLAT RATE SHIPPINGFlat Rate Shipping of $15.00 is charged on qualifying orders for plain stock merchandise shipping to the 48 contiguous United States. Typically your order will be shipped UPS ground or FedEx ground. Printed, Special Order or Custom Quoted products do not qualify for Flat Rate Shipping. These orders will be billed actual shipping charge. Expedited shipping like Next Day Air plus Hawaii, Alaska, Canada and International orders will first be quoted shipping charge via email for approval. We reserve the right on certain merchandise (marked accordingly), plus some Residential zone shipments to quote actual shipping charges for your approval. Flat Rate Shipping will not apply for these ground shipments.If you would like to use your own UPS or FedEx account numbers for shipping, we will waive the $15.00 Flat Rate Shipping charge. We do not ship to APO or PO Box addresses. .
Distributor Shipping Policy:Customers qualifying for our distributor discount forfeit the $15.00 flat rate and will need to supply U.S. Box a valid & current UPS & Fed Ex account number to ship from.
Overseas Orders will require wire transfers of funds prior to shipping.
Returns: Returns are subject to a 25% restocking fee plus all shipping costs. Before returning product you must call us to receive a RMA authorization number. Return authorizations must be issued within 14 days of receipt. Returns are not allowed on any custom orders or, by law, on any FDA approved food items including all tins. To avoid any returns please see sample suggestion below.
Damaged Goods: Photographs of damage must accompany all claims. We reserve the right to either replace the damaged merchandise or issue a credit for the cost of the damaged goods. This decision is at the discretion of U.S. Box Corp.
Resale Numbers: New Jersey customers must furnish resale certificates with your first order. Otherwise, sales tax will be charged. Please Note: Due to market conditions, prices are subject to change without notice. Please rest assured that our intentions are to bring you the best packaging and display merchandise at the lowest prices. All prices are in American dollar.  All sizes & weights and packings are approximate.
Privacy PolicyU.S. Box takes the utmost care in protecting the privacy of our online shoppers. We do not sell or rent any personal information. Shopper data is given only to the parties involved in processing the order.Such as: the U.S. Box and our payment processing agent. We maintain this strict privacy policy except in cases we believe it appropriate to cooperate in investigations of fraud or other illegal activity. U.S Box on occasion will E-mail our customers with web site update notifications but alwaysincludes an automatic opt-out link in every message.
What are cookies and how are they used at our sites? A cookie contains a small amount of information that allows U.S. Box web servers to keep track of the shopping cart sessions. Cookies are issued by a specific web server and temporarily stored in your browser. We only pass a random tracking code to a Cookie which will expire when you exit your browser. If you have entered our site from one of our trusted affiliates we track your purchase total for commission purposes only. At no point in time will any of your personal information or product information be stored in a cookie.
Search:
U.S. Box Corporation Home of Endless Packaging Possibilities - 14 Madison Rd - Fairfield, NJ 07004
Millions of Stock Items Ready to Ship Daily!Questions?  We have the answers - 800-221-0999
Home Page
Bags
> Drawstring Pouches> Paper> Plastic> Natural & Non Woven> Vinyl
Boxes
> Apparel & Hat> Bakery & Pizza> Candy> Gift> Jewelry> Magnetic> Mailers & Envelopes> Plastic> Take-Out Boxes> Wine, Beer & Jar
Gift Baskets & TraysGift WrapLabels, Bands,Tags, TapeRibbon & BowsShipping Mailers/BagsTins, Tubs & PailsTissue & ShredWooden Crates
• Home  • Contact Us  •  UPS Tracking  •  Ordering Policy  •  Art & Uploads  •  Your Order History  • How-To Order Video