http://www.icynene.com/en-us/privacy-policy
Search this site
Dealer Login
Languages
English (CA)English (US)Francais (CA)
Find A Local Contractor
Search
Privacy Policy
You are hereYou are here: Home
/
Privacy Policy
Icynene Inc.
6747 Campobello Road
Mississauga ON
L5N 2L7 Canada
Privacy and Security Statement:
We know that your privacy is very important to you. That's why protecting any personal information, such as your name, address, email address or phone number that you provide to us is of the utmost importance to Icynene.  As a result, we have prepared this Privacy and Security Statement to convey to you the manner in which we collect, use, disclose and otherwise manage any personal information you entrust to us.
When you provide personal information via our Dealer network, our customer service department or through our Web site you are consenting to the manner in which Icynene will collect, use, disclose and otherwise manage your personal information, as set out below.
We may collect personal information that you provide us when you:
Purchase, return, or request information about our products and services;
Request warranty services;
Contact our customer service department;
Visit our Web site;
Provide us with comments or suggestions;
Participate in a contest or survey.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page as well as the products and services we provide to you. This information may only be shared with affiliated companies within the Icynene Licensed Dealer Network.
Contests or Surveys:
When you participate in a survey or enter a contest, we may collect your name, address, phone number and e-mail address. We use this information to administer your participation in the contest or survey. At the time you are entering a contest or survey, we may ask your permission to send you future marketing information from Icynene.
Customer Service:
When you call our Customer Service Department you may be asked for information that identifies you along with additional information required to help us promptly answer your question, such as your name, address and contact information.  We may retain this information to assist you in the future.
Cookies:
The Icynene Web site employs a technology called "cookies". A cookie is a data element that is sent to your browser and stored on your hard drive so we can recognize you during the session and when you return. If you have set your Web browser to prompt you when you receive a cookie or set it not to accept cookies from our Web site, you will receive error messages when using some of our forms.
Other Uses of Personal Information:
Icynene may use personal information to continually evaluate and improve the products and services we offer. We would also like to inform you of products and services, sales and special offers that might benefit you.
We may also send you mail, email or call you directly with information about our product and service offerings if you have provided us with your contact information. If you would like to stop receiving such promotional information from Icynene, please advise us at inquiry@icynene.com.
Disclosure of Personal Information:
Icynene will not trade, rent or sell your personal information, without your prior consent, except as otherwise set out herein.
Legal:
Please note that Icynene must provide your personal information in response to a search warrant or other legally valid inquiry or order, or to an investigative body in the case of a contravention of law, or as otherwise required by law. We may also disclose personal information to assist us in collecting a debt owed by you.
Amendments to this Policy:
From time to time, we may wish to use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in this Privacy and Security Policy. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, we suggest you check our Web site periodically.
Accessibility to Information Collected:
Upon request, we provide site visitors with access to a description of information that we maintain about them. Consumers can access this information by writing to us at the above postal address and if necessary, can have this information corrected.
Security:
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards in an effort to protect against unauthorized access, use, modification and disclosure of personal information in our possession. We maintain your personal information for as long as required for the purposes set out in this Privacy and Security Statement, or as otherwise required by law.
If you believe that this site is not adhering to our stated privacy policy, you may contact inquiry@icynene.com.
Revised: May 28, 2009
COPYRIGHT ICYNENE 2019. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
SITEMAP
Scroll