http://www.beachsidelighting.com/beachsidelighting-privacy
Beachside Lighting will be closing at 11:30am on Friday, December 11, for our company Christmas party.
We apologize for any inconvenience.
Information Collection and Use
Beachside Lighting is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell or share this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Information collected by Beachside Lighting will only be used to fulfill customer orders and will not be shared with anyone.
Membership
You provide the following information to Beachside Lighting:
-Your name-Your email address-Your billing and shipping address-Your telephone number-The type of credit card you are using if applicable-Your credit card number and expiration date, or other form of paymentOnce you enter this information you will not be required to give it again.
Order
Once your account is created the check out procedure will be very simple on all future purchases. This information is used for billing purposes and to fill the customer's order. If we have difficulty processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the customer.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. We use both session and persistent cookies. Usage of a cookie from our site is in no way linked to any personal data. Cookies enable Beachside Lighting  to track and target the interests of our customers by analyzing popular areas and products to enhance customer satisfaction while using this site.
Usage Tracking
Beachside Lighting database tracks the traffic throughout our site. This information is used to compile overall statistics and is not recorded at an individual level. This includes IP (internet protocol) addresses, browser type, ISP (internet service provider), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and #of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate. The statistics help us decide which products and services best serve our customers.
Send-To-A-Friend
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about an item, we ask them for the friend's name and email address. Beachside Lighting will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. We do store the friend's email and they have an option to opt-out in the communication.
Security
Beachside Lighting takes every precaution to protect our user's information. When users submit sensitive information via our website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
Magento Commerce
Copper and Brass Exterior Lighting for the Next Generation
1-800-405-6732
Search
Home
Products
Finishes
About Us
Do it Right
FAQ
Shipping
Testimonials
Gallery
Sales Reps By Area
Request Catalog
Contact
View Beachside's Line of
Turtle-Friendly Fixtures
View Beachside's New
Family of Contemporary Fixtures
Contact Us
Request Catalog
Warranty
Privacy Policy