https://www.bandousa.com/privacy
Privacy
Tweet
Privacy
Latest News
Company
Honoring Our Veterans
AIR FORCE
BANDO USA EMPLOYEES
Gary Burnett&nbsp;E5 Sergeant 30230&nbsp;Weather Equipment Repairman&nbsp;~
Mark...
2019 AD Marketplace Supplier of the Year
2019 AD Marketplace Supplier of the Year
We are so honored to be awarded the 2019 AD Marketplace Supplier of the Year...
Honoring Our Veterans
AIR FORCE
~BANDO USA EMPLOYEES~
Gary Burnett E5 Sergeant 30230 Weather Equipment Repairman
Mark...
Automotive
AAPEX 2019
Thank you to all of our customers for visiting us at AAPEX this year! We had a wonderful time and we appreciate you coming out...
Rib Ace® Fit belt
Rib Ace® Fit - Automotive Belt
Features:
Can be installed on fixed 2-axis pulleys with a specialized tool.
Target...
Industrial
2019 AD Marketplace Supplier of the Year
2019 AD Marketplace Supplier of the Year
We are so honored to be awarded the 2019 AD Marketplace Supplier of the Year...
2018 IDC-USA Marketplace Award Winner
We are so honored to receive the 2018 IDC-USA Marketplace 'Supplier of the Year' award. It is due to our hard work and...
Toothed Rib Belt
Toothed Rib Belt:
The choice for multiple-axis driving.
Rubber
Chloroprene rubber with excellent durability and wear...
Conveyor
Heat Carry™ Conveyor Belts
Bando’s ultra-high heat and abrasion resistant conveyor belt lineup is specifically designed and compounded to yield...
More News
Privacy Policy
Bando USA respects the privacy of our web site visitors.
Bando does not collect or retain user information from any part of our web site.
No information that is entered by the user will be used for any purpose other than that for which the user has authorized or requested.
Bando will at no time use cookies to track user information, or use cookies to establish a communication vehicle with our web site visitors.
Bando will only track the number of "hits" or "visits" to our web site for purposes of identifying those pages with the highest interest level, and to continue to enhance those pages with the most activity.
Where our web site contains links to other web sites, Bando assumes no responsibility for the content or privacy of these other web sites.
If you have any questions regarding Bando USA's Privacy Policy, contact me at jlaudadio@bandousa.com
Cordially,
Joe Laudadio
President/CEO