https://www.chandleyovens.co.uk/cookie-policy/
HomeAbout UsStore
NewsSite MapContact
Search
ProductsCustomer ServiceEventsDistributors
What are cookies?
Cookies are files, often including unique identifiers, that are sent by web servers to web browsers, and which may then be sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. Cookies can be used by web servers to identity and track users as they navigate different pages on a website, and to identify users returning to a website.
Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies. A persistent cookie consists of a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, which will be stored by the browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date (unless deleted by the user before the expiry date). A session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
How do we use cookies?
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately, in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
When you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
Third party cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content. Google’s privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
We do not use any cookies or plug-in services related to social media.
Cookies we use
Browser settings
All modern internet browsers allow users to change their cookie preferences. Please see the following pages on how to control cookies in your browser:
Change cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Change cookie settings in Google Chrome
Change cookie settings in Firefox
Change cookie settings in Safari (OS X)
Change cookie settings in Safari (iOS)
Privacy Statement
Cookie Policy
Tel: +44 (0)161 3365444Fax: +44 (0)161 3350972Email: info@chandleyovens.co.uk thomas sabo uk
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thank you