http://www.novatechuk.com/terms-and-conditions
Novatech
Follow us on twitter
linkedin
T : +44 (0) 191 492 0407   E : info@novatechuk.com
Search
BUY OUR EQUIPMENT
Communities
Our Stock
Pharmaceutical EquipmentVesselsFilling EquipmentPackaging MachineryBlendersProcess EquipmentMixersPumpsLaboratory and product development ...Utilities
Overstock
Coming Soon
Downloads
SELL YOUR EQUIPMENT
Part Exchange
Let Us Sell Your Equipment
Direct Sale
Contact
International
Blog
FAQs
Our Services
About
Home >
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
LEGAL
This website is operated by Novatech (UK) Limited (registered number 02387199), Greenridge House, 23, Castle View, Chester le Street, Country Durham DH3 3XA. Access to and use of the Novatech (UK) Limited website ("the website") is provided subject to the following Terms and Conditions which may be updated by us without notice to you and you should therefore review this document periodically at info@novatechuk.com  BY USING THIS WEBSITE YOU WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE ACCEPTED THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS PLEASE CEASE USING THIS WEBSITE.
Licence
Novatech UK Limited grants you a non-exclusive licence to use the website upon the following Terms and Conditions. Novatech (UK) Limited may terminate this licence at any time without notice. Your access and/or use of the website constitute your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions which apply to all pages on the website and for all entry points into the website.
Materials in the website
The website contains Content ("the Content") which is owned by, licensed to or controlled for these purposes by Novatech (UK) Ltd. The Content includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. The Content is protected by intellectual property laws including, but not limited to, copyright. Accordingly, the Content may not be copied, reproduced, republished, downloaded, posted, broadcast or transmitted in any way except for your own private non-commercial use. Any other use requires written permission from Novatech (UK) Limited. Commercial use of the Content is not permitted. The re-distribution, re-publication, or otherwise making available of the material on the website to third parties is prohibited.
Unauthorised use of the website and/or the Content may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence. You hereby grant Novatech (UK) Limited a perpetual, royalty free, irrevocable licence to use as it considers necessary, any material you post, upload or otherwise make available on the website.
Accuracy of Information
The Content in the website is given in good faith and for general information and interest only and is subject to change without notice. Certain Content on the website may be supplied by registered users of the website. Such Content, whilst subject to these Terms and Conditions, is not screened by Novatech (UK) Limited. Novatech (UK) Limited is not responsible for any inaccuracies and (except as set out in paragraph 6.3) makes no representation and gives no warranty as to its accuracy.
The Content in the website should not be relied on and does not constitute any form of advice or recommendation. By using the website you confirm that you have not relied on any such information. Any arrangements made between you and any third party named or referred to on the website are entirely at your sole risk and responsibility.
Nothing on the website is intended to be nor should be construed as an offer to enter into a contractual relationship.
Linking
The website contains links to other websites. Novatech (UK) Limited accepts no responsibility or liability for the content of other websites which are not under the strict control of Novatech (UK) Limited. Any link is not intended to be, nor should be construed as, an endorsement of any kind by Novatech (UK) Limited of that other website.
You may not create a link to the website from another website or document without Novatech (UK) Limited prior written consent.
Liability
Novatech (UK) Limited does not guarantee that use of the website will be compatible with all hardware and software which may be used by visitors to the site. Any Content downloaded or otherwise obtained from the website is obtained at your own risk and you shall be solely responsible and liable for any consequences arising from your use of such Content. Except as set out in paragraph 6.3, Novatech (UK) Limited will be under no liability to you whatsoever whether in contract, tort, (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, restitution or otherwise for any injury, death, damage or direct, indirect or consequential loss (all three of which terms include, without limitation, pure economic loss, loss of profits, loss of business, depletion of goodwill and like loss) howsoever caused arising out of or in connection with the use of the website or the use, accessing, downloading of, or reliance on any Content or other materials contained in the website, including, without limitation, as a result of any computer virus or other malicious computer code.
These Terms and Conditions do not exclude Novatech (UK) Limited liability (if any) to you for personal injury or death resulting from Novatech (UK) Limited negligence, for fraud or for any matter which it would be illegal for Novatech  (UK) Limited to exclude or to attempt to exclude it's liability.
Viruses
Novatech (UK) Limited does not warrant that the website or access to it will be error-free or that the website or the servers that make it available will be free of viruses or bugs.
User Conduct - Security
You agree that you will comply with these Terms and Conditions and any other instructions and/or user terms issued by Novatech (UK) Limited when posting or otherwise placing information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, video, messages or other materials on to the website ("the Material"). It is your responsibility to ensure that the Material is legal and does not breach the intellectual property rights of any other person.
You agree not to:
Disrupt or interfere with the security of, or otherwise abuse, the website, or any services, system resources, accounts, servers or networks connected to or accessible through the website or affiliated or linked websites;
Disrupt or interfere with any other user's enjoyment of the website or affiliated or linked websites;
Use or attempt to use another's account, service or system without authorisation from Novatech (UK) Limited or create or use a false identity on any websites including the website;
Transmit through or on any websites including the website spam, chain letters, junk mail or any other type of unsolicited mass email to people or entities who have not agreed to be part of such mailing;
Attempt to obtain unauthorised access to the website or portions of the website that are restricted from general access;
Novatech (UK) Limited requires users wishing to access restricted services on the website to register for a user account to obtain access. Once you have registered for a user account, Novatech (UK) Limited will issue you with a valid user name and password for use on the website which are for your sole personal use and which may not be shared with another person at any time. You are responsible for all the activities which occur on your user account and it is your responsibility to ensure that your password is kept safe and secure. You agree not to use the user name or password of any other person or to permit any other person to use your user name or password at any time. You must notify Novatech (UK) Limited immediately if you suspect your account has been accessed without your permission.
User Warranty
You agree that you will not upload, post or otherwise transmit on the website any content that is defamatory, obscene or unlawful content or likely to cause offence. You agree that you will not upload, post or otherwise transmit on the website any content that infringes the intellectual property rights (including but not limited to copyright), data protection or privacy rights, or other rights of any third party. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Novatech (UK) Limited for any breach by you of these obligations as set out under these Terms and Conditions.
You agree to provide true, accurate and up to date information when registering for a user account.
You agree to provide Novatech (UK) Limited with any update on your registration data.
You agree to comply with all applicable laws in respect of your use of the website and these Terms and Conditions.
You agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions if you participate in any competitions or promotions offered on the website.
Privacy
Novatech (UK) Limited's privacy policy, incorporated by this reference, describes the type of information Novatech (UK) Limited collects when you visit this site and how Novatech (UK) Limited can use that information. Please see our privacy policy for more information. This privacy policy forms part of these Terms and Conditions.
Termination
Novatech (UK) Limited reserves the right to terminate your account and/or access to the website without notice to you.
If you are a registered user, you agree to give Novatech (UK) Limited notice of your wish to terminate your use of the website. All termination notices must be sent to Novatech (UK) Limited by post to Greenridge House, 23, Castle View, Chester le Street, Country Durham DH3 3XA or e-mail at info@novatechuk.com  The notice must contain the following header: "NOTICE OF TERMINATION". The notice must specify the effective date of the termination and the user name of the individual who is subject to the notice.
Termination will not affect any obligation or rights of the parties arising before the effective date of termination. Termination will be deemed effective at the earlier of:
Transmission of an acknowledgement from Novatech (UK) Limited to the user expressly confirming termination; or
Midnight on the first business day following Novatech (UK) Limited’s receipt of a termination notice from a registered user.
General Provisions
If any of these Terms and Conditions should be determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws of any jurisdiction in which these Terms and Conditions are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction which that Term or Condition is illegal, invalid or unenforceable it shall be severed and deleted from these Terms and Conditions and the resultant Terms and Conditions shall remain in full force and effect.
Complete Agreement
These Terms and Conditions (including the privacy policy referred to in paragraph 10) contain all the terms which you and Novatech (UK) Limited have agreed in relation to the use of the website.
Jurisdiction and acceptance of these terms and conditions
The website is controlled and operated by the Novatech (UK) Limited from it's offices in England. The formation, existence, construction, performance, validity in all aspects whatsoever of these terms and conditions or of any term of these terms and conditions or any dispute in relation to the materials contained in the website shall be governed by English law. The English courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with these terms and conditions or use of the website.
Your continued use of the website indicates your acceptance of these terms and conditions.
SIGN UP FOR LATEST
PRODUCT ALERTS
Email
Community
Community
Healthcare / Pharmaceutical
Personal Care & Cosmetic
Manufacturing / Packaging
Chemical and Household
Food and Drink
Research / R & D
Country
Country
United Kingdom
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Andorra
Angola
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas, The
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Congo, Democratic Republic of the
Congo, Republic of the
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor (see Timor-Leste)
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Fiji
Finland
France
Gabon
Gambia, The
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Greece
Grenada
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Holy See
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, North
Korea, South
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
North Korea
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territories
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States of America
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
TAGS
tablet manufacturing and packing, process vessels, Positive displacement pumps, mixing vessels, labelling machines, ancillary equipment
TESTIMONIALS
‘‘Novatech provided a great service and fast shipping, essential for our industry.’’
Head of Production, Large Flavour and Fragrance Manufacturer in the UK
‘‘Novatech took our smaller vessel in part exchange saving us money. This is a very useful service enabling us to offset some of the cost of upgrading our equipment’’
Managing Director, Global Toiletries Company based in Turkey
‘‘Novatech stock is available with immediate collection, we were able to secure the required items, collect them, and start production within 1 week.
We since secured the contract and have gone back to Novatech for larger scale production of the same item.’’
Production Director, Large Contract Manufacturing Company in the UK
Top Brands
INTERNATIONAL DELIVERY
Australia
Canada
Germany
India
Italy
Pakistan
South Africa
Spain
Turkey
United Arab Emirates
USA
© 1989 - 2020
Imprint  |  Terms and Conditions  |  Privacy  |  Contact
call back
Leave your details & we'll call you back.
First name
Surname
Country
Dialling code
Tel no
Enquiry
Leave your details and we will let you know when your product is in stock.
Your Name
Your Email
Product Description