http://www.newratings.com/du/statisch/legal.m?section=legal
www.newratings.de - full analyst coverage
14:20 11.12.20
Erstelle meine Watchlist und Depot login | Registrieren
meine Aktien
meine Depots
schliessen
meine Watchlisten
Disclaimer
The content on this site, including news, quotes, data and other information, is provided by newratings.com GmbH and its third party content providers for your personal information only, and is not intended for trading purposes. Content on this site is not appropriate for the purposes of making a decision to carry out a transaction or trade. Nor does it provide any form of advice (investment, tax,
legal) amounting to investment advice, or make any recommendations
regarding particular financial instruments, investments or products.
Neither newratings.com GmbH nor its third party content providers
shall be liable for any errors, inaccuracies or delays in content,
or for any actions taken in reliance thereon.
NEWRATINGS.COM GMBH EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE ACCURACY OF ANY THE CONTENT PROVIDED, OR AS TO THE FITNESS OF THE INFORMATION FOR ANY PURPOSE.
Although
newratings.com GmbH makes reasonable efforts to obtain reliable content
from third parties, newratings.com GmbH does not guarantee the accuracy
of or endorse the views or opinions given by any third party content
provider. This site may point to other Internet sites that may be of
interest to you, however newratings.com GmbH does not endorse or take
responsibility for the content on such other sites.
%#
Quote data provided by IS.eFinance Solutions (powered by IS.Teledata AG) using Standard&Poor's ComStock Inc. and others. Delay times are 15 mins for European exchanges and NASDAQ, 20 mins for NYSE and AMEX.
Copyright
All
rights reserved. Users may download and print extracts of content from
this website for their own personal and non-commercial use only.
Republication or redistribution of newratings.com GmbH content,
including by framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without
the prior written consent of newratings.com GmbH, New Ratings,
newratings, newratings.com and the New Ratings logo are registered
trademarks.
Privacy
newratings.com GmbH takes
the privacy of its users seriously. We are committed to safeguarding
the privacy of our users while providing a personalised and valuable
service. This Privacy Policy statement explains the data processing
practices of newratings.com. If you have any requests concerning your
personal information or any queries with regard to these practices
please contact our Privacy Officer by e-mail at privacy.officer@newratings.com.
Information Collected
We collect personal information from you through the use of enquiry and
registration forms and every time you e-mail us your details.
We also collect information automatically about your visit to
our site. The information obtained in this way, which includes
demographic data and browsing patterns, is only used in aggregate form.
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
We process personal information collected via the site for the purposes of:
providing a personalised service
conducting market research surveys
running competitions and
providing you with information about products and services offered by newratings.com.
If you do not wish to receive information about our products
or services, about newratings.com or information from other carefully
selected organisations, please notify us at Customer Service,
newratings.com GmbH, Neustraﬂe 36, 56457 Westerburg, Germany or e-mail info@newratings.com.
We may also disclose your information to business partners and third
party suppliers we engage to provide services which involve processing
data on our behalf, successors in title to our business or in
accordance with a properly executed court order.
We also use information in aggregate form (so that no individual user is identified):
to build up marketing profiles
to aid strategic development
to manage our relationship with advertisers and
to audit usage of the site
Use of Cookies
We use cookies to identify you when you visit the site and to build up a demographic profile.
A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a web server
to a web browser, which enables the server to collect information back
from the browser. Find out more about the use of cookies on http://www.cookiecentral.com
Our use of cookies also allows registered users to be presented with a personalised version of the site.
Internet-based Transfers
Given that the Internet is a global environment, using the Internet to
collect and process personal data necessarily involves the transmission
of data on an international basis. Therefore, by browsing the site and
communicating electronically with us you acknowledge and agree to our
processing of personal data in this way.
Third Party Advertising
We use third-party advertising
companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may
use information (not including your name, address, email address or
telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in
order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about
goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like
more information about this practice and to know your choices about not
having this information used by these companies, please click here.
Third Party Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party
advertiser may place or recognize a unique 'cookie' on your browser.
Verbessern Sie newratings! Wie gef‰llt Ihnen diese Seite?
©†2020 newratings.de
‹ber uns †|† Disclaimer †|† Impressum
|† RSS