http://www.triumphgroup.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Breadcrumb
Privacy Policy
Triumph Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
When you access the Triumph Group, Inc., or its affiliate companies and subsidiaries’ (together, “Triumph Group”, “we”, “our”, or “us”) websites including www.triumphgroup.com (collectively, the “Site”)., we will collect some information from you. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) explains what information we collect, how we use it, with whom we share it, and the choices you have to control, access, and update your information. If you have questions about anything in our Policy, please submit a general contact form to this address www.triumphgroup.com/contact-us/. By accessing or using the Site, you are accepting the terms described in this Policy. If you do not agree with this Policy, do not access or use the Site.
1. How do we collect information from you?
Contacting us:
If you contact us through the Site (for example, to request information or make suggestions) or when requesting technical support for assistance with the Site, we collect your email address, your first name, your last name, the reason for contacting Triumph Group, and the detailed information provided in the body of the contact us form. Information contained in your inquiry, other than your identifying information, will not be deemed personal or confidential and will be treated as detailed in the “Submissions” section of our Terms of Use. www.triumphgroup.com/contact-us/
Log Information:
When you use our Site, we will collect certain information about the software you use, and your visit. This may include: type of user agent (web browser) used, software manufacture and version number; type of operating system; screen colors (color processing ability of the user’s screen); JavaScript support; Flash version; and screen resolution; IP address; location derived from your IP address; hostname; bandwidth (internet connection speed); time of visit; pages visited; time spent on each page of the Site; referring site and search engine search terms used to arrive at the Site.
Cookies for Analytics: When you use our Site, even without submitting inquiries we may collect certain information about your activity, browser, and device, through cookies and similar technologies we allow by our service providers such as Google, Inc. (“Google”) to place. Cookies are small amounts of data that are sent to your browser from a website’s computers and stored on your computer or device. You can choose to disable cookies on your browser (see below).
2. How do we use your information?
We use the information we collect about you in order to:
• To contact you or respond to an inquiry from you in connection with your use of the Site or our products or services;
• To communicate with you about our products or services;
• To help diagnose problems the Site, to enhance its security, to administer it and to provide technical support;
• To generate aggregate statistical studies;
• To prevent or detect fraud;
• To enforce this Privacy Policy, and the Terms of Use (www.triumphgroup.com/terms-use), and any other terms that you have agreed to, including to protect the rights, property, or safety of Triumph Group, its users, or any other person, or the copyright-protected content of the Site;
• As required by law or regulation, or as requested by government authorities; and
• To analyze how you use the Site.
3. Who has access to your information?
We may share information collected about you in the following ways:
With Analytics Service Providers:
For analytics, we use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google. Google Analytics may set cookies on your browser or mobile device, or read cookies that are already there to collect information. Google Analytics may also receive information about you from apps you downloaded that partner with Google. Google Analytics collects information such as how often you use the Site, and how you use the Site. We use the information provided by Google Analytics to improve the Site. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personal information.
For more information regarding how Google collects, uses, and shares your information please visit http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. By using the Site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google as described here and in Google’s privacy policy.
With Third Parties for Legal Reasons:
We may share information about you if we reasonably believe that disclosing the information is needed to:
• comply with any valid legal process, governmental request, or applicable law, rule, or regulation;
• investigate, remedy, or enforce potential violations of our Terms of Use or this Policy;
• protect the rights, property, and safety of us, our users, or others; or
• detect and resolve any fraud or security concerns.
With Third Parties as Part of an Acquisition or Liquidation:
If we are involved in a merger, asset sale, financing, corporate divestiture, reorganization, or acquisition of all or some portion of our business to another company, or if we undergo liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings, we may share your information in connection with such transaction or proceeding before and/or after the transaction closes or the proceedings are completed.
4. How do we store and protect your information?
We take reasonable precautions to protect your information. Please keep in mind that the Internet is not a 100% secure medium for communication, and we cannot guarantee that the information collected about you when using the Site will always remain private. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us.
5. How you can access and update your information
If you need to access, update, or delete personal information that we may have, you can do so by submitting a general contact form to this address www.triumphgroup.com/contact-us/. To protect your privacy, before we give you access or let you update your information, we may ask you to verify your identity, or provide additional information. We will try to update and allow you to access your information for free, but if it would require a disproportionate effort on our part, we may charge a fee. We will disclose the fee before we comply with your request. We may reject a request for a number of reasons, including, for example, that the request risks the privacy of other users, requires technical efforts that are disproportionate to the request, is repetitive, or is unlawful.
If you ask to delete your account, we will delete your personal information. We will retain certain information about you as, and for as long as, may be necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, or protect our rights; we will then delete it.
6. Your choices with respect to your information
Analytics:
You can control the information provided to Google and opt out of certain ads provided by Google by using any of the methods set forth at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ or using the Google Analytics opt out browser add-on at http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
Cookies:
Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser’s directions. A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features of the Site may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled. To find out how to see what cookies have been set, and how to reject and delete the cookies, please visit: http://www.aboutcookies.org.
7. Children’s privacy
This Site does not knowingly collect, use or disclose personal information from children under 13. If you believe that we have collected personal information about a child under 13, please inform us by submitting a general contact from to this address www.triumphgroup.com/contact-us/ so that we may delete the information.
8. Links to other websites and services
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services linked to or from our website, including the information or content contained in such websites or services, and this Policy does not apply to them. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link on our website, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies. Please read the terms of such websites carefully and exercise care when providing your personal information.
9. Browser do not Track
Our website and Platform do not support Do Not Track (“DNT”) at this time. DNT is a privacy preference you can set in your web browser to indicate that you do not want certain information about your web page visits tracked and collected across websites. For more details, including how to turn on Do Not Track, visit www.donottrack.us.
10. Cross Border Transfer
We transfer, process, and store information about you on servers located in the United States. Therefore, your information may be transferred to, stored, or processed in the United States or other countries outside of the EU, whose data protection, privacy, and other laws may not provide the same level of protection as those in your country of residence. For example, government entities in the United States and other countries may have certain rights to access your personal information. If we transfer your information outside of the EU in this way, we will take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this policy. By using our Site you and consent to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer of your information to Triumph Group’s facilities in the United States or in other non-EU countries.
11. Contact us
If you have any questions about this Policy or the Site, please contact us at: www.triumphgroup.com/contact-us/
12. Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may make changes to this Policy from time to time, in our sole discretion. When we make changes we deem material, we will provide you with prominent notice as appropriate under the circumstances, e.g., on the Site, or by sending you an email. In some cases, we will notify you in advance of the changes taking effect. Your continued use of the Site after the changes have been made will constitute your acceptance of the changes. Please therefore make sure you read any such notice carefully. If you do not wish to continue using the Site under a new version of the Policy, please cease using the Site and terminate your account in accordance with our Terms of Use.
This Privacy Policy was last modified on November 3, 2017.