http://www.mrlinsurance.co.uk/cookie-policy
We use cookies to collect information about how you use
mrlinsurance.co.uk . To accept cookies please click 'Accept and Close'. Or if you would like to disable non-essential cookies, please
click here.
By continuing to use this site, you agree to our use of cookies.
Accept & close
Thank you.
Your preferences have been saved and we have disabled all non-essential cookies for you. Please visit our cookie policy for more information about cookies on this website
Toggle navigation
Single Trip Insurance
Annual Travel Insurance
Winter Sports Insurance
Senior Travel Insurance
Medical Conditions
Car Hire Excess Insurance
Start your travel insurance quote!
MRL Insurance offers a wide range of cover for your holiday. Get a quote today and make sure your trip is protected.
Get a quote
Terms of Business
Policy Wording
Buy with Confidence:
24 hour emergency assistance
Secure online booking
Buy with Security:
Cookie Policy
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small file which is placed on your computer, just like an image or a web page file. The difference with a cookie is that it contains information which allows a website to identify you as you click from one page to the next, or when you return to the website. It can also be used to allow personalisation of a website.
MRL Travel Insurance uses cookies to provide analytics for statistical purposes, to maintain your product choices as you go through a purchase, and to allow the correct products to be shown to you if you have come from one of our partner websites.
The cookies used and the information held within them have no personal information and cannot be used to identify you as a person.
We also work with third parties who advertise our products on their websites. You may have found us today by clicking on such a link. We allow these websites to place a tracking cookie so that we can count the number of sales they have provided us with. These cookies also hold no personal information and are considered non-intrusive.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website and could prevent you from completing some purchases through our site.
MRL Travel Insurance Cookie Policy
The cookies we use do not contain any sensitive information such as your name, address or any payment details. Sensitive information which you choose to provide to us as part of the quotation process is stored securely and is not collected in the form of a cookie, you can see the full details of how insurefor.com and ROCK Insurance Group uses and stores your data in our privacy notice. Only information which is relevant to your visit to MRL Travel Insurance is stored in the form of a cookie, for example if you have visited our site previously, we are able to know you have run a quote previously so can deliver appropriate pages relevant to previous journey.
Here is a list of the cookies we use and their purpose:
Cookie Name / TypeDescription
CookieConsentGiven
This allows us to remember your cookie preferences and to only show you cookies that you have consented to. We store a value of ‘True’ or ‘False’ depending on your selection and will be stored for 365 days. You can change your preferences at any time.
ASP.NET_SessionID
This is a unique ID used to remember the choices you have made in order to complete your purchase. The details only last as long as you are on our website.
Affiliate
Several partners advertise on our behalf and affiliate tracking cookies simply allow us to see if you have come to the site through one of our partner sites so we can show you the products you expect to see and we can credit them appropriately and where applicable allow our affiliate partners to provide any bonus that they may provide you for making a purchase.
SourceReference
This allows us to tell our partner website about any sales that have been made from their site.
Orders processing related cookies
This site offers e-commerce or payment facilities and some cookies are essential to ensure that your order is remembered between pages so that we can process it properly.
In some cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details the types of third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
Non-Essential Cookies:
TypeDescription
Analytics
As we sell products it's important for us to understand statistics about how many of the visitors to our site actually make a purchase and as such this is the kind of data that these cookies will track. This is important to you as it means that we can accurately make business predictions that allow us to monitor our advertising and product costs to ensure the best possible price.
We use Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience.
These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
We also use Third party analytics are used to track and measure usage of this site so that we can continue to produce engaging content. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site or pages you visit which helps us to understand how we can improve the site for you.
Online Testing
From time to time we test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered. When we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimisations our users appreciate the most.
Advertising
Advertising Cookies allow us to count clicks and sales from our advertising from search engines and other websites.
We also use social media buttons on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways. They set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.
We also set a cookies to enable our customers to leave reviews on partner websites based on their experience.
Disabling cookies
All browsers have the ability to restrict or completely disallow cookies. You may find this may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the sites functionality, but it is entirely within your control.
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser help for how to do this). Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of this site. Therefore, it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren't sure whether you need or not it's usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site. If you are still looking for more information you can contact us on admin@rockinsurance.com
Travel Insurance
Annual Multi-trip Travel Insurance
Single Trip Travel Insurance
Winter Sports Travel Insurance
Senior Citizens Travel Insurance
Pre-existing Medical Condition Travel Insurance
MRL Insurance:
About Us
Contact Us
Policy Documentation
Frequently Asked Questions
Terms & Conditions
Cookie Policy
Privacy Notice
MRL Insurance Direct is a trading style of ROCK Insurance Services Limited.
Policies are underwritten by Euroins AD.
0343 658 0230
Call Centre Open:
Monday - Friday: 10am - 4pm
©2020
mrlinsurance.co.uk