http://www.insurancece.com/help
Home
877-488-9308
Cart Summary
Finish
Modify Order
Checkout >>
Sign In
Home
Exam Prep
Continuing Education
Company Training
Career Training
Resources
Help
Sign In
Search
Toggle navigation
Exam Prep
Insurance Exam Prep Courses
Insurance Adjuster Exam Prep Courses
CTEC Qualifying Education
Exam Prep Company Solutions
Continuing Education
Insurance CE
CFP® Certification CE
CPA CPE
Enrolled Agent CPE
Tax CE
Certification CE
Real Estate CE
Funeral CE
Other Products
Company Training
Firm Element & Securities
Anti-Money Laundering Training
Business Best Practices Training
Cybersecurity Training
Sexual Harassment Training
Fraud Training
Corporate Programs
Career Training
EXCEED Industry Training
Resources
Blog
Special Offers
CE Course Features
Insurance Exam Prep Course Features
General QuestionsAbout WebCEWhat courses does WebCE offer?What are the course delivery options available?Site NavigationManaging Your AccountCreating and editing your UserIDCreating and resetting your passwordUpdating your personal informationHow can I view my course history?Site NavigationOrdering CoursesHow do I order courses?How many credits do I need?When will I receive my course material?What are my payment options?Can I order courses for someone else?How do I use a promotion or voucher?What is WebCE’s exchange policy?What is WebCE’s refund policy?Do my courses expire?What is your money-back guarantee for your exam prep courses?Completing CoursesGeneral Exam QuestionsHow do I know if my exam needs to be monitored?How do I grade my WebCE exam?Completing CoursesGeneral Course Completion QuestionsHow do I get my certificate of completion?What do I do after I complete a course?Corporate SalesCorporate ProgramsWhat types of corporate programs do you have available?Additional InformationWebsite Compatibility and NavigationWhat web browsers can I use to view courses?Do I need to download special software to view the courses?Are WebCE courses mobile friendly?Additional InformationPrivacyWhere do I find WebCE’s Online Privacy Statement?How is my personal information used?Is the WebCE site secure?
What courses does WebCE offer?
WebCE offers self-study online continuing education and pre-license training courses for a variety of professional licenses and designations.
Our provider number for each license and/or certification can be found in the state requirements page, or at the bottom of your selected course catalog.
See below for a complete list of WebCE product offerings:
Advanced Education for Investment & Wealth Professionals (CIMA & CPWA)
Adjuster CE
Adjuster Exam Prep
AFIS – Agribusiness and Farm Insurance Specialist
American College Professional Recertification Program CE
CFE- Certified Fraud Examiner
CFP® - Certified Financial Planner CE
CPA CPE
CRIS - Construction Risk Insurance Specialist
CSA - Certified Senior Advisor
CSFS - Certified Self Funding Specialist
CTEC CE
Enrolled Agent CPE
Enrolled Agent Exam Prep
ERIS - Energy Risk and Insurance Specialist
Firm Element CE
Funeral and Embalmer CE
Insurance CE (Life/Health, Property/Casualty)
Insurance Exam Prep (Life/Health, Property/Casualty, Limited Lines)
MD Tax Prep
MLIS – Management Liability Insurance Specialist
NAMSA - National Association of Medicare Supplement Advisors
OBTP CE
Real Estate CE
Tax Preparer CE
TRIP - Transportation Risk Insurance Professional
Back to General Questions sectionWhat are the course delivery options available?All of WebCE’s continuing education and pre-license training
courses are available online.  Classroom
Equivalent, Monitor-Free, and Interactive Exam-Free online courses are available for some licenses and designations.  PDF courses are
also available for some licenses and designations. Check the “Course Catalog”
for more information about courses offered.Back to General Questions sectionCreating and editing your UserIDIn most cases, you can use your email address as your userID.  If you did not create your own userID, you will receive a “New Account Creation” email from WebCE or your company compliance department, that will provide you with your userID. If you forgot your UserID, please call our support services team at 877-488-9308.Back to Site Navigation sectionCreating and resetting your passwordPasswords need to be at least 8 characters long and must include at least 1 letter and 1 number. You can reset your password online, using WebCE’s password recovery instructions located on the “Sign In” page, or by calling our support services team at 877-488-9308.Back to Site Navigation sectionUpdating your personal informationYou can update your personal information in your account, by signing in and going to the “My Profile” page.   If you want to change your name, please contact our support services team at 877-488-9308.  Please note, your name should match the spelling on file for your license and/or designation. Back to Site Navigation sectionHow can I view my course history?Your active and completed courses will be listed under the “My Courses” page in your student account.Back to Site Navigation sectionHow do I order courses?Instructions for Ordering Online:Go to the “Course Catalog” and select your professional license and/or designation.  You may also be asked to select a state and license type before you can proceed to the course catalog. WebCE offers a large selection of courses for multi-licensed professionals.  If additional continuing education credit is available, an option to add credit will appear in the course description page above the “Add to Cart” button. Instructions for Ordering by Phone:To speak to a support services representative, call 877-488-9308. Back to Site Navigation sectionHow many credits do I need?The number of continuing education credits or pre-license training
hours you are required to complete vary by state and professional
license/designation. To find more
information on your required continuing education and/or pre-license training
hours, go to “Course Catalog” and click on the “Requirements” link at
the top of the page.Back to Site Navigation sectionWhen will I receive my course material?Online course material will be available immediately on your "My Courses" page in your student account. All Exam Prep Study Guide Workbooks orders are shipped UPS Ground, unless Next Day is specified at purchase.  All Ground shipments are delivered within 3-5 business days.Back to Site Navigation sectionWhat are my payment options?We accept all major credit cards, including: Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.To pay by check or money order, please pay to the order of WebCE, and mail your payment to: WebCE 12222 Merit Drive, Suite 500 Dallas, TX 75251Back to Site Navigation sectionCan I order courses for someone else?Customer accounts must be created using the same name and personal information as the professional completing the course.  If you wish to place multiple orders with one credit card, please contact our support services team at 877-488-9308.Back to Site Navigation sectionHow do I use a promotion or voucher?Go to the course catalog, and select your courses. Go to the shopping cart, and enter your promotional coupon or voucher number in the “Additional Discounts” box. Click “Apply” to see the discounted price.Back to Site Navigation sectionWhat is WebCE’s exchange policy?If you are not satisfied with your course and want to exchange it for another course, please contact our support services team at 877-488-9308.  Completed courses cannot be exchanged.  Additional state filing, book and shipping fees may apply.Back to Site Navigation sectionWhat is WebCE’s refund policy?WebCE will consider a partial or full refund of any non-expired, incomplete course upon request made to customer support
from the purchasing customer. WebCE reserves the right to either approve or
deny a requested refund. Once the refund has been issued, any incomplete
courses cannot be reinstated.Back to Site Navigation sectionDo my courses expire?Yes.  In order to ensure course content is both current and compliant, course availability is for a limited timeframe, not perpetual.  Most CE/CPE courses are accessible for 12 months from the date of purchase.  In order to stay aligned with state exam outlines, most exam prep courses are available for 90 days from the date of purchase.  Some specialty courses have expiration dates set by a regulating body or training plan and must be expired on a specific date, or within a different timeframe.  The expiration date(s) of your course(s) can be found on your student dashboard page.  If you are unable to complete your course(s) within that time, contact WebCE to request an extension.  Extension requests must be made within 30 days of the original expiration date, and cannot be guaranteed.  Fees may apply.Back to Site Navigation sectionWhat is your money-back guarantee for your exam prep courses?We guarantee that you will pass your license exam if the following criteria are met: Complete your exam prep course (all lessons and final/practice test) within 25 calendar days of opening the course. Pass an Exam Tutor license exam simulation within 3 calendar days prior to your license exam date. Take your license exam within 10 days of your last online access of the course material
If you have satisfied these criteria and you fail your state exam, contact WebCE to submit your exam score report and we will reimburse you the prorated fees for the online exam prep course materials only. Additional charges for non-course features such as state filing fees and printed Study Guides Workbooks are non-refundable.Back to Site Navigation sectionHow do I know if my exam needs to be monitored?Exam monitor requirements vary by license/certification and by state.  To find more information on your exam monitoring requirements, go to the “Requirements” link located at the top of the “Course Catalog” page. Back to Completing Courses sectionHow do I grade my WebCE exam?Online exams will be graded immediately upon clicking grade exam on the last page of exam questions.Paper exams must be mailed back to WebCE for grading and will be graded the day we receive the exam.Before mailing your answer sheet(s) to WebCE, please make sure that your answers are clearly marked, that the compliance declarations are complete, and you and your monitor (if applicable) have signed and dated the form. Retain copies of your test questions for your records.Note: To ensure accurate grading, please do not fax your exams to WebCE.To ensure prompt processing of your credits, please return the following: Test Answer Sheet(s)Affidavits or any other special forms required (if applicable) WebCE customer information sheet (if your profile information must be updated)
Back to Completing Courses sectionHow do I get my certificate of completion?In most cases, online certificates of completion can be printed immediately upon completion of the course or any time after. If your regulating body does not allow online certificates of completion, WebCE will email your certificate of completion to the address we have on file. Back to Completing Courses sectionWhat do I do after I complete a course?Continuing Education and CPE CoursesTo find more information on reporting your course credits and how to renew your license/designation, go to “Course Catalog” and click on the “Requirements” link at the top of the page. PreLicense Exam Prep CoursesTo find more information on where to register for your state licensing exam or how to apply for your license, go to “Course Catalog” and click on the “Requirements” link at the top of the page. Back to Completing Courses sectionWhat types of corporate programs do you have available?Groups of 50 or more can find more information about our discount, invoicing, voucher and custom course programs on our "Corporate Programs" page.Back to Corporate Sales sectionWhat web browsers can I use to view courses?Check the Technical Requirements page for more information. Back to Additional Information sectionDo I need to download special software to view the courses?No. Our courses do not require any special software or plugins.Back to Additional Information sectionAre WebCE courses mobile friendly?Yes.  WebCE's delivery platform is mobile-friendly and courses may be viewed without special plug-ins or browser add-ons. Check the Technical Requirements page for more information. Back to Additional Information sectionWhere do I find WebCE’s Online Privacy Statement?WebCE’s privacy statement is located within "Terms/Privacy" at the bottom of the "Home page."Back to Additional Information sectionHow is my personal information used?For more information on how WebCE uses personal information collected for our products and services, please see the WebCE Privacy Policy. Back to Additional Information sectionIs the WebCE site secure?Yes. Any time you send or receive personal or credit card information to WebCE, you will see a lock at the bottom of your browser indicating you are viewing a secure page and the data flowing to or from WebCE will be encrypted. Additionally, the data stored on WebCE’s computers is secured. We take standard precautions to ensure that our systems are secure and that they meet industry standards, including the application of firewalls for our Internet-based systems.Back to Additional Information section
Connect With Us:
Call: 877-488-9308
Email: [email protected]
About
Our Story
Why WebCE
Careers
Meet the Team
Need help?
FAQs
Contact Us
Legal & Tech
Technical Requirements
Privacy & Data Rights
Accessibility
Business Continuity
Terms & Conditions
Sitemap
Copyright ©1992-2020
WebCE®. All Rights Reserved.
S2-41
A + BBB Rating
Click for Review