https://www.gasketguy.com/privacy-policy/
The largest installer of commercial refrigeration gaskets in the US and Canada
My Account
Order Status
View Cart
Sign in or Create an account
Call Us: 1-877-442-7538
Email: info@gasketguy.com
Search
Advanced Search |
Search Tips
Shop
Find a Gasket Guy®
Resources
Model/Serial Research FormStrip Curtain 101Tips and TricksGround Transit TimesManufacturer Contact List
About Us
Sure Seal PromiseServicesKason StrongShipping and ReturnsMade in the USATeam Gasket GuyMission StatementPrivacy PolicyVlog
Contact Us
FAQs
Categories
Shop Now!
OEM Quality Commercial Gaskets
Acme
Anthony
Alto Shaam
American Panel
Arctic Air
Atlas Metal
Bally
Barr
Bastian Blessing
Beverage-Air
Bevles
Blodgett
Blue Air
Brown
Carter-Hoffman
Cold Tech
Continental
Delfield
Duke
Dunhill
Elliot Williams
Evans
Everest
Ever Frost
Federal
Florida Stainless
Foster
Franke
Frymaster
Glastender
Glenco
Hatco
Harford
Henny Penny
Hill Phoenix
Hobart
Hoshizaki
Howard-McCray
Hussmann
International Cold Storage
Jordon
Kairak
Kelvinator
Kolpak
La Crosse
La Rosa
Leer
Lockwood
Manitowoc
Market Forge
Master-Bilt
McCall
Metro
Migali
Nemco
Nor-Lake
Northland
Perlick
Pinnacle
Progressive-Golden Chef
Puffer Hubbard
Randell
Rhodes
Schaefer
Schmidt
Schott Gemtron
Silver King
Southern Pride
Stanley Knight
Star Metal
Styleline
Tafco
Thermo-Kool
Toastmaster
Turbo Air
Traulsen
True Mfg
Tyler
Utility
Universal Nolin
Vollrath
Victory
Vulcan-Hart
W.A. Brown
Welbuilt
Winston
Zero Zone
OEM Quality High Temp Gaskets
Foam Adhesive Gaskets
Hardware
Reach-In Hardware
Fasteners
Door Closers
Door Sweeps
Hinges
Latches & Handles
Strip Curtains
Build Your Own Strip Curtain Kit
Full Replacement Systems
Full Rolls
Replacement Strips
Strip Curtain Hardware
Cutting Boards
Standard Cutting Boards
OEM Quality Cutting Boards
Equipment Parts
Adhesives
Blenders
Briquettes & Lava Rocks
Broiler Burner
Brushes and Gloves
Cast Iron Lid
Casters and Legs
Cleaners
Cleaners, Grease and Oil
Converyor Parts
Door Hardware
Drain Strainers
Drains and Accessories
Electrical
Elements and Warmer Bulbs
Faucet Parts and Dipperwells
Filter Paper and Fryer Accessories
Food Preparation Equipment
Food Processor Parts
Fryer Baskets and Accessories
Fryer Paper and Fryer Accessories
Garbage Disposals
Gas Accessories
Gas Hoses
Grates
Griddles & Broilers
Hood Filters
Knobs
L H Rocker Arm
Levelers and Glides
Light Fixtures, Globes and Bulbs
Meat Chopper Parts
Mixer Attachments and Bowls
Mixer Attachments and Parts
Overflow Tubes
Plumbing
Refrigeration Shelving
Restroom Hardware and Accessories
Roller Grill
Shredder and Grater Parts
Sink Liners
Splash Curtains
Test Strips
Timers and Thermometers
Top Grate
Washers
Water Filters
Water Lines
Heater Wire
Tools
Gasket Wipes
Drill Bits
Business Opportunities
Personal Protection Equipment
ARCOP
HomeAbout UsPrivacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Gasket Guy collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the www.gasketguy.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Gasket Guy.
Personal identification information We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information Gasket Guy may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To process payments
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. Our Site is also in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for Users.
Sharing your personal information We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Changes to this privacy policy Gasket Guy has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
ProductsAlthough OEM part numbers are used in this catalog, the gaskets sold are not necessarily from the OEM. All gaskets listed in our website are not necessarily manufactured by or obtained from the original equipment manufacturer however, our gaskets are made to standards equal to or better than the original parts provided by the named manufacturer.
Contacting us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Gasket Guy www.gasketguy.com Gasket Guy 541 Tenth Street #210, Atlanta GA 30318
(877) 442-7538info@gasketguy.com
This document was last updated on September 19, 2014
Call Us: 1-877-442-7538 Email: info@gasketguy.com
All prices are in USD
Copyright 2020 Gasket Guy®.
Sitemap