http://www.gpax.com/privacy-policy.html
GPAX, Inc. Specializes in Automated Feeding Solutions & Protective Packaging for Delicate Parts & Components
Products Automated Feeding Solutions Protective Packaging for
Delicate PartsGPAX Loading and Feeding
Equipment
Showcase Automated Placement of
Electrical Transformer Disposable Medical Tool Protective Packaging of
Automotive Valve SpoolAutomated Placement
of Tilt Sensor Previous / Potential
Applications of Packaging
Services
Print This PageEmail This Page
Privacy PolicyGPAX, Inc.® respects your privacy and our site visitors' information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.Information Collected
If you request or submit information to us by sending an Email via sales@gpax.com or by filling out a "contact" form, we may save your Email address as well as any other information you provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, Email, or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your Email and other information will not be sold to any third party.Information Collected by Others
This notice addresses only GPAX, Inc.'s website policy, and does not apply to sites that users access via links from our site. GPAX, Inc. is not responsible for the information collecting policies of other sites, for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, or for the information or content contained therein. Often, links to other websites are provided solely on the basis that they may contain useful information for our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.Cookies
GPAX, Inc.'s website does not use cookies. Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information
If you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an Email with "Remove personal information" in the subject line.Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
GPAX, Inc. may disclose information when legally compelled to do so: when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires us to do so or for the protection of our legal rights.Periodic Policy Changes
Please note that GPAX, Inc. reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.This policy statement is made in the name of GPAX, Inc. and is effective as of August 26 2013. This statement does not create an agreement between GPAX, Inc. and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.Contact Us:
GPAX, Inc.®
561 Lancaster Avenue
Reynoldsburg, OH 43068
Phone: 614.501.7622
Fax: 614.501.7626
Email: sales@gpax.com
Packaging Services - Component Testing - Greater Throughput - Increased Cycle Time - Less Downtime