https://www.labellemodels.com/privacy.php?osCsid=ke3e637n25dq57g0koo0og0oh1
LaBelle Home »
» Privacy Notice
Cart Contents  |  Checkout
Browse Our Store
1 - HO Scale(127)2 - O Scale(43)3 - Accessories, Trucks & Parts(229)4 - Services offered(2)5 - Decals(111)6 - Current Catalog & Order Form(2)7 - Old Instruction Sheets(15)8 - Hints and Pointers(11)9 - Historic Files(949)
Featured
HO-50-09 Bellefonte Central 34' Truss Rod Box Car$29.95
CustomerInformation
Shipping & ReturnsPrivacy NoticeFeatured ProductsConditions of UseContact Us
Privacy Notice
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us and La Belle Woodworking is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust. For that reason, we have established this Privacy Policy. Any personal information provided by customers/visitors to La Belle Woodworking website is used for internal purposes only. La Belle Woodworking does not plan to divulge, sell or lease any personal information, customer listings, or aggregate data gathered through the La Belle Woodworking site to any outside party.
Information Collected and How We Use It
We collect two types of information about visitors:
Personal information, which you have voluntarily submitted to us through La Belle Woodworking Website.
Aggregate information, automatically collected non-identifying statistics, (such as information about how many visitors log on to our sites, the pages they access, etc.) Our web servers collect the IP addresses of visitors, not the e-mail addresses. La Belle Woodworking uses this information to measure the use of our site, to improve the content of our site, and to monitor access for security purposes.
Links to Other Sites
La Belle Woodworking may link to a number of third-party external sites. The inclusion of any link does not imply La Belle Woodworking endorsement of the external site company, its Website, or the services it promotes or sells. When you leave the La Belle Woodworking site to visit one of these linked sites, the only information transferred to the third party is the fact that you came from labellemodels.com (the refer address).
La Belle Woodworking is not responsible or liable for the independent privacy policies of these third party sites. You should consult the privacy policies at these sites to determine how your information may be used.
Children's Privacy
While we do not direct any of the information on our site specifically to children, we believe that protecting the privacy of children is important, and for that reason it is our intention to never collect or maintain information at our Web site from children. For more information regarding The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act and Rule, click here.
Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Continue
In My Cart
0 items
Store Search
Customer Extras
Photo GalleryModel and Prototype Pictures
Friday 11 December, 2020
9354339 requests since Friday 27 March, 2009
Copyright © La Belle Woodworking
Powered by RRPRO.net using osCommerce
Site Design by
rrpro.net