https://www.uniquecomputingsolutions.com/it-support/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their Personally identifiable information (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in U.S. privacy law and information security, and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in accordance with EU regulation, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your PII in accordance with our website.
We are committed to providing you with unsurpassed customer service. One of our representatives is getting ready to reach out to you shortly. If you’re experiencing an IT emergency, please call us at 708-265-3516.
Who We Are
Unique Computing Solutions, Inc.
10057 W. Lincoln Hwy. | Frankfort, IL 60423
708-265-3516
www.ucs-inc.net
What Personal Data We Collect and Why We Collect It
When registering on our site you may be asked to enter your name, company name, email address, phone number, or other details to help you with your experience. We collect information from you when you complete a form to receive information through our site. We may use the information we collect from you when you sign up to receive information, respond to marketing communications, surf the website, or use certain other site features to optimize your experience and help you make informed decisions about your technology. We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information and data stored on our site.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site, we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website. Uploaded files are usually accessible by the public.
Contact Forms
You may choose to fill out a contact form on our site. We collect information from you when you complete a form to receive information through our site. We may use the information we collect from you when you sign up to receive information, respond to marketing communications, surf the website, or use certain other site features to optimize your experience and help you make informed decisions about your technology.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year. If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed. If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded Content From Other Websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We are using Google Analytics and Facebook Pixel technology for data collection and aggregation to better understand and remarket to our visitors. To opt out of these services, please visit the opt out links below.
Who We Share Your Data With
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
How Long We Retain Your Data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue. For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What Rights You Have Over Your Data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where We Send Your Data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service. The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site,  your dealings with this site or the U.S. Fair Information Practices and the GDPR, please contact us at:
Unique Computing Solutions, Inc.
10057 W. Lincoln Hwy. | Frankfort, IL 60423
708-265-3516
www.ucs-inc.net
Additional Information
Your acceptance of these terms:  By using this site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use of the site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
How We Protect Your Data
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. Our site is also in compliance with both HIPAA vulnerability standards to keep your protected health information secure, and with PCI vulnerability standards to keep your payment card data secure in order to create a risk-free environment as possible for users.
What Data Breach Procedures We Have In Place
We will notify the users via email within 7 business days should a data breach occur. We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
What Third Parties We Receive Data From
Occasionally, we receive data about users from third parties, including advertisers. This information is included within the section of your privacy policy dealing with third party data.
What Automated Decision-Making And/Or Profiling We Do with User Data
We do use cookies, as referenced above. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Unique Computing Solutions, Inc. has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time, and any changes made will be in accordance with the U.S. Fair Information Practices and the GDPR. We encourage users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
We've made some important changes to our Privacy Policy and use of Cookies to help provide a better user experience while visiting our site. By continuing to use this website, you consent to the use of these methods according to our Privacy Policy.
Privacy Preferences
I Agree