https://www.logicsoftware.co.uk/privacy-policy/
By using this site you accept our use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy.
×
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
At Logic Software we are committed to safeguarding and preserving the privacy of our visitors.  This website privacy policy has been provided by the legal resource www.diylegals.co.uk and has been reviewed and approved by their solicitors.  This policy explains what happens to any personal data provided to us, or collected from visitors to our site.  We update this policy from time to time so please feel free to review it regularly.
Information We Collect
In running and maintaining our website we may collect and process the following data:
Information about your use of our site including details of your visits, such as pages viewed and the resources that you access.  Such information includes traffic data, location data and other communication data;
Information provided voluntarily by you.  For example, information that you provide when you communicate with us by any means.
Use Of Your Information
We use the information that we collect to help us provide services to you.  In addition to this, we may use the information for one or more of the following purposes:
To provide information to you that you request from us relating to our services;
To provide information to you relating to other services that may be of interest to you. Such additional information will only be provided where you have consented to receive such information;
To inform you of any changes to our website or services.
If you have previously purchased services from us we may provide you with details of similar services, or other services that you may be interested in.
Storing Your Personal Data
In operating our website we will only transfer data that we collect from you to secure data centres in the UK for processing and storing.  By providing your personal data to us, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing.  We do our utmost to ensure that all reasonable steps are taken to make sure that your data is treated and stored securely.  Unfortunately the sending of information via the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be totally secure and on occasion such information can be intercepted.  We cannot guarantee the security of data that you choose to send us electronically, sending such information is entirely at your own risk.
Disclosing Your Information
We will not disclose your personal information to any other party other than in accordance with this privacy policy and in the circumstances detailed below:
In the event that we sell any or all of our business to the buyer;
Where we are legally required by law to disclose your personal information;
To further fraud protection and reduce the risk of fraud.
Third Party Links
On occasion we include links to third parties on this website.  Where we provide a link it does not mean that we endorse or approve that site’s policy towards visitor privacy.  You should review their privacy policy before sending them any personal data.
Access To Information
In accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 you have the right to access any information that we hold relating to you.  Please note that we reserve the right to charge a fee of £10 to cover costs incurred by us in providing you with the information.
Contacting Us
Please do not hesitate to contact us regarding any matter relating to this privacy policy at: info@logicsoftware.co.uk
Privacy Policy
Talk to us about your next project
Contact us