https://www.ittoolkit.com/home/terms
Terms & Conditions
The information and services provided by ITtoolkit.com are subject to the following terms
and conditions, and all applicable laws. By using this site, you agree to accept the following
terms and conditions. Unless specifically stated otherwise, all contents of this site, including
text and images, are the property of Right Track Associates, Inc. Visitors may not change,
publish, or create derivative works from any of this content, in whole or part. Visitors
may access or download information from ITtoolkit.com for personal use only.
Overview
Usage Tracking
External Links
Copyright Notice
Privacy
Remedies
Overview
ITtoolkit.com is provided on an "as is" basis without any warranties of any kind, either
expressed or implied, including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability
or fitness for a particular purpose, warranties of title, or warranties of non-infringement
of intellectual property rights, other than those warranties that are implied by and incapable
of exclusion under applicable laws. In no event will Right Track Associates, Inc., or any
person or entity involved in creating or distributing ITtoolkit.com content, be held liable
for damages (including, without limitation, direct, indirect, consequential, punitive damages
or lost profits) arising out of the use or inability to use ITtoolkit.com. This disclaimer
of liability applies, without limitation to any damages or injuries caused by any failure
of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission,
computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction of or unauthorized access
to or alteration or use of records, whether under claim for breach of contract, tortuous
behavior, negligence, or any other cause of action.
Tracking
Data gathered through aggregate tracking information is derived mainly by tallying page
views throughout our sites. This information enables us to better tailor our content to
visitor needs. We do not correlate any usage tracking with data about individual users.
Links
Links to External Web Sites
Certain hyperlinks (the "Links") contained in various pages on ITtoolkit.com may allow
the user to access other sites on the Web, including sites that are not controlled by Right
Track Associates, Inc. Unless otherwise expressly stated, the maintenance of the Links should
not be taken as a manifestation or reflection of any control, affiliation, endorsement or
any other relationship between Right Track Associates, Inc. and the operator of the other
Web site. Right Track Associates, Inc. shall not be responsible in any manner for any of
the contents of any Web site to which any Right Track Associates, Inc. website contains
Links. Right Track Associates, Inc. shall not be responsible for changes, updates or unavailability
of these linked Web sites. Right Track Associates, Inc. shall not be liable for any direct
or indirect inconvenience, prejudice or damage to the user which may be caused by the accessing
of other Web sites via the Links.
External Links
ITtoolkit.com may contain links to other sites. We do not control the practices of these
external sites.
Links to ITtoolkit.com
Each link created by Other Operators shall expressly state that such link shall lead
to the ITtoolkit.com site. Other Operators shall not create a link that contains a frame.
All links to ITtoolkit.com shall only be through a separate browser window, with the URL
address of the ITtoolkit.com resource (page) clearly visible in the location bar. No Framing,
inline links, meta-tags, Hyperlinks or a form of link that disguises the URL and bypasses
the homepage are permitted. Any authority granted to Other Operators to link their sites
to ITtoolkit.com does not authorize the use of any of our trademarks or service marks.
Other Operators shall not use, copy or distribute any of our trademarks or service marks
without separate and express written authority from Right Track Associates, Inc. Other Operators
shall not copy, distribute or otherwise lift any of the contents of any of the ITtoolkit.com
Web site without the prior written consent of Right Track Associates, Inc. Right Track Associates,
Inc. reserves the right to change, alter, amend or suspend this Link Policy, without prior
notice to Other Operators. Other Operators shall be bound by any such change, alteration,
amendment or suspension upon the posting of the same on this Web site
Copyright
All rights, including copyright, in the content of these ITtoolkit.com web pages are
owned or controlled for these purposes by Right Track Associates, Inc. In accessing the
ITtoolkit.com web pages, you agree that you may only download the content for your own personal
non-commercial use. You are not permitted to sell, copy, broadcast, download, store (in
any medium), transmit, show or play in public, adapt or change in any way the content of
these ITtoolkit.com web pages for any other purpose whatsoever without the prior written
permission of Right track Associates, Inc. Photos, icons and vector images provided by freepik and pixabay.
Privacy
ITtoolkit.com is published by Right Track Associates. We have created this policy statement
to share privacy related terms and to demonstrate our ongoing committment to customer, subscriber and visitor privacy.
Newsletter Subscription
Email addresses are requested and collected as part of the subscription process for the
ITtoolkit newsletter, via our contact form and as part of the Toolkit purchase process.
We do not sell or share our newsletter subscription list or
contact emails with any third parties. We will divulge email addresses only as necessary to comply with state and
federal laws. You may unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time and all contact information
will be deleted. Emails provided via contact forms or purchases are not subscribed to the newsletter and
will not receive any communications from ITtoolkit other than those specifically requested and initiated by
the requesting party.
Usage Tracking
Data gathered through aggregate tracking information is derived mainly by tallying page
views throughout our sites. This information enables us to better tailor our content to
visitor needs. We do not correlate any usage tracking with data about individual users.
Cookies
From time to time, and as needed, ITtoolkit.com may utilize cookies as needed to facilitate
usage of ITtoolkit.com. These cookies are not used to store information and are erased upon
browser shutdown. In addition, we may set 'persistent
cookies' to monitor site usage. Usage cookies only
contain data which does not personally identify the visitor. You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. You do
not need to have cookies turned on to access the ITtoolkit.com web site, however certain
areas and content may be inaccessible or will not function without cookies. If you have
set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message
with each cookie. If you are concerned about unwanted cookies, we suggest setting your browser
to accept cookies from originating servers and to reject cookies from third-party servers.
Remedies
Right Track Associates, Inc. reserves the right to exercise and exhaust any right, privilege
or remedy available to it under this Terms of Use and Link Policy and under law, in order
to enforce and preserve its rights including, without limitation, instituting legal action
and/or taking measures to deny access to any of Right Track Associates, Inc. Web sites from
Web site of the corresponding Other Operator. Other Operators agree, by linking to any Right
Track Associates, Inc. Web site, that the laws of the United States of America and the state
of Delaware shall govern this Link Policy and the relationship of the Other Operators with
Right Track Associates, Inc. with respect to the establishment and/or maintenance of such
link. ITtoolkit.com, "fast track model" and "manage by process framework" are service marks
of Right Track Associates, Inc.