http://www.hardygroup.co.uk/site-services/terms-and-conditions
skip to main content
IMPORTANT NOTICE: CNA Hardy would like to place cookies on your computer to improve your use of this website. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Cookie Policy. By continuing to use this website you shall be deemed to have provided your consent and have accepted our Website Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
COVID-19 Coronavirus Updates and SupportBusiness CapabilitiesContactsAbout UsClaimsSYNDICATE 382 AT LLOYD’SNews & InsightCareersResourcesCNA ONLINE
Claims
SYNDICATE 382 AT LLOYD’S
News & Insight
Careers
Resources
CNA ONLINE
Search
Business Capabilities
About Us
Contacts
COVID-19 Updates & Support here
Select a region
Select a region
United Kingdom
Global
Belgium
Canada
Denmark
Italy
France
Netherlands
Germany
USA
Luxembourg
Go!
Site Services|Terms & Conditions|
MA
IT
GE
DA
FR
BE
NL
EN
facebook
twitter
linkedin
Email
Terms & Conditions
WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
This website is provided by CNA Hardy and the terms “we”, “us” and “our” when used in this Website Terms and Conditions of Use Policy means the CNA Hardy entities listed here. The terms “you” and “your” when used in this Website Terms and Conditions of Use Policy means any user of this website.
These terms of use govern your use of this web site. It is important that you read these terms and conditions carefully. By using this web site you are deemed to have accepted these terms and conditions. If you do not accept these terms and conditions then please do not use this site.
You must be over 18 years old and a resident in Europe to use this site.
We may amend these terms of use from time to time, and the revised version will be effective immediately.
CODE OF CONDUCT
If accessing any part of our web site you agree:
Not to use our web site in such a way that disrupts, interferes with or restricts the use of our web site by other third party users;
To ensure that any materials uploaded, displayed or transmitted by you through our web site are not false, offensive, defamatory, threatening, obscene, unlawful and do not breach or infringe the rights of any person anywhere in the world (including without limitation intellectual property rights);
Not to reverse engineer, decompile, copy or adapt any software or other code or scripts forming part of our web site nor attempt to transmit to or via our web site any information that contains a virus, worm, Trojan horse, or other harmful or disruptive component; not to change, modify, delete, interfere with or misuse data contained on our web site entered by or relating to any third party user of our web site.
If accessing any part of our web site that requires you to enter a password you agree:
to ensure that any details with which you supply to us to register for such access are accurate and to let us know promptly if any of the details which you have supplied to us about you change;
to keep any personal log-in password provided by us to you confidential, and to be responsible for any loss or damage resulting from use of your password by any third party.
We reserve the right to terminate your access to password protected areas of our web site should we consider that your use of our web site is detrimental to our web site or to other users.
YOUR USE OF THE CONTENTS OF THIS WEB SITE
You may download, view and print pages from our web site for your own personal or business use, provided that you do not remove in whole or in part any trade marks, copyright and other proprietary notices contained in or appearing on any material you download or print from our web site. All other rights are reserved, and you should ask our permission before making any other use of the web site.
DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
We will use our reasonable endeavors to ensure that the information on our web site is accurate. However, you acknowledge that any reliance on any information or other material contained on our web site is entirely at your own risk and all other warranties, undertakings, conditions and terms, express or implied, whether by common law, statute, custom, trade usage, course of dealings or otherwise (including without limitation as to quality, fitness for purpose, performance or suitability for purpose) in respect of the web site are hereby excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.
We have no control over and are therefore unable to accept any responsibility for the contents of any information or material outside our web site to which you may gain access from our web site. Nothing in these terms of use shall exclude our liability to you for fraudulent misrepresentation by us or our employees or for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence or that of our employees.
Subject to the above, you acknowledge that our liability to you for direct loss under arising out of or in connection with your use of our web site shall be limited to £1,000 for any one incident or series of incidents. We shall, however, in no circumstances be liable to you under or in connection with use of our web site for any indirect, economic or consequential loss whatsoever; loss of revenue; loss of profits; loss of business; loss of goodwill or reputation; loss of use; any deletion, corruption, destruction, loss or removal of data or any professional charges.
We cannot guarantee that our web site will always be available to you, owing to the nature of the internet. You should satisfy yourself that you have appropriate protection against computer viruses whilst using the internet, and that your connection to our web site is secure. We may also temporarily suspend availability of the services available from this web site in order to upgrade, repair or maintain any aspects of the technological infrastructure of the services. We will use all reasonable endeavors to carry out such repair or maintenance work with minimum disruption to the services.
WHEN NOTIFYING A CLAIM
When using our on-line claims notification service you are responsible in all respects for the content of the material you submit via the web site about your claim; and you warrant, represent and undertake to us that they shall be accurate, complete, true and up to date. In the event that your claim notification contains information about the physical or mental health of yourself or another person you confirm that we have the necessary authority to process that information for the purposes of your claim. You agree to indemnify us and keep us indemnified against all loss, damage, awards, claims, demands, proceedings, costs or expenses that we may suffer or incur as a result of any breach by you of this clause.
RIGHTS OF CNA HARDY
We reserve the right, to carry out such verification of the information you provide to us as we shall deem appropriate. We own or are licensed to use all copyright and other intellectual property rights in the web site, including all intellectual property rights in text, icons, images, data, information, programming, scripting, design, layout and all other elements of the web site, the name CNA Hardy, and our logos. We are entitled to make changes to the services which are necessary to comply with any applicable security or other legislative or regulatory requirements.
DATA PROTECTION
By registering to access secure areas on this web site, you consent to us processing your personal data in accordance with our Privacy and Consent to Use Policy.
OTHER AGREEMENTS
The terms of any other agreement in writing with CNA Hardy, including any insurance contract or cover note shall, insofar as they conflict with these Terms and Conditions of Use, prevail.
GOVERNING LAW
These Terms and Conditions of Use shall be governed by and construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England and the parties submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England in respect of any disputes which may arising in relation to our web site.
CONTACTING US
If you have any queries about these Terms and Conditions of Use, please write to our Legal Department at: General Counsel, CNA Hardy, 20 Fenchurch Street, London EC3M 3BY.
United Kingdom
Global
Belgium
Canada
Denmark
Italy
France
Netherlands
Germany
USA
Luxembourg
Cookies
Brexit
Terms & Conditions
Privacy & Consent to Use Data
Site Map
Complaints
Sanctions & Commercial Appetite Policy
Modern Slavery Act Statement
Gender Pay Gap
Board Diversity Policy
Legal Entity Details
Cookie Settings