https://www.cms-tools.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Connector Microtooling Systems, Inc.
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
Welcome to Connector Microtooling Systems, Inc.
Menu
Search
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy is very simple and to-the-point. We do not share information with anyone outside of our organization.
For each visitor to our Web site, our Web server automatically recognizes only the user's domain name.
We collect only the domain name, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages user's access or visit and information which is only volunteered by you.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page only.
Your e-mail and postal addresses will only be used by us, to communicate with you about the completion of your current orders and will not be shared with any other party. You will not receive any other e-mail or postal mail from us, except in response to a request initiated by you, to us.
We do collect cookies which are explained in detail below.
We are a wholesale distributor of tools used in the preparation of wire and cable for termination into electrical connecting devises and other related production tools.
Our contact information is located in the "Contact Us" tab, on the left of your browser screen on our Home Page.
What Are Cookies?
A cookie is a very small text file sent to your hard drive by a Web page server to store on your Web browser so that it can later be read back by that browser. It is essentially your "identification card" and cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses. Cookies from one site cannot be read by another site; it is your unique ID and can only be read by the server that gave it to you.
What Are They Used For?
A cookie tells the Web server that you have returned to a Web page. If you have personalized pages or register for products and/or services, a cookie helps us remember who you are. It allows us to be more efficient. We can learn what is more important to our customers and provide you with the information you need. Cookies enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as storage of items in your Shopping Basket between visits.
Security
Cookies provided by our Website do not contain any credit card or personal information. It can be used to track where you travel on our site only. It cannot be used to get information from your hard drive, get your e-mail or capture personal information about you.
Your payment and personal information is always safe.
Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read over the internet.
Cookie Acceptance
You can have your browser accept all cookies or alert you whenever a cookie is offered. If you decide to accept cookies you can later delete them. However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of our personalization features, and we recommend that you leave them turned on. Your browser allows you to set options for cookies. In Internet Explorer these options can be found by clicking the word "Tools" at the top of your browser screen. In Mozilla and Navigator these options can be found by clicking the word "Edit" at the top of your browser screen and then click on "Preferences".
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Client List
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Information
FAQ
Reference Library
Helpful Links
Line Sheet
Quick Links
Site Map
Advanced Search
© 2020 Connector Microtooling Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved.