https://www.ropelocker.co.uk/index.php?main_page=privacy
Specials
Can we help? Call now - 01626 906198
your online rope supplier
Categories
BOAT ROPE
Yacht Rope
Performance & Racing Rope
Dinghy Rope and Kite Line
Traditional Classic Rope
Mooring Rope and Dockline
Cord, Net & Webbing
Hardware and Accessories
Cheap Rope : clearance
DECKING ROPE
DYNEEMA ROPE
CLIMBING ROPE
Dynamic Rope
Cord & Slings
Hardware/ Accessories
GYM & FITNESS ROPE
NATURAL FIBRE ROPE
CORD & TWINE
Small cord and bungee
Paracord and accessories
Twine
HOME & GARDEN ROPE
Swings & Outdoor Play
Rope:
Natural and Synthetic
Rope for Pets
Fixtures and Fittings
ROPE ACCESS
Rope
Cord & Slings
Hardware
ARBORIST ROPE
Rope and Cord
Pulleys and Swivels
Slings, Strops and Lanyards
Carabiners and Connectors
Ascenders and Descenders
Accessories
WINCH LINE / 4x4
CHEAP ROPE
ROPE REEL DEALS
ACCESSORIES
ROPE GIFTS and BOOKS
ROPE WAREHOUSE
Information
Customer Service
About Us
Log In / Register
Create Account
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
General Info
Site Map
Useful Links
Contact
0
- £0.00
Log In / Register
0
- £0.00
More than a rope supplier
Next day delivery available
Expert advice
Categories
BOAT ROPEDECKING ROPEDYNEEMA ROPECLIMBING ROPEGYM & FITNESS ROPENATURAL FIBRE ROPECORD & TWINEHOME & GARDEN ROPEROPE ACCESSARBORIST ROPEWINCH LINE / 4x4CHEAP ROPEROPE REEL DEALSACCESSORIESROPE GIFTS and BOOKSROPE WAREHOUSESpecials ...New Products ...Featured Products ...All Products ...
What's New  [more]
Reel: 100m x 6mm Robline Braid on Braid£54.00
Manufacturers
Please select ...
Please Select
Beal
DMM
Edelrid
English Braids
Gladding
Harken
HSGM
Kingfisher Rope..
Lyon
mammut
Marlow
Nutscene
Petzl
Robline
ropelocker
Selden
Selma
Featured  [more]
Coil (220m) Hardy Hemp: polyhemp/ synthetic hemp£50.94
Home
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
At ropelocker, we are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998, the changes to Data Protection Law May 2018 and subsequent revisions thereof.
Data Collection:
We collect information about you for these reasons:
To process your order including payment authorisation and shipping of your order
To provide you with the best possible service
The type of information we will collect about you includes:
Your name
Address
Phone number (including mobile number)
E-mail address
Your credit/debit card details- telephone transactions only
We will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent.
Data Sharing:
We sometimes share your personal data with trusted third parties. For example, delivery couriers, for fraud management and to handle complaints
Here’s the policy we apply to those organisations to keep your data safe and protect your privacy:
We provide only the information they need to perform their specific services.
They may only use your data for the exact purposes we specify in our contract with them.
We work closely with them to ensure that your privacy is respected and protected at all times.
Examples of the kind of third parties we work with are:
IT companies who support our website and other business systems.
Operational companies such as delivery couriers.
Direct marketing companies who help us manage our electronic communications with you.
Google/Facebook to show you products that might interest you while you’re browsing the internet. This is based on either your marketing consent or your acceptance of cookies on our websites.
For fraud management, we may share information about fraudulent or potentially fraudulent activity in our premises or systems. This may include sharing data about individuals with law enforcement bodies.
Data Storage:
We know how much data security matters to all our customers. With this in mind, we will treat your data with the utmost care and take all appropriate steps to protect it.
The information we hold will be accurate and up to date. It is possible to obtain a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you find any inaccuracies we will delete or correct it promptly. Should you require a copy of such information, please contact us using the 'Contact us' page. This information is held to enable us to assist you with your future enquiries and to allow us to comply with our legal responsibilities with HMRC.
The personal information which we hold will be held securely in accordance with our internal security policy and English law. If we intend to transfer your information outside the EEA (European Economic Area) for uses other than order fulfilment, we will always obtain your consent first.
We secure access to all transactional areas of our websites and apps using ‘https’ technology.
Access to your personal data is password-protected.
We regularly monitor our system for possible vulnerabilities and attacks.
Your credit/debit card details are never stored.
We may use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of registered and non-registered visitors to our site. This can include using a "cookie" which would be stored on your browser. You can usually modify your browser to prevent this happening (for example, using Internet Explorer select 'internet options' from the 'tools' menu, then click 'security', followed by 'custom level' and select 'disable cookies'). The information collected in this way can be used to identify you unless you modify your browser settings. We also aggregate this data to perform statistical analyses of the characteristics and behaviour of our registered users and non-registered visitors. Cookies are also used as a further means of ensuring private and secure purchase sessions are operated within the site.
Every time you connect to our website we store a log of your visit which shows the unique number your machine uses when it is connected to the internet (IP address). This tells us what you looked at; whether the page request was successful or not and which browser you use to view the pages. The use of this data is strictly for statistical purposes only. This helps us to understand which areas of the site are of particular interest and also which pages are not being requested. It also tells how many people are visiting the website in total.
Data collected during a promotion is typically shared with the sponsor or co-sponsor. We will inform you at the point of collection whether your personal data will be shared with others as a result of your participation and you will have the chance to opt-out prior to any data sharing.
We may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information we will notify you by email or an announcement on the website.
Revised May 22nd 2018
Back
Shop
Home
Featured
Specials
New Arrivals
View All
Customer Service
Shipping and Returns
Contact Us
About Us
My Account
Share and Connect
Copyright © 2020 ropelocker.co.uk.
3 Black Swan Business Park, Dawlish, Devon, EX7 0FQ - 01626 906198
Site Map
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Content
Rope BlogInterested in more than buying rope?
Visit our Rope blog.
Or call us on 01626 906198 to discuss your rope requirements.