http://www.osfi-bsif.gc.ca/eng/Pages/terms.aspx
Skip to main content
Skip to footer
Terms and Conditions
Page Content
Table of contents
Privacy Notice
Your Privacy and the Internet
Communicating with the Government of Canada
Third-Party Social Media
Improving your Experience on Government of Canada Websites
Protecting the Security of Government of Canada Websites
Inquiring about these Practices
Official Notices for Government of Canada Departments
Using Files Located on Non-Government of Canada Servers
Providing Content in Canada's Official Languages
Linking to Non-Government of Canada Websites
Ownership and Usage of Content Provided on This Site
Our Commitment to Accessibility
Interacting With Us on Social Media
Content and
Frequency
Links
to Other Websites and Ads
Following,
“Favouriting” and Subscribing
Comments
and Interaction
Accessibility
of Social Media Platforms
Copyright
Privacy
Official
Languages
Questions
and Media Requests
Privacy
Notice
The Government of Canada (GC) and The Office of the Superintendent of
Financial Institutions (OSFI) are committed to providing visitors with Web sites
that respect their privacy. This Privacy Notice summarizes the privacy policy
and practices for OSFI online activities.
All personal information collected by this institution is governed by the Privacy Act. This means that you will be informed of the purpose for which your personal information is being collected and how to exercise your right of access to that information.
Your Privacy and the Internet
The nature of the Internet is such that Web servers automatically collect certain information about a visit to a website, including the visitor’s Internet Protocol (IP) address. IP addresses are unique numbers assigned by Internet Service Providers (ISP) to all devices used to access the Internet. Web servers automatically log the IP addresses of visitors to their sites. The IP address, on its own, does not identify an individual. However, in certain circumstances, such as with the co-operation of an ISP for example, it could be used to identify an individual using the site. For this reason, the Government of Canada considers the IP address to be personal information, particularly when combined with other data automatically collected when visitor requests a Web page such as the page or pages visited, date and time of the visit.
Unless otherwise noted, OSFI does not automatically gather any specific information from you, such as your name, telephone number or email address. OSFI would obtain this type of information only if you supply it to us, for example, by email or by filling in a contact form. In such cases, how your personal information is handled will be provided in a Personal Information Collection Statement.
In cases where services are provided by organizations outside of the Government of Canada, such as social media platforms or mobile applications, IP addresses may be recorded by the Web server of the third-party service provider.
Communicating with the Government of Canada
If you choose to send OSFI an email or complete a feedback form online, your personal information is used by OSFI in order to respond to your inquiry. The information you provide will only be shared with another government institution if your inquiry relates to that institution.
OSFI does not use the information to create individual profiles nor does it disclose the information to anyone other than to those in the federal government who need to provide you with a response. Any disclosure of your personal information is in accordance with the Privacy Act.
Emails and other electronic methods used to communicate with the Government of Canada are not secure unless it is specifically stated on a Web page. Therefore, it is recommended that you do not send sensitive personal information, such as your Social Insurance Number or your date of birth, through non-secure electronic means.
Personal information from emails or completed
feedback forms is collected pursuant to the Privacy Act. Such
information may be used for statistical, evaluation and reporting purposes and
is included in Personal Information Bank PSU 914 Public Communications.
Third-Party Social Media
OSFI’s use of social media serves as an extension of its presence on the Web. Social media account(s) are public and are not hosted on Government of Canada servers. Users who choose to interact with us via social media should read the terms of service and privacy policies of these third-party service providers and those of any applications you use to access them. OSFI uses Facebook, Twitter,YouTube.
Personal information that you provide to the
Government of Canada via social media account(s) is collected under the
authority of the Financial
Administration Act. This
information is collected to capture conversations (e.g. questions and answers,
comments, “likes”, retweets) between you and OSFI. It may be used to respond to
inquiries, or for statistical, evaluation and reporting purposes. Comments
posted that violate Canadian law will be deleted and disclosed to law
enforcement authorities. Comments that violate our rules of engagement will
also be deleted. The personal information is included in Personal
Information Bank PSU 938 Outreach
Activities.
Improving your Experience on Government of Canada Websites
Digital Markers (including cookies)
A digital marker is a resource created by the visitors’ browser in order to remember certain pieces of information for the Web server to reference during the same or subsequent visit to the website. Examples of digital markers are “cookies” or HTML5 web storage. Some examples of what digital markers do are as follows:
they allow a website to recognize a previous visit each time the visitor accesses the site;
they track what information is viewed on a site which helps website administrators ensure visitors find what they are looking for.
OSFI uses sessional digital markers on some portions of its website. During your on-line visit, your browser exchanges data with OSFI’s Web server. The digital markers used do not allow OSFI to identify individuals.
You may adjust your browser settings to reject digital markers, including cookies, if you so choose. However, it may affect your ability to interact with OSFI’s website.
Web Analytics
Web analytics is the collection, analysis, measurement, and reporting of data about Web traffic and visits for purposes of understanding and optimizing Web usage. Information in digital markers may be used for the purpose of web analytics to remember your online interactions with OSFI’s website.
OSFI uses WebLog Expert Enterprise and SharePoint Web Analytics
to improve its web site. When your computer requests an OSFI Web page, our institution collects the following types of information for Web analytics:
the originating IP address
the date and time of the request
the type of browser used
the page(s) visited
OSFI retains information collected by WebLog Expert Enterprise and SharePoint Web Analytics for a maximum period of 18 months. After this period, the information must be disposed of in accordance with the Standard on Privacy and Web Analytics and as authorized by the Librarian and Archivist of Canada. The information is not disclosed to an external third party service provider.
Information used for the purpose of Web analytics is collected pursuant to the Financial Administration Act. Such data may be used for communications and information technology statistical purposes, audit, evaluation, research, planning and reporting. For more information on how your privacy is safeguarded in relation to web analytics, see the Standard on Privacy and Web Analytics.
Protecting the Security of Government of Canada Websites
OSFI employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. This software receives and records the IP address of the computer that has contacted our website, the date and time of the visit and the pages visited. We make no attempt to link these addresses with the identity of individuals visiting our site unless an attempt to damage the site has been detected.
This information is collected pursuant to section 161 of the Financial
Administration Act. The
information may be shared with appropriate law enforcement authorities if
suspected criminal activities are detected. Such information may be used for
network security related statistical purposes, audit, evaluation, research,
planning and reporting and is included in Personal
Information Bank PSU 939 Security
Incidents.
Inquiring about these Practices
Any questions, comments, concerns or complaints you
may have regarding the administration of the Privacy Act and
privacy policies regarding OSFI’s Web presence may be directed to our Access to
Information and Privacy Coordinator by:
E-mail: atip.aiprp@osfi-bsif.gc.ca
Telephone: (613) 990-7495
Mail: Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions Canada
255 Albert Street, 12th Floor
Ottawa, Canada
K1A 0H2
If you are not
satisfied with OSFI’s response to your privacy concern, you may wish to contact
the Office of the Privacy Commissioner by telephone at
1-800-282-1376.
Official Notices for Government of Canada Departments
Using Files Located on Non-Government of Canada Servers
To improve the functionality of Government of Canada websites, certain files (such as open source libraries, images and scripts) may be delivered automatically to your browser via a trusted third-party server or content delivery network. The delivery of these files is intended to provide a seamless user experience by speeding response times and avoiding the need for each visitor to download these files. Where applicable, specific privacy statements covering these files are included in our Privacy Notice.
Providing Content in Canada's Official Languages
The Official Languages Act, the Official Languages (Communications with and Services to the Public) Regulations and Treasury Board policy requirements establish when we use both English and French to provide services to or communicate with members of the public. When there is no obligation to provide information in both official languages, content may be available in one official language only. Information provided by organizations not subject to the Official Languages Act is in the language(s) provided. Information provided in a language other than English or French is only for the convenience of our visitors.
Linking to Non-Government of Canada Websites
Links to websites not under the control of the Government of Canada, including those to our social media accounts, are provided solely for the convenience of our website visitors. We are not responsible for the accuracy, currency or reliability of the content of such websites. The Government of Canada does not offer any guarantee in that regard and is not responsible for the information found through these links, nor does it endorse the sites and their content.
Visitors should also be aware that information offered by non-Government of Canada sites to which this website links is not subject to the Privacy Act or the Official Languages Act and may not be accessible to persons with disabilities. The information offered may be available only in the language(s) used by the sites in question. With respect to privacy, visitors should research the privacy policies of these non-government websites before providing personal information.
Ownership and Usage of Content Provided on This Site
Materials on this website were produced and/or compiled by OSFI for the purpose of providing Canadians with access to information about the programs and services offered by the Government of Canada. You may use and reproduce the materials as follows:
Non-Commercial Reproduction
Unless otherwise specified you may reproduce the materials in whole or in part for non-commercial purposes, and in any format, without charge or further permission, provided you do the following:
Exercise due diligence in ensuring the accuracy of the materials reproduced;
Indicate both the complete title of the materials reproduced, as well as the author (where available); and
Indicate that the reproduction is a copy of the version available at [URL where original document is available].
Commercial Reproduction
Unless otherwise specified, you may not reproduce materials on this site, in whole or in part, for the purposes of commercial redistribution without prior written permission from the copyright administrator. To obtain permission to reproduce Government of Canada materials on this site for commercial purposes, contact:
Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions Canada
255 Albert Street, 12th Floor
Ottawa, Canada
K1A 0H2
Some of the content on this site may be subject to the copyright of another party. This is particularly true of sites that are jointly operated by a Government of Canada institution and an external organization as part of a collaborative arrangement. In such cases, some restrictions on the reproduction of materials or graphical elements may apply, and it may be necessary to seek permission from the rights holder prior to reproducing the material. Where information has been produced or copyright is not held by Government of Canada, the materials are protected under the Copyright Act, and international agreements. Details concerning copyright ownership are indicated on the relevant page(s).
Trademark Notice
The official symbols of the Government of Canada, including the Canada Wordmark, the Arms of Canada, and the flag symbol may not be reproduced, whether for commercial or non-commercial purposes, without prior written authorization.
Our Commitment to Accessibility
The Government of Canada is is committed to achieving a high standard of accessibility as defined in the Standard on Web Accessibility and the Standard on Optimizing Websites and Applications for Mobile Devices. In the event of difficulty using our Web pages, applications or device-based mobile applications, please contact us for assistance or to obtain alternative formats such as regular print, Braille or another appropriate format.
Interacting With Us on Social Media
This notice has been written to
explain how OSFI interacts
with the public on social media platforms.
Content and
Frequency
We use our social media accounts
as an alternative method of sharing the content posted on our website and
interacting with our stakeholders. By following our social media accounts (by
“following,” “liking” or “subscribing”), you can expect to see information
about the programs and services we provide.
We understand that the Web is a
24/7 medium, and your comments are welcome at any time. You should expect to
see new content posted
Monday to Friday from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
EST/EDT. Comments
submitted after hours or on weekends will be read and responded to as soon as
possible.
Because the servers of social
media platforms are managed by a third party, our social media accounts are
subject to downtime that may be out of our control. As such, we accept no
responsibility for platforms becoming unresponsive or unavailable.
Links
to Other Websites and Ads
Our social media accounts may
post or display links or ads for websites that are not under our control. These
links are provided solely for the convenience of users. The Government of
Canada is not responsible for the information found through these links or ads,
nor does it endorse the sites or their content.
Following,
“Favouriting” and Subscribing
Our decision to “follow,”
“favourite” or “subscribe” to another social media account does not imply an
endorsement of that account, channel, page or site, and neither does sharing
(re-tweeting, reposting or linking to) content from another user.
Comments
and Interaction
We will read comments and
participate in discussions when appropriate. We ask that your comments be
relevant and respectful. We reserve the right to delete comments that violate
this notice, and the user may be blocked and reported to prevent further inappropriate
comments.
We cannot engage in issues of
party politics or answer questions that break the rules of this notice.
We reserve the right to edit or
remove comments that:
Contain personal information;
Are contrary to the principles of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms;
Express racist, hateful, sexist,
homophobic, slanderous, insulting or life-threatening messages;
Put forward serious, unproven or
inaccurate accusations against individuals or organizations;
Are aggressive, coarse, violent,
obscene or pornographic;
Are offensive, rude or abusive to an
individual or an organization;
Are not sent by the author or are put
forward for advertising purposes;
Encourage illegal activity;
Contain announcements from labour or
political organizations;
Are written in a language other than
English or French;
Are unintelligible or irrelevant;
Are repetitive or spam; and
Do not, in our opinion, add to the
normal flow of the discussion.
In short, please be respectful
and make sure that your comments are relevant to where they are posted. The
views of users commenting on our social media accounts do not necessarily
represent the views of OSFI or the Government of Canada.
Accessibility
of Social Media Platforms
Social media platforms are third-party
service providers and are not bound by Government of Canada standards for Web
accessibility.
If you have difficulty accessing
content on our social media accounts, please contact us and we will try to
solve the problem or provide you with the information in a different format.
Copyright
Information that we post is
subject to the Copyright Act.
Privacy
Our social media accounts are not
Government of Canada websites and represent only our presence on third-party
service providers.
For more information, please
refer to our Privacy Notice regarding third-party social media.
Official
Languages
Many social media platforms have
multiple language options and provide instructions on how to set your
preferences. The Government of Canada respects the Official Languages Act and is committed to ensuring that our
information is available in both French and English and that both versions
are equal quality.
We reply to comments in the
official language in which they are posted. If we think the response is a
question of general public interest, we may respond in both official languages.
We may share links that direct
users to sites of organizations or other entities that are not subject to the Official Languages Act and available only in the language(s) in
which they are written. When content is available in only one language, we make
an effort to provide similar content in the other official language.
Questions
and Media Requests
Reporters are asked to send
questions to information@osfi-bsif.gc.ca.
Modified Date:
2018-05-08