http://www.lloydflanders.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
our policy
Use of This Website
This website is for the sole purpose of providing information concerning Lloyd Flanders, Inc. You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell
any information obtained from this website. As a condition of your use of this website, you warrant that you will not use this website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms and conditions.
Copyright and Trademark Notices
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of this site's owner or its content suppliers and protected by United
States and international trademark and copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site (this "WebSite") is the exclusive property of this site's owner and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. Any use, including
the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display or performance of the content on this site is strictly prohibited. Lloyd Flanders, Inc., knows that you care about how your personal information is
protected and used. All the information you provide will be kept confidential. By visiting this website, you are accepting this entire Privacy Statement.
Personal Information
This is information such as your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card number, etc. This type of information may be provided as a part of the purchase process. It is used to process your purchase in a timely manner.
Please note that we do not permanently store your credit card information. It is only used when transmitted to the appropriate credit card company during order processing. Personal information such as height, weight, clothing sizes,
age, pain criteria, lifestyle information, etc., is collected only to determine the best sleep system for you. Lloyd Flanders, Inc., does not sell your personal information.
Non-personal Information
This is information such as your IP address, browser type, domain name, etc. This type of information is automatically collected and used comprehensively to help us improve this website.
Security
Lloyd Flanders, Inc., makes practical efforts to ensure that your information is secure. We will continually look at new security technologies and will utilize them as needed.
Cookie and Tracking Technology
This website may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to this
WebSite, and understanding how visitors use this WebSite. Cookies can also help customize this WebSite for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology. However, if you previously provided
personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential
fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this
site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. You should routinely monitor this Privacy Policy for periodic changes.
CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this email message and in any attachments hereto is confidential and is intended solely for the use of the intended recipients. If you are not an intended recipient, any use of this
message or attached files, including but not limited to, copying or disclosure of its content is prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply email and delete this message and
any attachments without making any copies thereof and without further disclosure or distribution.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability
This site is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. No representations or warranties of any kind are made, express or implied, as to the operation of this site or the information, content, materials, or products included on this
site. You expressly agree that your use of this site is at your sole risk.
To Top