http://www.texston.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Last updated: August 13, 2018
Texston is committed to maintaining the privacy of any personal information that you provide us when using this site, and any sites we may own and operate in the future (collectively, the “Site”). We respect the privacy of every individual who uses the Site and we will only process and use the data obtained through the Site for our own business purposes. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) outlines the information we collect and how we use that information.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The information we collect falls into two categories: (1) information supplied by visitors when they request information or subscribe to a service, and (2) non-personally identifiable information that is collected automatically as users navigate the Site.
PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
When you access and/or use this Site, Texston may obtain data concerning that access and use. When you visit the Site, we automatically log certain device information, including your web browser, internet protocol (IP) address, Internet Service Provider (ISP), timestamp, and pages you visited.
If you request information from us or register to use any limited access portions of the Site, you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information, including your name, e-mail address, professional data, credit card number or account number, billing address, and technical contact information. We may use your personally identifiable information to contact you (for example, we may send you marketing or promotional materials or other information, we may respond to your comments or requests for information, we may ask you for feedback on products and services or we may contact you if needed in the course of processing your requests). We may also use your personally identifiable information in accordance with any agreements that you may have entered into with us.
COOKIES AND TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
“Cookies” are small text files that are either used for the duration of a session (‘session cookies’), or saved on a user’s hard drive in order to identify that user the next time he/she logs on to the Site (‘persistent cookies’). We may use ‘session cookies’ to identify registered users logging in to the Site. These cookies are deleted from the component’s server soon after the session ends and are not collected or saved. We may also use ‘persistent cookies’ when a registered user clicks on the “save password” check box on login. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that, although if you do disable cookies from your browser you may not be able to access certain sections of the Site.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
Information is collected to help us:
Prevent fraud
Diagnose problems
Optimize our site through analytics using aggregated/de-identified data
Advertise to you
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do not share your Personal Information, except as required under applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to protect our rights.
CONTACTING US REGARDING YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
If you have submitted personally identifiable information through the Site, or if someone else has submitted your personally identifiable information, and you would like to review, request changes or have that information deleted from our databases, please contact us via e-mail at info@texston.com, or call our customer support phone number. We will then use reasonable efforts to change or remove your personally identifiable information from our files, unless we are entitled or required to retain it pursuant to other agreements or by law. We will use reasonable efforts to supply you with this information and correct any factual inaccuracies in this information.
NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
In some cases, we may collect information about you that is not personally identifiable. Examples of this type of information include but are not limited to the frequency of your use of this Site and the route by which you choose to access it and your use of any hyperlinks available on this Site. We may use this data to improve the quality of the site, and to understand site usage patterns.
SHARING OF INFORMATION
We do not share your Personal Information, except as required under applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to protect our rights, or as part of a change in control of the company.
CHILDREN
Our Site and our services are designed for businesses and are not directed at children. We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13 years of age, and use of our services by children under 13 years of age is forbidden.
CONTACT US
For more information on our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please email us at info@texston.com.
Create a new project
Go to Top