http://www.siammandalay.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Language
English
Down
Deutsch
English
français
Search
Account
Search
Cart
translation missing: en.general.icon_labels.cart
WOODEN PUZZLES
Toggle menu
ALL
MECHANICAL PUZZLES
TANGRAM PUZZLES
BURR PUZZLES
SLIDING PUZZLES
PUZZLE BOXES
SALE
TRADITIONAL GAMES
FABRIC FACE MASKS
PROMOTIONAL GIFTS
SOLUTIONS
BLOG
WHOLESALE
TRACK
REGISTER/LOGIN
FREE SAME-DAY WORLDWIDE SHIPPING & LIFETIME GUARANTEE
PRIVACY POLICY
RETARGETING
As you browse SiamMandalay, advertising cookies will be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in. Our display advertising partner, AdRoll, then enables us to present you with retargeting advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with SiamMandalay. The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address, or telephone number.  You can visit this page to opt out of AdRoll’s and their partners’ targeted advertising.
We may collect the following information:
Names
Contact information including email address
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.We may use the information to improve our products and services.We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposesif you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info(at)siammandalay.com.We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
COOKIES
To make this site work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. Most big websites do this too.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another.
How do we use cookies?
A number of our pages use cookies:
to remember your language preferences,
to remember if you have agreed (or not) to our use of cookies on this site,
to enable statistics tracking by Google Analytics, so we know how many page views we have, how many users we have, what browsers they are using and, in some cases, in which country, city or region they are located.
to identify you as a trusted visitor by Cloudflare, our content distribution network (CDN), which used to speed up your browsing experience by serving web content from a data center closer to your location.
Enabling these cookies is not strictly necessary for the website to work but it will provide you with a better browsing experience. You can delete or block these cookies, but if you do that some features of this site may not work as intended.
The cookie-related information is not used to identify you personally and the pattern data is fully under our control. These cookies are not used for any purpose other than those described here.
How to control cookies?
You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish – for details, see aboutcookies.org. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work. If you would like to find out more about your data or remove it, you can email shop(at)siammandalay.com
OUR BESTSELLING PUZZLES & GAMES
PYRAMID PUZZLE
SOMA CUBE
CUBO SERPIENTE (SERPENT CUBE)
CUBE PUZZLE
SUDOKU
OUR PUZZLE COLLECTIONS
BALL PUZZLES
BARREL PUZZLES
BRILLIANT PUZZLES
BURR PUZZLES
DEXTERITY PUZZLES
DISENTANGLEMENT PUZZLES
GAMES AND PUZZLES FOR ADULTS
KUMIKI PUZZLES
PEG PUZZLES
SLIDING BLOCK PUZZLES
STAR PUZZLES
TANGRAM PUZZLES
TILING PUZZLES
TOUR PUZZLES
OUR TOY COLLECTIONS
BRANCH PENCILS
WOODEN KIDS TOYS
WOODEN EDUCATIONAL TOYS
Newsletter
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR MAILING LIST.
Sign up
SEARCH
CUSTOMIZATION
ABOUT US
CONTACT US
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS & CONDITIONS
RETURN & SHIPPING POLICY
BECOME AN AFFILIATE
Language
English
Down
Deutsch
English
français
© 2020 SiamMandalay.