http://www.sae.edu/terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
Global
GLOBAL
Australia
Austria
Belgium
Canada
Colombia
France
Germany
Greece
Indonesia
Italia
Jordan
Mexico
Netherlands
New Zealand
Serbia
South Africa
Spain
Switzerland
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Language - en
enfrdees
Information forFind an Agent
GET SOCIAL
FOR ALL THE LATEST NEWS AND EVENTS INFO RELATED TO YOU.
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
1 Introduction
1.1 in these terms and conditions, the terms "we", "us" and "our" are a reference to sae b.V trading as sae institute (sae), the owner and operator of this web site (site). 1.2 these terms and conditions apply to the use of this site. In using this site, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions (agreement). If you do no accept this agreement, you should refrain from using the site. 1.3 we may modify this agreement from time to time and notice of revisions to this agreement will be posted here. Continued use of the service by you will constitute your acceptance of any changes or revisions to the agreement. 1.4 access to this site may be terminated at any time by us without notice. Our disclaimer will nevertheless survive any such termination.
2 Use and copyright
2.1 copyright in this site, which includes text, images, videos, animation and audio files is owned by us or our licensors (content). You may retrieve and display content from this site on a computer screen, print individual pages on paper and store such pages in electronic form on disk for your own non-commercial, personal use. Other than for such purposes and you may not, without our written permission, in any form or by any means: (a) adapt, reproduce, store, distribute, print, display, perform, publish or create derivative works from any part of this site; or (b) commercialise any information, products or services obtained from any part of this site; 2.2 we reserve all rights not expressly granted in and to the site and content. 2.3 you are responsible for your use of the site. And agree not to:   (a) use any obscene, indecent or offensive language;   (b) place on the site any material that is false, misleading, defamatory, abusive, harassing or hateful;   (c) place on the site any material that is encrypted, constitutes junk mail or unauthorised advertising, invades a person's privacy, encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offence or give rise to civil liability, or that otherwise violates any local, state, national or international law or regulation;   (d) use the site for unlawful purposes and you acknowledge that such unlawful use may result in civil and criminal liability. 2.4 we do not warrant that we review all media content which includes text, images, videos, animation and audio files before it appears on the site. We operate a 'notice and take-down' policy which means if we notice or are made aware of any content that contravenes this agreement, we reserve the right to remove the specified content. Any such complaint should be directed in writing to sae b.V, holland.
3 SAE graduate submissions
3.1 we permit the submission of videos or other communications submitted by sae graduates (graduate submissions) and the hosting, sharing, and/or publishing of such graduate submissions. Graduate submissions are made at your own risk and we do not guarantee confidentiality of any such material, even if unpublished on this site. You are solely responsible for your own graduate submissions and the consequences of posting or publishing them to this site. In connection with graduate submissions, you represent, and/or warrant:   (a) you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to use and authorize us to use the graduate submissions to enable inclusion and use of the graduate submissions in the manner contemplated by the site and this agreement; and   (b) you have the written consent, release, and/or permission of each and every identifiable individual person in the graduate submissions to use the name or likeness of each and every such identifiable individual person to enable inclusion and use of the graduate submissions in the manner contemplated by the site and these this agreement. 3.2 you retain all of your ownership rights in your graduate submissions. However, by submitting the graduate submissions to us, you grant to us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, license (able to be sublicensed and transferred by us) to use, reproduce, distribute, display, and perform the graduate submissions in connection with the site and our business. You also hereby grant each user of the site a non-exclusive license to access your graduate submissions through the site, and to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and perform such graduate submissions as permitted through the functionality of the site and under this agreement. 3.3 we do not warrant that we review every graduate submission before it appears on the site. We operate a 'notice and take-down' policy which means if we notice or are made aware of a graduate submission that contravenes this agreement, we reserve the right to remove the graduate submission. Any such complaint should be directed in writing to sae b.V, holland. 3.4 we encourage you to contact us if you feel a graduate submission violates the below detailed rules. 3.5 in connection with graduate submissions, you agree that you will not:   (a) submit material that is copyrighted, protected by trade secret or otherwise subject to third party proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the owner of such rights or have permission from their rightful owner to post the material and to grant us all of the license rights granted herein;   (b) publish misleading or inaccurate material or misrepresentations that could damage us or any third party;   (c) submit material that is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, libellous, threatening, pornographic, harassing, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability, violate any law, or is otherwise inappropriate;   (d) post advertisements or solicitations of business;   (e) impersonate another person.   (d) we does not endorse any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed in a graduate submission, and we expressly disclaim to the extent allowable in law to any and all liability in connection with graduate submissions.
4 Disclaimer
4.1 we do not accept responsibility for any loss or damage, however caused (including through negligence), which you may directly or indirectly suffer in connection with your use of this or any linked site, nor do we accept any responsibility for any such loss arising out of your use of or reliance on information contained on or accessed through this site or any linked site.
5 Exception to disclaimer
The disclaimers set out in this agreement do not attempt or purport to exclude liability in relation to any term implied by law which cannot be lawfully excluded.
6 Specific warnings
6.1 you must ensure that your access to this site is not illegal or prohibited by laws which apply to you. 6.2 you must take your own precautions to ensure that the process which you employ for accessing this site does not expose you to risk of viruses or other form of interference which may damage your own computer system. For the removal of doubt, we do not accept responsibility for any interference or damage to your own computer system which arises in connection with your accessing of this site or any linked site. 6.3 whilst we have no reason to believe that any information contained on this site is inaccurate, we do not warrant the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of such information, nor do we undertake to keep this site updated. We do not accept responsibility for loss suffered as a result of reliance by you upon the accuracy or currency of information contained on this site.
7 Trademarks
7.1 except where otherwise specified any word or device to which is attached the tm or ™symbol is a registered trade mark.   (a) if you use any of trade marks in reference to our activities, products or services, you must include a statement attributing that trade mark to us. You must not use any of our trade marks:   (b) in or as the whole or part of your own trade marks;   (c) in connection with activities, products or services which are not ours;   (d) in a manner which may be confusing, misleading or deceptive;   (e) in a manner that disparages us or our information, products or services (including this site).
8 Restricted use
8.1 unless we agree otherwise in writing, you are provided with access to this site only for your personal use. Without limiting the foregoing, you may not without our written permission on-sell or otherwise commercialise information obtained from this site.
9 Linked sites
9.1 this site may contain links to linked sites. Those links are provided for convenience only and may not remain current or be maintained. 9.2 we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices associated with linked sites. 9.3 our links to linked sites should not be construed as any endorsement, approval, recommendation, or preference by us of the owners or operators of those linked sites, or for any information, graphics, materials, products or services referred to on those linked sites. 9.4 unless stated otherwise on this site, we have:   (a) no relationship with the owners or operators of linked sites; and   (b) no control over or rights in linked sites.
10 Your privacy rights
10.1 the information that you provide about yourself to us will only be used by us in accordance with our privacy policy. The privacy policy does not apply to third party sites 10.2 in accordance with our privacy policy, we would only use or disclose personal information that you have provided to us or which we have obtained about you if:   (a) you have authorised us to do so;   (b) we have given you notification of the intended use or disclosure and you have not objected to that use or disclosure;   (c) we believe that the use or disclosure is reasonably necessary to assist a law enforcement agency or any agency responsible for national security in the performance of their functions; or   (d) we are authorised, required or permitted by law to disclose the information.
11 How we handle emails
11.1 we will preserve the content of any email you send us if we believe we have the legal requirement to do so. Your email message content may be monitored by us for trouble-shooting or maintenance purposes or if any form of email abuse is suspected.
12 Security of information
12.1 unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed as totally secure. Whilst we strive to protect such information, we do not warrant and cannot ensure the security of any information which you transmit to us. Accordingly, any information which you transmit to us is transmitted at your own risk. Nevertheless, once we receive your transmission, we will take reasonable steps to preserve the security of such information.
13 Governing law
13.1 this agreement is governed by the laws in force in the country of the netherlands and you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of its courts. For our exclusive benefit, we shall retain the right to bring proceedings as to the substance of the matter in the courts of the country of your residence.
GET SOCIAL
FOR ALL THE LATEST NEWS AND EVENTS INFO RELATED TO YOU.
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube