http://www.pedge.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
What Information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our website or place an order.
When ordering or registering on our website, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone numbers, and credit card information.
What do we use your information for?
We may use the information you provide us in any of the following ways:
To personalize your experience. Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve our website. We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service. Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions. Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other website feature.
To send periodic emails. The email address you provide for order processing will be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your account. We may also use it to send you information about our company, our products, and our website.
We may use your IP Address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Our website has industry standard security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. While there is no such thing as "perfect security" on the Internet, we will take all reasonable steps to insure the safety of your personal information.
After a transaction, your private information (such as credit card numbers) will not be kept on file.
Do we use cookies?
When you view our website we might store some information on your computer. This information will be in the form of a "cookie" or similar file. Cookies are small files that a website or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the website's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits, and compile aggregate data about website traffic and website interaction so that we can offer better website experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law.
Third party links
We do not include or offer third party products or services on our website. Therefore, we do not have third party links on our website.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act). We do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are 13 years of age or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our website, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
The Performance Edge, Inc.
Email: /support@pedge.com