http://www.lifesize.com/en/solutions/industry/legal
Video Conferencing for Lawyers: Video Depositions, Client Legal Meetings and More
Meet face to face with clients by implementing video conferencing with Lifesize.
Book a demo
Impress and inspire with 4K
Only Lifesize supports 4K video conference for the clearest, most impressive video and content sharing clarity. Enhance client service
Strengthen client relationships with more meaningful face to face communication at every interaction. Conduct video depositions
Document and record depositions with authentic emotion and inflection without costly videographers or scheduling conflicts. Deploy enterprise-grade security
All Lifesize video streams are securely encrypted by default to exceed privacy requirements.
Benefits of video conferencing for legal professionals
In the legal world, efficient collaboration can make or break a case. From communicating with colleagues, experts or witnesses to working with or preparing clients, effective interaction is crucial for success. Ultra-high quality video conferencing solutions from Lifesize let you present your absolute best self in every meeting, all without taking billable time out of your day to travel.
Book a demo
“The images were clearer and sharper than I could have ever imagined. I felt comfortable using this technology during trials because it truly simulated an in-person interaction.”
European Justice Department Representative
Read case study
"Now, our management group, support staff and attorneys can collaborate regardless of their location, with ease — limiting travel time and increasing meeting attendance by participants who did not previously have the time to spare."
Laurent Petit, IT Manager, Gevers Group
Read the case study
Accelerate communications
In the legal field, information must often be gathered quickly and carefully. Video depositions, which are recorded and used as evidence in trials, can be difficult to schedule when witnesses are out of state or out of the country. With Lifesize high quality video conferencing, interviews and testimonies can be given and recorded “in person” from anywhere over secure HD video and audio on any platform or device.
Reduce travel and improve client service
While attorneys strive to be available whenever their clients need them, this is not always easy, especially for an attorney whose clients are out of state or out of the country. Video conferencing from Lifesize helps you connect face to face anytime, anywhere — improving client service and value by reducing time and resources spent on unnecessary travel.
Simplify and strengthen team collaboration
Attorneys are more effective when they collaborate. But with the business emphasis on billable hours, many simply cannot take the time to relocate for an office meeting, business review or new policy training. A Lifesize video solution lets your team of attorneys meet, prepare documents together, train on new procedures or protocols and participate in executive briefings from the comfort and convenience of their own offices in real time — all without spending valuable time traveling. This is particularly valuable for large firms with multiple office locations.
Reliable and efficient training
For attorneys and their clients who must appear in court or in front of an arbitrator or mediator, preparation is paramount. With a Lifesize high quality video conferencing solution in place, you can make the preparation process smoother by recording and replaying practice testimonies and arguments over secure video in person or virtually.
Why integrate Lifesize video conferencing into your law firm?
Best-in-Class 4K Quality
The Lifesize Icon 700 is perfect for helping you present your absolute best self in every conversation. Don’t settle for anything less than amazing.
Support for BYOD and Browser-Based Calling
Download the Lifesize app for all of your devices or connect right from your web browser with the Lifesize web app. All you need is a webcam, internet access and the link to the meeting, and you’re ready to connect.
4K Global Network
With data centers in every major geography, our industry-leading global presence helps you connect with teams around the globe with 4K video and 4K full-motion content sharing quality.
Secure Communication
Lifesize uses best-of-breed data centers with independent third-party security and privacy certifications to ensure the most secure and reliable foundation possible for our customers.
Q&A with GEVERS
Case Study
European Justice Department Case Study
Case Study
4K Video Conferencing: How to Connect Virtual and Global Teams with 4K Video
Blog
The Ultimate Guide to Video Conferencing Technology
Guide
Tens of thousands of organizations around the world trust Lifesize
Get your team started on Lifesize today
Request demo
Meet now, it's free
This site uses cookies. To continue without changing your browser settings means you agree to the use of cookies. Find out more. Dismiss.
9.6.803.0 on SWA01