http://www.canariis.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy sets out how Canariis Corporation uses and protects any information you provide Canariis Corporation when you use this website.  Canariis Corporation is committed to ensuring that your privacy is secure and protected.   In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have electronic and managerial procedures in place to safeguard the information we collect online.  Any information you supply by which you could be identified when using this website will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy.  Canariis Corporation reserves the right to update this page occasionally.  The current policy is effective from January 1, 2011.
How we use cookies
To enhance your online experience we use cookies. Cookies are text files we place in your computer's browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering on our site. However, once you choose to furnish the site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
We use cookies to understand Internet usage and to improve our content and offerings. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our web pages (e.g., to recognize you by name when you return to our site) or save your password in password-protected areas.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. Doing this may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required to do so by law.
Feel free to contact us via email at info@canariis.com or call us at (813) 621-8643 should you have any questions or concerns.
Copyright 2020 Canariis Corporation
|
Web Design by Bayshore Solutions
|
Privacy Policy
Terms
Site Map