http://www.legalseafoods.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Last updated: March 26, 2010
TRADEMARK INFORMATION: Legal Sea Foods, LLC owns the trademarks Legal Sea Foods and its logos used within this website.
COPYRIGHT INFORMATION: Everything you see or read on this website is copyrighted and may not be used for anything other than personal and non-commercial use without the prior written permission of Legal Sea Foods, LLC.  The copyrights are owned by Legal Sea Foods, LLC.  Please note that if you modify or use the materials on this website for any purpose other than personal use, you will be violating the intellectual property rights of Legal Sea Foods, LLC.
All other intellectual property rights associated with this website are the sole and exclusive property of Legal Sea Foods, LLC. Legal Sea Foods, LLC does not grant you any rights in or to such intellectual property except as expressly provided herein.
Legal Sea Foods, LLC knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly.  This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting Legalseafoods.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Terms of Use and Privacy Notice.
As a part of our commitment to your privacy, Legal Sea Foods, LLC has agreed to (1) provide customers with notice of their ability to opt out of their personal information being rented, sold or exchanged with other marketers; (2) honor customers' requests not to share their information with other marketers; and (3) honor customers' requests not to receive mail, telephone or other solicitations from Legal Sea Foods, LLC.
What Personal Information About Customers Does Legal Sea Foods, LLC Gather?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at Legalseafoods.com.  Here are the types of information we gather:
- Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way.  You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features.  We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our stores, and communicating with you.
- Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us.  For example, like many websites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses Legalseafoods.com.
- E-mail Communications: To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Legalseafoods.com if your computer supports such capabilities. If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your Preferences.
- Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information.
What About Cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to store items in your Shopping Cart between visits.
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Does Legal Sea Foods, LLC Share the Information It Receives?
We use the personally identifiable information you provide for internal purposes, such as confirming and tracking your order, registration, analyzing trends and statistics, informing you of our new products, services and offers, and providing you with information from and about Legal Sea Foods, LLC. From time to time we might establish a business relationship with other persons or entities whom we believe trustworthy and whom we have asked to confirm that their privacy policies are consistent with ours.  In such cases we might share and cross-reference information, including personally identifiable information about you that will enable such persons or entities to contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you.
To serve you better, we may combine information you give us online, or through our catalogs.  We may also combine that information with publicly available information and information we receive from or cross-reference with others with whom we have established a business relationship.  We use that combined information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience with us, to communicate with you about our products and events that may be of interest to you, and for other promotional purposes.
Protection of Legal Sea Foods, LLC and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Legal Sea Foods, LLC, our users, or others.  This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.  Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
- We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
- We transmit your credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
- It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer.  Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
What Choices Do I Have?
- As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of features.
- When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
- If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your Preferences. (If you do not want to receive legal notices from us, such as this Privacy Notice, those notices will still govern your use of Legalseafoods.com, and it is your responsibility to review them for changes.)
- The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Children
Legalseafoods.com does not sell products for purchase by children. If you are under 18, you may use Legalseafoods.com only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit Legalseafoods.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice, including limitations of damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.  If you have any concern about privacy at Legal Sea Foods, LLC, please contact us and give us a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it.
Our business changes constantly and our Privacy Notice will change also.  We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our website frequently to see recent changes.  Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account.  We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
Information You Give Us
You provide most such information when you search, buy, participate in a contest or questionnaire, or communicate with customer service.  For example, you provide information when you search for a product; place an order through Legalseafoods.com or one of our third-party sellers; communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form.
Automatic Information
Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform; the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our website, including date and time; cookie number; products you viewed or searched for; and the phone number you used to call our 800 number.  During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
Information from Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties, which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily; account information, purchase or redemption information, and page-view information from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide technical, fulfillment, advertising, or other services; search term and search result information from some searches conducted through the Web search features offered by our subsidiary; search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links from Google).