https://www.decospan.com/en/legal/privacy/
Privacy policy
HomeLegalPrivacy policy
Privacy policy DECOSPAN23/05/2018DECOSPAN is committed to protecting your privacy. During your contact with DECOSPAN, you may share personal information with us so that we can identify you as an individual (such as your full name, email address, address and telephone number). These are your “personal data”.This Privacy Statement applies to the personal information we collect about you in order to provide you with our products and services. By using the Site or by disclosing your personal data to our services, you accept the practices described in this Privacy Statement.Processing of personal dataDECOSPAN collects, records and processes personal data of customers and users of our services. Data are provided by the persons themselves through a contact, the purchase of a product or through the compliance with a guarantee (this is a non-exhaustive enumeration).Other data are collected automatically through ‘cookies’ and other systems or applications for the collection of information. DECOSPAN uses technical, functional and analytical and tracking ‘cookies’. A cookie is a small text file that on the first visit to the website will be stored on your computer, tablet or smartphone. Our cookies are necessary for the technical functioning of the website and the user friendliness. They enable that the website functions properly and remember e.g. your preferred settings. They enable us to optimize the website. You can unsubscribe for cookies by installing your internet browser in such a way not to store more cookies. All previously stored information can also be deleted from the internet browser. (More information on Cookie policy)Personal data is always processed in accordance with the principles of privacy legislation and the General Data Protection Regulation. The personal data are processed in a lawful, proper and transparent manner for a specific and explicit purpose. The data processing shall be limited to what is necessary and the retention period of the personal data shall be limited to as long as necessary for the purposes of the processing. The personal data will be adequately protected by appropriate technical and organizational measures; DECOSPAN will process your personal data for the following purposes, among others:You can contact us if necessary to be able to perform our services;provide, maintain and improve these services.For the further execution of agreements;Informing you about changes to our services and products;Performing internal operationsTo comply with legal obligations;These data provided to us, explicitly or by automated means, will be stored and processed in the data base of DECOSPAN.DECOSPAN will only provide the personal data to processors or affiliated companies if this is necessary for the execution of our agreement with you or to comply with a legal obligation or if the legitimate interest of the company so requires and this is compatible with the purpose of the processing and this is done in a proportionate manner.With companies that process your data on our order, we conclude an agreement or have another binding legal action to guarantee the same level of security and confidentiality of your data.Rights of the data subjectIf you wish to consult, modify, correct, transfer, restrict or delete your data, you can send an e-mail free of charge, provided that you have proof of this by means of a copy of your identity card, to EMAIL. In this way and in the same way, you can also lodge an objection against the processing of personal data or when you wish to terminate the communication. The data shall be modified or deleted as far as possible and in accordance with technical possibilities. Your request will be processed as soon as possible and within a reasonable period of time. Your request will be met as far as possible unless this proves impossible due to the company’s interest or a legal obligation. If we become aware of a data leak that threatens to violate your rights and personal data protection and there is a high risk, the supervisory authority will be informed and informed as a data subject.DECOSPAN takes the protection of your data seriously and takes appropriate measures to prevent misuse, loss, unauthorized access, unwanted disclosure and unauthorized modification. If you have the impression that your data is not properly protected or there are indications of misuse, please contact us at GDPR@decospan.com.With regard to minorsOur website and/or service does not intend to collect information about visitors under 16 years of age. Unless they have permission from parents or guardian. However, we cannot check whether a visitor is over 16 years old. We, therefore, recommend that parents be involved in their children’s online activities in order to prevent the collection of data on children without parental consent. If you are convinced that we have collected personal data about a minor without our permission, please contact us via EMAIL, we will remove this information.Correctness of your dataYou guarantee that the information you provide is accurate and complete. The communication of incorrect data or data belonging to third parties may result in the user being temporarily or permanently denied any access, in whole or in part, to the products and services of DECOSPAN.Information on the website and liabilityBy using this website, you agree to comply with and accept the following terms of use. DECOSPAN owns the exclusive copyright and intellectual rights of this website, its design and its complete content. Use and copy of this website, or parts thereof, in any form whatsoever, is prohibited without the prior written consent of DECOSPAN.It is forbidden to store the information offered on and through this website without prior written consent (other than necessary for viewing the website), to reproduce, to modify, to make public, to distribute or send, to sell or otherwise transfer the website or to grant any rights to it to third parties. DECOSPAN accepts no liability for any damage that would be caused to anyone by proceeding with information found on this site. If you would like further information about certain matters, please contact the company. DECOSPAN is not responsible for the content on external websites that could be accessed via this site.General provisionsThis Privacy Statement may be amended from time to time. The amendments become effective automatically after publication.The processing of personal data within our website is subject to Belgian law. The Belgian authorities and its courts and tribunals are, to the exclusion of all other courts and tribunals, competent to hear disputes that may arise with regard to this website or its use or the processing of personal data. The supervisory authority in Belgium is currently the’ Privacy Commission’, which will be converted into the’ Belgian Data Protection Authority’. This body is responsible for complaints by individuals concerning the processing of personal data.If one of the preceding provisions is not valid with regard to the processing of personal data, it will be replaced by a provision that is as close as possible to the underlying purpose of the stated provision.DECOSPAN - This statement is available in other languages on request via info@decospan.com.- Cette déclaration est disponible sur demande dans d'autres langues via info@decospan.com.- Diese Erklärung ist in anderen Sprachen auf Anfrage über info@decospan.com erhältlich.
×
enenen
Experience more thanks to cookies
We try to provide you as a visitor to our site as pleasant an experience as possible. That is why we use cookies to improve your user experience and to make our online services function better. In addition, we use cookies to make the content of our websites more interesting for you. By anonymously mapping your surfing behavior, we can improve our websites where necessary and respond to the needs and preferences of you and other users. More info
Allow all cookies Settings The cookie consent applies to the Decospan websites and subsites of these brands: Decospan – Parky – Cabbani – Shinnoki – Querkus – Nordus – Look’Likes – Clicwood - Astrata
Experience more thanks to cookies - Settings
This website makes minimal use of functional and statistical cookies. Additionally, you can opt to receive certain ads and see relevant content on social media. By choosing 'accept all cookies' you agree to the use of our cookies. If you do not wish to accept all cookies, you can set your preferences using the corresponding check boxes at the bottom. By continuing to use this site, you agree to the use of all cookies. For more information, see our privacy policy.
Functional & statistical cookies
Cookies that are necessary for the site to function minimally and collect anonymously, minimal information that allows our web team to assess and improve the content of our website (e.g. by Google Analytics, etc.).
Marketing cookies
Optimize advertisements based on your surfing behavior. Functional & static cookies.
Social media cookies
Ensuring optimal interaction with social media such as Youtube, Twitter, Facebook or Instagram.
Allow all cookies
Save my cookie settings