http://www.duracard.com/helpcenter/faq
topSkip to main article content
Help Center
Frequently Asked Plastic Card Questions
Help Center
Contact Us
FAQ
Why Choose Duracard
Our Company
Customer Testimonials
What Our Cards Are Made Of
3 Questions To Ask Your Card Printer
About Magnetic Stripes
About Barcodes
About Writable Surfaces
Glossary
Can I speak with a real person about my card needs?
Here at Duracard, we pride ourselves in the fact that when you call us we actually answer the
phone. A lot has changed with the way some companies do business today.
Automated assistants, outsourcing, and off shore customer service is an annoying fact of life for many. Duracard
is an American company located in beautiful Savage, Maryland that actually
manufactures products made right here in the USA. We believe we are really in the customer
service business. We just happen to
produce great plastic card products to serve our customers and actually enjoy doing it. Give us a call at 800-318-3500
and we'll prove it to you.
Do your cards have a
standard size?
Yes, it's called CR80 size which is 3 3/8” x 2 1/8” with a 1/8" diameter
rounded corners just like a credit card. We also offer many
other special
shapes and sizes like key tags, combo cards, hanging cards, postcards and
more. You'll find details about these
under the "Products" tab.
How thick are your cards?
We offer 30 mil (0.030 in.) and 20 mil (0.020 in.) as standard thicknesses for our products. 30 mil is the
normal thickness of a credit card and is typically used for gift cards because of
its higher perceived "feel" value. 20 mil cards are 2/3 the thickness and work
well for business cards and other products requiring a slightly thinner feel. Need
a custom thickness? Just give us a call at 800-318-3500 and we'll be happy to help.
Can cards be personalized?
Yes! We can personalize your cards as they are being produced with sequential numbering,
bar-coding, database numbering (PIN code, etc.), individual names and more. If you
require cards personalized on an as needed basis, we can create stock cards (everything
that will remain the same on your cards minus the personalization) and can hold
them here for future and personalize as you need them. Just give us a call at 800-318-3500
and we'll be glad to discuss this option with you.
Can I get samples of your products?
Absolutely! We are always happy to send samples of our products. In your sample kit
you'll find a variety of card products that we have produced as well as labeled
cards to show the thicknesses we offer and any current special offers too.
Order your sample kit here.
How do I place an order?
You can quote and place your order online using our handy online
shopping
cart
or you can call or send an email to our friendly staff who will be
more than happy to assist you.
To speak with one of our friendly customer service representatives, please call
800-318-3500 or send an email to customerservice@duracard.com.
We will be glad to answer any questions you have, provide pricing information, and
take your order. If your order requires special features that are not listed online,
just give us a call as we can help with that too.
I need custom IDs. How do I send the employee pictures?
We accept JPEG and TIFF format files. You may upload or email (art@duracard.com) a compressed file containing
the images or mail us a CD with the files. Please use last name and first name as
the file name. An example would be jones_charles.jpg. When taking pictures for ID
cards, a light blue background works well as it absorbs the flash and doesn’t reflect
off your subject. Please center head and shoulders and try to stay no more than
3 to 5 feet away, the closer the better. All pictures must be at least 300 dpi in
resolution to ensure that they will print out clearly. Supplied images must also
all be of consistent size and proportioned exactly as they will appear on the card.
Questions, just give us a call and we'll be happy to help.
How long will my order take?
Our standard production time for most orders is 3 to 7 business days (Monday thru
Friday excluding holidays) after we receive the final proof approval and payment
for the order. Products that are available online using our shopping cart may also
have the option of same day rush service (with final proof approval and payment
before 10:30 am eastern), next day rush, second day rush service and three day rush
service. Depending on the specifications and details of some custom orders, production
time may take from to 10-14 business days after receipt of the final proof approval
and payment. Please call us to inquire as to the production time for custom orders
requiring quantities and features not available online.
Our standard shipping method is United Parcel Service (UPS). We offer UPS ground
and express services through our website shopping cart. USPS and FedEx services
may also be available by calling us at 800-318-3500.
Can you help me with a custom design if I only have an idea of what I would like
my cards to say and what colors I would like to use?
Sure! Just give us a call at 800-318-3500 and we’ll be happy to go over your requirements,
wishes and vision with you. Our design team will then go to work and email your
custom design proofs within 48 hours.
Can we design our own cards?
Yes you can! All of our products have design templates that are easily downloaded
and include simple layout instructions. Just visit our templates and downloads page
to get started and give us a call if we can help in any way.
Where do I upload or e-mail our artwork or image files?
Art files can be quite large, so please supply them to us in a compressed zip folder
(like WinZip). You can upload your art files here or e-mail artwork
to us at art@duracard.com. Another option
is to use a free file transfer service like YouSendIt.com.
Please be sure to name your files using the company name and include your original
Order Number. An example would be ProntoDesign_12345.zip. You’ll find your Order
Number by logging into your account or in the confirmation e-mail
we sent you after you have placed your order.
How do I know your cards will work for with my Point of Sale (POS) or lock system?
Please visit our “About Barcodes” and/or “
About Magnetic
Stripes
” pages to learn what information you should obtain from your Point
of Sale (POS) or lock system provider. After we get this information from you, we’ll
be glad to produce and provide working samples for you to test to ensure compatibility.
What if I need less than the minimum 250 cards?
Depending on the specs for your order, we may be able to do less than the minimum
250. Please call one of our friendly customer service representatives at 800-318-3500
to discuss the needs of your small run order.
What if I need is a custom shape or size card product?
Just give us the specifics for your custom shape and what features you will need.
We'll be glad to work with you to produce a custom shape and/or sized card to meet
your needs.
Are your products recyclable?
Teslin® is recyclable and is the substrate of choice always used in our card products
for beautiful quality, fastest delivery and environmental responsibility. Learn more about Teslin
Contact Us
Call800-318-3500
E-mailcustomerservice@duracard.com
Live Chat9am - 5pm EST