https://www.policeoracle.com/terms.html
Home
News
Analysis
Promotion
Legal
CPD
Technology
Jobs
Forums
Search
Logged Out
Interested in advertising on Police Oracle? Click here for more information
« Go Back
Terms and Conditions
1.Terms used in this agreement
a)The term "we" and "us" refers to Red Snapper Media Ltd the parent company of Police Oracle.
b)The term "site" refers to www.policeoracle.com and its related services.
c)The term "material" means material including, without limitation, text, video, graphics and
sound material, published on the site, whether copyright opf Police Oracle or a third party.
d)The term "content" refers to anything added to the site by you or other users of the site.
e)By using the site you agree to be bound to this agreement. If you do not agree with all of the
following terms of use, please do not access, use or contribute to the site.
2.Registration
Some parts of the site are restricted to registered users;
a)Articles ( unlimited access only available to paid subscribers )
b)Job postings
c)Email newsletters and news briefs
If you choose to register, you will be given an account on the basis that
a)a) your email address and password are personal and only to be used by yourself
b)you will not maliciously create additional accounts for the purpose of abusing the site or
other members
c)you will not attempt to pass yourself off as another member of the site or person of the
public apart from yourself
d)you will not leave or upload abusive, illegal or offensive images or comments on any part of
the site, including but not exclusive to forums, comments and user names
e)you will respect the rights of any copyright holders and if you contribute content to the site
that in anyway infringes others' copyrights, other intellectual property rights, or privacy
rights, you will be in breach of this agreement
f)you will not advertise or promote on the site
g)you will adhere to all the site Terms and Conditions and the House Rules (www.policeoracle.com/house_rules.html) of
the site
h)If for any reason, we believe that you have not complied with these requirements, we may,
at our discretion and without notice, cancel your access to the site
i)You have the option to edit your account to show your name or be anonymous when
contributing to the site. The site is available to the public and it is your responsibility to
control what information is publicly accessible
3.Subscriptions
Some services on the site require the user to purchase a paid subscription;
a)Police Oracle unlimited article access
Police Oracle Subscription
A subscription entitles you to unlimited access to articles published on the site.
A subscription is for a single user only (the owner of the account identified by their email address)
and not for use by multiple persons. Any misuse of the account would be considered a breach of this
agreement and we reserve the right to terminate the account. Please contact subscriptions for
information on purchasing subscriptions for multiple accounts (enquiries@policeoracle.com)
Subscriptions are available on both three monthly and annually
Subscriptions are charged at a standard rate or at a discounted rate for serving UK police
officers and staff verified by the submission of a valid ‘.police' email address which has
been successfully verified by the site.
Promotional subscription offers at discounted prices may be offered occasionally to new
subscribers. These promotional prices only last for the initial billing period and future
billing will revert to standard pricing at renewal.
The subscription transaction commits to minimum period of three months or one year
depending on the subscription period selected. You are also agreeing to automatic recurring
payments at each renewal date until the subscription is cancelled.
Payment is via credit or debit card via Sagepay Secure payment or via PayPal. The card will
be billed in advance automatically at each three month or annual renewal date.
Police Oracle Cancellation
A subscription renewal may be cancelled at anytime prior to the renewal date. You will
continue to have access to the site for the remainder of the period already paid for up to
the renewal date
Your online account will still be active following cancellation but will revert to the limited
access of a free registered user on the site.
Payment via credit or debit card through PayPal and automatically billed annually in
advance on the renewal date
Recurring billing
By entering into a subscription agreement you agree that any subscription consists of an initial
period, for which there is a one time charge, followed by recurring periodic charges depending on
subscription period selected.
Note that any promotional subscription offer price for the initial subscription period will revert to
the standard subscription price for recurring billing at each renewal date.
All recurring charges shall remain active and your account will continue to be billed according to
your subscription choice until you cancel your subscription.
In cases where you payment card is due to expire prior to your next subscription payment date, we
will take the payment immediately prior to the card's expiry in order to allow your subscription to
continue without interruption. Similarly, to avoid disruption to your subscription, payments may
be initiated up to 48 hours prior to the due date to allow for bank processing. All subscriptions are
periodically calculated by calendar date.
You agree that by having a paid subscription Police Oracle will continue to bill you until you cancel
your subscription. Having a subscription means that Police Oracle may submit periodic charges
without further authorisation from you. Attempts to send any overdue payments will continue until
the sufficient funds are available. Police Oracle reserves the right to suspend a subscription whilst
investigating the validity of a payment card.
We reserve the right to change the price of a subscription at any time but will give reasonable
notice prior to renewal by posting a link to the amended prices within these terms and conditions.
By using PoliceOracle.com you agree to review the terms and conditions periodically and make
yourself aware of such changes.
Term and Termination
By commencing a subscription, you are electing to commence the service of the website with
immediate effect. This waives any right, from any law, to make use of a capability known as 'the
cooling off' period, which allows you a period of time to postpone the commencement of the
service. You may change or cancel your authority for Red Snapper Media Ltd to continue with recurring
billing at anytime, by calling the subscription helpline on 020 3119 3361, Monday-Friday between
09:00 - 17:00. This excludes public/bank holidays - if you wish to cancel your subscription during
this period please ensure you call the office during the above hours before this holiday period
begins. No pro-rata refunds will be issued to you if you should choose to cancel your subscription
but full membership benefits will still be available until your current subscription expires. Giving
notice of your cancellation will not affect charges submitted before Red Snapper Media Ltd could
reasonably act to cancel your subscription.
Cancellation of a subscription will cancel future payments not payments that have already been
processed. The cancellation process must be undertaken at least 48 hours prior to the next
subscription due date as subscription payments are initiated at this point to allow for the banking
process and so would be non refundable once this process has been initiated. Your full subscription
access will remain active until the end of the current paid period. Red Snapper Media Ltd reserves the
right to immediately suspend or terminate your access to the service, without notice and without
refund upon any breach of this Agreement by you, which may be brought to our attention.
If your subscription is up for renewal and we are unable to charge your credit/debit card or
paypal account for any reason, we may discontinue your subscription temporarily until we receive
your next subscription payment. We reserve the right to continue to make attempts to bill you,
as per the 'recurring billing' section of these terms and conditions (above) until you cancel your
subscription with Red Snapper Media Ltd using the correct cancellation procedure.
Privacy of financial information
Police Oracle will not share your financial information with third-parties, except as necessary to
process your payment. By providing your credit card details to us, you consent to and authorise
us to provide your credit card details to such credit card processors and financial institutions as
are necessary to process your payment and to store your card details to facilitate your future
payments.
4.Terms of use
This section outlines the terms of use on which you may make use of our website
www.policeoracle.com ("site"), whether as a guest, a registered user or as a subscriber.
Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use the site. By using our site, you
accept these terms of use and you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these terms of
use, you must not use the site.
Information about us
www.policeoracle.com is operated by Red Snapper Media Ltd which also publishes and operates other websites in the police, security and military markets. We are a
private limited company registered in the UK under company number 7297830 and our registered office is
at Octavia House, 50 Banner Street, London, EC1Y 8ST.
Any views or opinions expressed on this site do not necessarily represent the views or opinions of
Red Snapper Media Ltd or it's affiliates.
Accessing our site
Access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or
amend the service we provide on our site without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason if
our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of our site, or our entire site, to users
who have registered and/or subscribed with us. If you choose, or you are provided with, a user
identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures,
you must treat such information as confidential and you must not disclose it to any third party.
We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or
allocated by us, at any time, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions
of these terms of use.
When using our site, you must comply with the provisions of our House Rules www.policeoracle.com/house_rules.html
Intellectual property rights
We are the owner (or the licensee) of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material
published on it. The site and all material on it are protected by copyright laws and treaties around
the world. All rights are reserved.
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your
personal reference. You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have
printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video
or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text. Our status (and that of
any identified contributors) as the authors of material on our site must always be acknowledged.
You must not use any part of the materials on our site for commercial purposes and other than the
copy for your personal reference, no part of this site may be reproduced or transmitted, in any
form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, or be stored
in any retrieval system of any nature, without prior written permission from us.
If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to
use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the
materials you have made.
Reliance on information posted
Commentary and other materials posted on our site are not intended to amount to advice on which
reliance should be placed and users of this site are solely responsible for the commentary and
material they submit to us. We disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance
placed on such materials by any visitor to our site, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its
contents.
Our site changes regularly
We aim to update our site regularly, and may change the content at any time. If the need arises,
we may suspend access to our site, or close it indefinitely. Any of the material on our site may be
out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
Our liability
Whilst every effort has been made to ensure the quality and accuracy of the information provided
by us, the material and information displayed on our site is provided without any guarantees,
conditions or warranties as to its accuracy or completeness. To the extent permitted by law, we
(including other members of our group of companies) and third parties connected to us hereby
expressly exclude:-
All conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common
law or the law of equity.
Any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user in
connection with our site or in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of
our site, any websites linked to it and any materials posted on it, including, without limitation
any liability for loss of income or revenue; loss of business; loss of profits or contracts; loss of
anticipated savings; loss of data; loss of goodwill; wasted management or office time; and for
any other loss or damage of any kind, however arising and whether caused by tort (including
negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable, provided that this condition shall
not prevent claims for loss of or damage to your tangible property or any other claims for direct
financial loss that are not excluded by any of the categories set out above.
This does not affect our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our
liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, nor any
other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Advertisers are solely responsible for the content of the advertising material which they submit
to us and for ensuring that the material complies with applicable laws. Red Snapper Media Ltd and
its affiliates are not responsible for any error, omission or inaccuracy in any advertisement and
will not be liable for any damages arising from any use of products or services or any actions or
omissions taken in reliance on information or any statement contained in advertising material.
Inclusion of any advertisement is not intended to endorse any views expressed, nor products or
services offered, nor the organisations sponsoring the advertisement.
Information about you and your visits to our site
Transactions concluded through our site
Contracts for the sale of magazine or website subscriptions formed through our site or as a result of
visits made by you are governed by the relevant standard terms and conditions.
Uploading material to our site
Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload material to our site, or to make
contact with other users of our site, you must comply with the content standards set out in our
House Rules www.policeoracle.com/house_rules.html. You warrant that any such contribution does comply with those
standards, and you indemnify us for any breach of that warranty.
Any material you upload to our site will be considered non-confidential, and we have the right to
use, copy, distribute and disclose to third parties any such material for any purpose. We also have
the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any material posted or
uploaded by you to our site constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their
right to privacy.
We will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials
posted by you or any other user of our site. We have the right, for any reason and at our sole
discretion, to remove any material, posting or contribution you make on our site, in particular if, in
our opinion, such material does not comply with the content standards set out in our House Rules.
Viruses, hacking and other offences
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other
material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised
access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database
connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed
denial-of service attack.
By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act
1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-
operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach,
your right to use our site will cease immediately.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack,
viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment,
computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your
downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
Linking to our site
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not
damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to
suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
Our site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our site
other than the home page. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
If you wish to make any use of material on our site other than that set out above, please address
your request to enquiries@policeoracle.com
Links from our site
Where our site contains links to other websites and resources provided by third parties, these
links are provided for your information and reference purposes only. We do not approve, endorse
or have control over those third parties or third party websites or resources, and accept no
responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of these third party
websites. Inclusion of any third party details or website is not intended to reflect their importance,
nor is it intended to endorse any views expressed, products or services offered, nor the companies
or organisations in question. You access any third party websites solely at your own risk.
Please contact us at enquiries@policeoracle.com about links to websites you feel are inappropriate.
Jurisdiction and applicable law
The English courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit
to our site. These terms of use and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or
their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales.
Trademarks
Police Oracle is a registered trade mark of Red Snapper Media Ltd.
Variations
We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check
this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you.
Some of the provisions contained in these terms of use may also be superseded by provisions or
notices published elsewhere on our site.
Your concerns
If you have any concerns about material which appears on our site, please contact enquiries@policeoracle.com
Thank you for visiting our site.
Close this window
*** Include a contact email address if you want a response *** Please tell us about the problem you are having...
You will also be sending us basic usage details to help us fix this problem.See your usage details
Details about your sessionJavascript: not enabled.
Submit my Problem
Please tell us about your problem before you click submit.
Thank you for flagging this problem, we very much appreciate your time and helping us improve the site.
Police Oracle has had an update!
The home page and news section has been completely redesigned with new areas such as The Week in Review, which shows all the top news from the last seven days and the Features and Exclusives area showing all our in depth articles in one place.
If you have any issues with the new update (or have any suggestions), then please use the flag a problem button.
© 2000 - 2020
Cookie Notice
Privacy Notice
Individual Rights
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact
About
Terms
RSS
Other sites part of the Police Oracle Network: Police-Information.co.uk - How to join the Police - UKPoliceOnline.co.uk - Police Forum - PoliceSpecials.com - Become a Police Special
More information: By using this site and its services you are agreeing to the terms of use. Police Oracle is not responsible for the content of external sites. The comments expressed on this site are not always the views of Police Oracle (Part of the Redsnapper Group) and its staff. - Text News Archive - Site Map: Site map