https://www.spscommerce.com/about/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective March 30th 2020
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how SPS Commerce, Inc. (“Company”, “SPS”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) collects, uses, shares, processes, and deletes personal information supplied by you which may be used to identify you (“Personal Information”).Please read the Policy carefully. If you do not agree with any terms in this Policy, please discontinue your use of our websites. If you have any questions about our Policy, please contact us.
We may update this Policy from time to time. We encourage you to review this Policy frequently to stay informed regarding how we collect, use, share and process Personal Information. If you have questions about this Policy, would like to opt out of our marketing emails, or ask us to delete Personal Information you sent us, please contact us.
1. How do we receive and collect Personal Information?
You send us Personal Information when you:
Visit our websites that display or link to this Policy;
Visit our branded social media pages;
Communicate with us via emails, phone calls, texts, or faxes;
Create accounts on our platform to use our cloud-based products or services on behalf of one of SPS’s customers;
Register for or attend our events, webinars, or contests; or
Participate in our community and open source sponsored development.
Please note, this Policy does not apply to personal information which is included in information and data we translate and transmit on our customer’s behalf (such as an EDI Document) because that is not information we have received directly from you. We process our customer’s information and data on their behalf. Those customers are, in turn, responsible to you for protecting and securing personal information such customers collected from you. We operate as a service provider for our customers and are not responsible for and have no control over the privacy and data security practices of our customers.
If personal information has been submitted to us by or on behalf of our customer, and you wish to exercise any rights you have, please contact the applicable customer directly. If you make your request to us, we will refer your request to that customer because we may only access a customer’s data upon instruction from that customer. Please note, we do have data security and confidentiality processes and rules which govern how we treat and protect our customer’s data.
2. What types of Personal Information do we collect?
The Personal Information that we collect depends on the scope and context of your interactions with us and the choices you make, and may include:
Contact Information. We may collect first names, maiden names, last names, phone numbers, email addresses, and other similar information.
Online Identifiers. We may collect tools and protocols, such as IP (Internet Protocol) addresses, cookie identifiers, or others such as the ones used for analytics and marketing, and other similar data such as from social media profiles, including if you “like” or “follow” us, and passwords and security information used for authentication and account access.
3. How do we use Personal Information?
We use Personal Information for a variety of business purposes, including:
To operate our websites. Examples of activities we may engage in to operate our website include:
Operating and administering our websites to provide you with content you access and request (e.g., to download content from our websites);
Tracking use of our websites, investigating suspicious activity, and enforcing our terms and policies, to measure and improve the operation and security of our websites and Personal Information;
Managing your user account for the purpose of performing our services; and/or
Developing and improving our websites and products and services and providing prospects and users with more relevant content and service offerings.
To send you marketing, promotional, and administrative communications. We and/or our third-party marketing partners may use Personal Information to send you product, service, and new feature information, and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. You can opt-out of our marketing and promotional emails at any time by contacting us or clicking on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the email.
To request feedback. We may use Personal Information to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our website and products and services.
To respond to user inquiries/offer support to users. We may use Personal Information to respond to your inquiries and solve any potential issues you might have with the use of our website, products or services.
For other business purposes. We may use Personal information for other business purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our marketing and promotional offers and campaigns and to evaluate and improve our website or services, products, marketing and your experience.
4. When do we share Personal Information?
We share Personal Information when:
We have your consent to do so;
We are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process;
We are required to do so to keep our commitments to you or our customers; and/or
We do so to further our legitimate business interests and doing so does not violate applicable law.
5. What do we do to help keep Personal Information safe?
We have implemented technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of Personal Information. We take steps to help ensure only authorized users access Personal Information and protect the confidentiality and integrity of Personal Information.
In addition, our practice is to only use Personal Information for as long as it is needed for the purposes set out in this Policy. Afterword, our practice is to delete or anonymize the Personal Information, or otherwise securely store Personal Information until being deleted or anonymized.
However, no website, database or system is completely secure or “hacker proof.” You are also responsible for taking reasonable steps to protect your personal information against unauthorized disclosure or misuse.
6. What steps can you take to further limit our use of Personal Information?
There are several steps you can take to further limit how we use Personal Information, which include:
Accessing, changing, or correcting Personal Information through your Account. If you have not created an Account with us, you may request to be provided a copy of non-anonymized Personal Information, or correct or amend Personal Information, by contacting us.
Deleting, or withdrawing your consent for us to use, Personal Information by contacting us.
Opting out of receiving marketing and non-transactional communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located at the bottom of those communications, or by contacting us.
Setting your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies.
Please note, we try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month and will contact you if we need additional information from you in order to honor your request. Occasionally, it may take longer than one month to do so.
Also, as we stated above, we may also process personal information after receiving it from one of our customers. If personal information has been sent to us by or on behalf of a SPS customer, and you wish to exercise any rights you may have under the law, please contact that customer directly. Because we may only access personal information we receive from a customer with their consent, if you do make your request directly to us, we will refer you to the applicable customer and will support them as needed.
7. Cross-Border Transfers of Personal Information
Our systems are located in the United States and we may also locate systems in other locations we operate. If you are located anywhere outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect, including Personal Information, may be transferred to, processed in, and stored in the United States. By accessing our website or providing us with Personal Information, you consent to the transfer, processing, and storage of Personal Information in the United States.
If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that data protection laws in the United States may differ from those of the country in which you are located, and your Personal Information can be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in the United States in accordance with and subject to the laws of the United States.
8. What else do I need to know?
Our websites, products, and services are not directed at children. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If you believe your child has provided us with Personal Information without your consent, please contact us.
If you have any questions related to this Policy, please contact us.
Contact Sales
Oops… Something’s not right
Looks like you missed clicking on the Google reCAPTCHA, no problem! All you need to do is close this pop-up and click the box next to I’m not a robot.
Makes Sense!
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Changes