http://www.clasinfo.com/index.php/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home
| Privacy Policy
Effective June 24, 2014
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect and demonstrate our commitment to the protection of your privacy we have prepared this policy explaining our online information gathering, usage, storage and disclosure practices (the “Privacy Policy”). This Privacy Policy covers personally identifiable data collected from and about you – individuals who are customers and prospective customers of CLAS Information Services (“CLAS”). “Personally identifiable data” means any data about an identified or identifiable individual that is recorded in any form. This Privacy Policy will provide you with an understanding into what personally identifiable data of yours is collected, how and when we might use your personally identifiable data, how we protect your personally identifiable data and who has access to your personally identifiable data. This Privacy Policy applies only to the personally identifiable data collected by CLAS from the users of its website, www.clasinfo.com (the “Website”). It does not apply to personally identifiable data collected by CLAS in any other way, including offline. To make this Privacy Policy easy to locate, we have made it available on our home page and on each page where your personally identifiable data may be requested.
Our Website and html e-mail may contain links to third party websites, which may or may not be operated in conjunction with our Website. We do not monitor or control the personally identifiable data collected when you choose to “click through” links to these websites. The treatment of personally identifiable data by the operators of the third party websites may be different than ours. For details regarding their treatment of personally identifiable data about you, you will need to read their privacy policies or contact them directly.
Personally Identifiable Data We Collect and How We Use It
Our Website is not designed to automatically collect personally identifiable data from each visitor. In a few areas on our Website, we ask you to provide personally identifiable data that will enable us to enhance your site visit, assist you with customer service or technical support issues, follow up with you after your visit, or otherwise support your customer relationship with CLAS.
In each of the instances above, we typically ask for your name, company name, postal or e-mail address, phone number, as well as other similar personally identifiable data. On occasion, we may ask for additional information to enable us to provide you with access to and use of certain information, materials and services. In the case of newsletters or mailing lists, you will be able to “unsubscribe” to these mailings at any time by e-mailing us at connect@clasinfo.com.
The personally identifiable data you provide to us when using our Website, such as your name, postal or e-mail address or telephone number will be kept confidential and used to support your customer relationship with CLAS, and to notify you of special offers, updated information and new products and services from CLAS. CLAS does not share information with any unaffiliated third parties for marketing purposes unless you expressly ask us to.
How We Protect Your Personally Identifiable Data
We maintain reasonable physical and procedural safeguards to protect personally identifiable data about you from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. We restrict access to personally identifiable data about you to those employees we determine need to know that information for us. You should, however, be aware that there is no method of transmitting or storing data of any kind that is completely secure. Although their physical characteristics are different, postal mail, telephone calls, faxes and transmissions over the Internet all present possibilities of loss, misrouting, interception and misuse of the data being transmitted.
When we decide what data to seek from or communicate with you, or how to seek or communicate it, we try to strike a reasonable balance between the security of your data and your convenience. We do this because we believe our customers attach value to both. As a result, we sometimes use a method of communication that is less secure than some of its less convenient alternatives. An important example of this occurs in the case of e-mail. When we send e-mail to you, we send it in an unencrypted form. We do this because we believe that many of our customers do not currently have the capacity to receive encrypted e-mail. As a consequence, though, if our unencrypted e-mail is intended for you were misrouted or intercepted, it could be read more easily than encrypted e-mail.
Who Has Access to Your Personally Identifiable Data?
Initial Uses.
We ask you to provide personally identifiable data so that we may enhance your site visit, assist you with customer service or technical support issues, follow up with you after your visit, notify you of special offers, provide you with updated information and new products and services from CLAS, or otherwise support your customer relationship with CLAS.
Protective Uses.
We may use and disclose personally identifiable data about you as we reasonably believe is necessary to protect our business; to comply with applicable law; to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of you or others; and to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
Disclosure in Corporate Acquisitions and Sales.
As we develop our business, we may acquire or sell assets, including ownership interest in our company and companies may acquire financial interests in us. In those transactions, personally identifiable data about you may be among the transferred business assets. We may disclose personally identifiable data about you to any company in connection with a proposed or actual sale, merger, transfer or exchange of all or a portion of our business, but only if that company agrees to use the date prior to any acquisition solely for the purpose of making its acquisition decision and to observe the relevant provisions of our Privacy Policy with respect to the personally identifiable data. You are required to inform us that you do not consent to such sale or distribution by e-mailing us at connect@clasinfo.com and telling us you do not so consent. In the event that personally identifiable data is transferred to a company acquiring assets from us, we will require that the company to agree to observe the relevant portions of our Privacy Policy with respect to personally identifiable data about you (including any choices you have made under our Privacy Policy to limit the use of your personally identifiable data).
Disclosure to Agents.
We may disclose personally identifiable data about you to any individual or company that we retain to assist us in the conduct of our business, but only if that individual or company agrees to use the personally identifiable data about you solely for the purposes of performing the tasks on behalf of, and under the instruction of, us and to observe the relevant provisions of our Privacy Policy with respect to the personally identifiable data.
Privacy Policy Changes
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time as the need arises to accurately reflect how we gather and manage our customers’ personally identifiable data. All changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon posting on the Website. We will not directly notify our customers when we make changes to the Privacy Policy. Any and all changes will become effective at the time the revised statement is posted to the Website.
How to Contact Us
If you would like to contact us for any reason regarding our privacy practices, please email us at connect@clasinfo.com.
X
WordPress Appliance - Powered by TurnKey Linux