http://www.instituteofhospitality.org/terms-use-website/
Skip to content
Terms of Use for Website
Home>Terms of Use for Website
Terms of Use for Website
Alex Whitelaw
2020-03-09T14:55:40+00:00
User Agreement and Privacy Policy
Terms of use for the Website
Terms and Conditions for Membership
Terms and Conditions for Online Purchase
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions for Events Bookings
© Copyright Institute of Hospitality 2020
Copyright © Notice
These pages are protected by copyright. Please contact us for permission to copy or reproduce the Institute of Hospitality material from the site.
No other part of the site may be copied, reproduced, published, modified, transmitted or broadcast without the prior permission of Institute of Hospitality.
Use of the Site
This website is provided by the Institute of Hospitality. Please read these conditions, legal notices and disclaimers carefully before using the site. Your use of the site constitutes your agreement to abide by these conditions, legal notices and disclaimers.
While the information provided on the site is to the best of our knowledge accurate and up to date, we do not accept responsibility for the accuracy of the information.
The Institute of Hospitality is not liable for any loss or damage to data or computer systems which result from use of this site.
Privacy Policy
The Institute of Hospitality is committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679) to support the proper banking of donations. We do not sell or rent your information to anyone. View our Privacy Policy
Non-Endorsement Policy
This site contains links to other sites, which Institute of Hospitality provides for the user’s information and convenience only. Institute of Hospitality does not control or monitor these other sites, nor does their inclusion mean that Institute of Hospitality recommends or endorses these sites, the organisations or companies that run the sites or anything contained within the sites. We reserve the right to withdraw any of these links at any time.
If you wish to link to the Institute of Hospitality site, you must link to the Homepage, and we request you inform us that you are doing so by contacting the Institute of Hospitality. You may not link to any other area of the site without prior written permission from The Institute of Hospitality. The Institute of Hospitality logo may not be used without prior consent. At our discretion, and at any time, we reserve the right to withdraw any permissions given to link to this site, and we are under no obligation to maintain current pages linked to a site.
Jobs Board
Upon entering your details in the subscribe box on the website to request jobs by email, you agree for third parties to send job notifications that are relevant to you. For example, you will receive email notifications that is a suitable match to your job title and location that you have initially requested or created. Please note, to opt-out of such service, you may unsubscribe by clicking on the unsubscribe link within the email content or changing your settings in your account.
X