http://www.franklinamerican.com/legal
Legal and Compliance
Notice
READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY.  BY ACCESSING THIS WEB SITE AND ANY PAGES ON THIS SITE YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ANY TERMS AND CONDITIONS LISTED.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT ACCESS THIS WEBSITE OR ANY PAGES ON THIS SITE.
Fair Lending
FAMC is committed to upholding the standards of Fair and Responsible Lending in all aspects of our business practices. FAMC serves all applicants without regard to age (as long as the borrower has the capacity to enter into a contract), color, race, religion, national origin, perceived or actual sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, familial status, marital status, or receipt of public assistance income.
Copyright and Trademarks
All content used on this site is strictly the property of Franklin American Mortgage Company.  Any use of text, graphics, logos, icons, software, or other related material that is not for the intent of obtaining a mortgage from or through Franklin American Mortgage Company is prohibited.
Links
This website may contain links to other websites operated by third parties. The linked websites may not be under our control or the control of our affiliates or subsidiaries and we are not responsible for their content. Such links do not imply our endorsement or guarantee of the products, information, or recommendations provided by any third party website. The third party website may have a privacy policy different from ours and may provide less security. We disclaim all liability with regard to your access to such linked websites. Links to other sites are provided as a service to users, and access to any other linked website is at your own discretion.
Privacy and Security
FAMC understands the importance of safeguarding your information and take extreme precautions to ensure the safety of your personal information.  Please see our Privacy Policy and our Security page for specific information.
Social Media Monitoring
FAMC currently has presence on social media to connect with and market to the public, FAMC customers, and potential customers of FAMC.  Your activity on third-party websites is governed by the security and privacy policies of each third-party website.  You should review the privacy policies of the third-party website before using it and ensure that you understand how this information may be used.  The information posted on or directed at FAMC through social media is generally available to the public.  To protect your privacy, do not include information that you want to keep private or any other sensitive personal information in your social media activity, comments or responses
Updates
We may update these legal and compliance notices and policies from time to time.  If we update these notices or policies, we will post the changes to our website.  Any changes will take effect as soon as they appear on the website.  Your continued use of the website after these changes take effect constitutes your consent to those changes. Please check these notices and policies regularly for any updates.