http://www.greif.com/about-greif/terms-of-sale
Toggle navigation
Products & Services
Rigid packaging
Steel Drums
Plastic Drums
Fibre Drums
Intermediate Bulk Containers
Jerrycans
Water Bottles
Paper packaging
Corrugated Specialty Products
Corrugated Sheets
Coated Recycled Paperboard
Containerboard
URB & Specialty Converting
Protective Packaging
Adhesives
Construction Products
Tubes & Cores
Flexible Products
Big Bags
Container Liners
Land Management
Packaging & Logistics
Reconditioning & Recycling
Packaging Closures
Markets Served
Global Locations
Sustainability
About Greif
Investors
Careers
About Greif
In industrial packaging, be the best performing customer service company in the world.
Toggle navigation
ABOUT GREIF MENU
GREIF AT A GLANCE
GREIF IN GLOBAL
THE GREIF WAY
VISION
EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP
HISTORY
NEWS
About Greif
Terms of Sale
Terms of Sale
Greif Packaging Terms and Conditions of Sale
Greif Inc Terms and Conditions of Sale
Greif Flexibles Terms of Sale
Delta Terms and Conditions of Sale
American Flange - Terms and Conditions of Sale
Soterra Terms and Conditions of Sale
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Terms of sale
Investors
Sitemap
Careers
eBiz
© Copyright 2020 Greif. All Rights Reserved.
×
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
"Do Not Sell" Rights
We do not sell California Consumer PI as defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act and until such time as we change our practices by updating our California privacy notice, we will treat personal information collected as subject to a "do not sell" request.
In addition, you have other rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act. Please see your California Privacy Rights notice on our website.
Greif is pleased to have operations all around the world. To see what is specifically available in your country and possibly in your language, please select from the list of countries below. To see what is available globally, select the global option.
Thanks for filling out our form! Our teams are working to get you answers, you can expect to hear from us in 24 hours. In the meantime, you can look over our product portfolio, our global footprint to see our product and facilities closest to you or browse our latest news. Have a great day!
Contact Us
PACKAGING SUCCESS TOGETHER
Greif Ethics Hotline
To report concerns about possible ethics or compliance violations on a confidential and anonymous basis please visit www.greif.ethicspoint.com or, in North America, you may place a toll-free call to 866-834-1825. Outside North America, where available, follow the directions at www.greif.ethicspoint.com under “Report a Message.”
Please select a country
Please select a product
First Name
Last Name
Email
Phone Number
Company
City
State
Message
The processing of your personal data is done in accordance with the Greif Website Privacy Notice
please check this box if you agree to Greif using your contact details to send you further information on products that are of interest to you