https://www.risco.it/en/cookies-policy/
Russian
Portuguese (Brazil)
Italian
French
Spanish
English
German
Home
Profile
Tradition and Modernity
Quality and Technology
Innovation and Research
Customer Orientation
Risco Worldwide and Service
Risco Team
Environment
Products
Vacuum fillers
Small sized industry
Medium scale industry
Large sized industryVacuum fillers for the large sized industry Risco offers eight models of new generation vacuum fillers designed to meet the production needs of large companies.
Total Vacuum FillersRisco offers five different models of special vacuum fillers, purposely designed for the production of Ham, whole muscle and Mortadella products. All Risco models utilise the total vacuum system to ensure efficient production of first-class quality products.
Ham products fillingRisco is offering two models of total vacuum fillers, designed and developed especially for processing premium quality ham and mould ham.
Sausage products fillingRisco is offering two models of total vacuum fillers for processing high quality salami, seasoned sausages and dry sausage products.
Mortadella products filling
Sausage SystemsThe new Risco frontal linking system for completely automated, high speed production of sausages and frankfurters in natural, cellulose or collagen casing. The Risco Frontal Linker System is available with automatic hanging unit and with cutting system.
Alginate sausage systemsRisco system for the production of sausages with vegetable coating, available with or without automatic depositing into tray
Minced Meat SystemsThe Risco Minced Meat Systems (Ground Beef systems) are suitable for producing beef, pork, chicken and turkey minced meat. With the Risco minced meat systems you have the possibility to portion and deposit the minced meat directly into trays, without any manual intervention of the operator. The systems are synchronized with sealing and thermoforming machines.
Forming SystemsThe Risco forming systems allow the production of burgers with round or oval shape or with special designs in an accurate and automatic way, to increase competitivity as required by new market trends. Risco forming systems are available with the conveyor belt and with automatic paper positioning.
Risco accessoriesRisco offers a range of accessories for its fillers in order to meet the different production requirements of the user. All the accessories are developed and produced respecting the criteria of Risco quality. Thanks to such applications, the final productivity increases, creating more profit and dramatic savings for the producer. Moreover the quality of the final product is increased as each application is specified according to the requirement of the product.
Grinders – FlakerRisco is offering a Flaker to cut frozen blocks of meat, butter, fat and other food products and three models of grinders for processing fresh meat. The automatic grinders are available with an output plate size from 130 to 200 mm diameter. Thanks to several knife & plate combinations, it is possible to obtain different types of ground meat products, depending on the user requirements.
Flaker
Grinders for fresh meatRisco offers three different models of grinders for processing fresh meat and other fresh food products (fats, cheese, vegetables). The Risco grinders TR series provide a clean cut of the product and a high productivity.
MixersRisco offers a large range of mixers for the food industry. Risco mixers are suitable for mixing products like meat, vegetables, cheeses, confectionery and others; they guarantee a complete, effective and gentle mix of the products in a very short time. The intersecting mixing paddle system, which preserves the product, maintains the original colour and quality is featured in the whole of Risco mixer range. Risco mixers can be supplied with a vertical loader for a better line automation.
Tying machinesRisco automatic tying machines bring together Risco’s vast experience in the meat tying process sausages and the lastest technology available. All Risco tying machines meet the requirement of small and medium meat industries, thanks to the technologically advanced automatic systems. Risco tying machines can accurately tie fresh sausages, mignons and chorizos, by means of the semi-mobile pincer system.
Applications
Product Type
Meat Clipped
Meat Linked
Meat Formed
Meat Ground
Meat whole muscle
Fish
Bakery
Cheese
Fruit and Vegetables
Pet Food
Processing Type
Extrusion
Portioning
Grinding
Forming
Depositing
Mixing
Services
Courtesy Service
Risco Monitoring Service
Risco Service
Spare Parts
Training Courses
TSS Total Support System
News
Exhibitions
News at Risco
Worldwide
Careers
+39 0445-385911 —
risco@risco.it
Cookies Policy
Cookies Policy
Site cookies and privacy
INFORMATION NOTICE ON THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA (pursuant to art. 13, European Regulation 2016/679)
The consultation of this website and the use of the services offered entail the processing of some information directly or indirectly referable to you and processed and used in accordance with the principles established by Regulation (EU) 2016/679 as explained in the “Privacy Policy” section.
TYPES OF DATA PROCESSED AND PURPOSE
Navigation data
The IT systems and software procedures used to operate this website acquire, during their normal operation, some personal data whose transmission is implicit in the use of Internet communication protocols. This information is not collected to be associated with identified data subjects, but by its very nature could, through processing and association with data held by third parties, allow users to be identified. This category of data includes the IP addresses or domain names of the computers used by users connecting to the site, the addresses in Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) notation of the requested resources, the time of the request, the method used to submit the request to the server, the size of the file obtained in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the response given by the server (success, error, etc.) and other parameters relating to the user’s operating system and computer environment. These data are used for the sole purpose of obtaining anonymous statistical information on the use of the site and to check its correct functioning and are deleted immediately after processing. The data could be used to ascertain responsibility in case of hypothetical computer crimes against the site: except for this possibility, the data on web contacts are not retained for more than seven days.
Data provided voluntarily by the user
This site contains e-mail addresses and other contact details, such as data collection form for information, user registration form, application form, etc. The use of such services (or the optional, explicit and voluntary sending of e-mails to the addresses indicated on this site) involves the subsequent acquisition of the address and personal data provided by the user, in order to reply and manage requests or to provide and maintain the described service. The data will be stored for the period necessary to provide the requested service, to which a further period is added to ensure protection or defence in court of rights or obligations that derive from or proven in the processing (for the duration of the limitation period).
COOKIES POLICY
Information notice on the use of cookies
The website Risco.it uses cookies and similar technologies to ensure the correct functioning of the procedures and to improve the experience of using online applications. This document provides detailed information on the use of cookies and similar technologies, how they are used by Risco Spa and how to manage them.
Definitions
Cookies are short fragments of text (letters and/or numbers) that allow the web server to store information on the client (the browser) to be reused during the same visit to the site (session cookies) or later, even after days (persistent cookies). Cookies are stored, according to user preferences, by the individual browser on the specific device used (computer, tablet, smartphone).
Similar technologies, such as, for example, web beacons, transparent GIFs and all forms of local storage introduced with HTML5, can be used to gather information on user behaviour and on the use of the services.
The term “cookies” will be used throughout this document to refer to cookies and all similar technologies.
Types of cookies
Based on the characteristics and use of cookies we can distinguish different categories:
Technical cookies: These cookies are essential for the correct operation of the site Risco.it and are used to manage login and access to the reserved functions of the site. They do not record information about the user used to profile him/her but only to ensure a better navigation service. The duration of cookies is strictly limited to the work session (they are deleted once the browser is closed).
Profiling cookies. These are permanent cookies used to identify (anonymously or not) user preferences and improve the user’s browsing experience. The site Polini.com does not use cookies of this type.
Google Analytics
The site Risco.it also includes certain components transmitted by Google Analytics, a web traffic analysis service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). These are third-party cookies collected and managed anonymously to monitor and improve the performance of the host site (performance cookies).
Google Analytics uses “cookies” to collect and anonymously analyse information on the use of the Risco Spa website (including the user’s IP address). This information is collected by Google Analytics, which processes it in order to draw up reports for the Risco Spa operators regarding the activities on the websites themselves. This site does not use (and does not allow third parties to use) the Google analysis tool to monitor or collect personal identification information. Google does not associate the IP address with any other data held by Google nor does it attempt to link an IP address with the identity of a user. Google may also communicate this information to third parties where required by law or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf.
For more information, please refer to the link below:
https://www.google.it/policies/privacy/partners/
By installing the opt-out component provided by Google on your browser the user can choose to disable the action of Google Analytics. To disable the action of Google Analytics, please refer to the link below:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Cookies management
The user can decide whether or not to accept cookies using the settings of his/her browser.
The disabling of “third-party” cookies does not affect browsing in any way.
The setting can be defined specifically for different websites and web applications. In addition, the best browsers allow the user to define different settings for “proprietary” and “third-party” cookies
By way of example, in Firefox, through the menu Tools-> Options -> Privacy, you can access a control panel where you can establish whether or not to accept the different types of cookies and remove them.
Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=it
Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/it/kb/Gestione dei cookie
Internet Explorer: http://windows.microsoft.com/it-it/windows7/how-to-manage-cookies-in-internet-explorer-9
Opera: http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.00/it/cookies.html
Safari: http://support.apple.com/kb/HT1677?viewlocale=it_IT
OPTIONAL NATURE OF THE PROVISION
Apart from what has been specified for navigation data, the user is free to provide personal data, in particular the data shown in the request forms on the site. Failure to provide such data may make it impossible to obtain what has been requested.
METHOD OF PROCESSING
Personal data are processed with automated tools for the time strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which they were collected. Specific security measures are complied with to prevent data loss, illicit or incorrect use and unauthorised access.
PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS
We inform you of the existence of certain rights regarding the protection of personal data and on how to exercise them against the Data Controller. For a list of the rights and the related implementation methods, please refer to the “Privacy policy” section.
COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARKS
Texts, images and any other multimedia content on this site is owned by RISCO S.p.A. or licensed thereto, except for the possibility of using the contents provided for by the regulations in force on the matter (articles 70 et seq. of Italian Law 633/41, Fair use, the principle of open by default, etc.)
All distinguishing marks used within the site belong to their respective owners or licensees.
Search
Search for:
Contact us for more info
RISCO S.p.A.
Telefono +39 0445-385911
Fax +39 0445-385900
Emailrisco@risco.it
IndirizzoVia della Statistica, 2 – PO Box 130 – 36016 Thiene (VI)
P.I./CF/Reg.Imp: 02162540245 – Rea 210805 Vicenza – Cap.Soc. Euro 1.548.000,00 i.v.