http://www.teribloom.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
www.teribloom.com respects your privacy and is committed to ensuring that it is protected. We do not trade, rent, or sell email addresses to any other parties, and never send unsolicited "Spam" E-mail's.
Postal Addresses
When voluntarily submitted by our visitors, this website collects personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc. The information you provide is used for customer service purposes, to contact you if requested, and for the delivery of photographs, correspondence, albums or other materials in order to better service your needs.
Email Addresses
Your email address is only collected when you voluntarily enter it into a form on this website that offers you the ability to receive periodic updates about Teri Bloom Photography. By signing up, you are indicating agreement to receive emails about new work, awards, discounts and promotions and other news. We will not sell, trade, loan or rent any personally identifiable information that we collect to third parties. This includes email addresses.
Telephone Numbers
We do not retain telephone numbers for purposes other than contacting individuals with a question or information regarding their job. We do not trade, rent, or sell telephone numbers to any other parties.
Aggregate Site Statistics
We collect, in aggregate form only, the domain names of visitors to our site, as well as statistics about our sales, traffic patterns, and related site information. These statistics include no personally identifying information, and are used for marketing, sales reporting, or to improve the design of the Web site and your overall experience on it.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Privacy Statement Updates
We may decide to make changes to our Privacy Policy. If we do this, we will post those changes here so that we can inform and update our customers on how we collect and use information.
Contact Us with Questions
If you have any questions or comments, please contact Teri Bloom.
All photographs and articles copyright © Teri Bloom 2020, all rights reserved.
Legal
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Credits
Contact
T: 212-475-2274
e: tb@teribloom.com
Home
Photographer Portfolios
Published Work
Event Portfolio
Portrait Portfolio
Corporate Portfolio
Wedding Portfolio
Bar Mitzvah Portfolio
Music Photography
School Photography
About Teri Bloom
News
Clients
Contact
Photography Blog