http://www.brotherhoodmutual.com/privacy-policy/
Covid-19 Pandemic resources to help keep your people safe.
Privacy Policy
Effective date: 9/7/2010. Latest Revision: 11/14/2019.
WEB VISITOR PRIVACY
Brotherhood Mutual Insurance Company (“Brotherhood Mutual”) will make reasonable efforts to maintain privacy with respect to information obtained from visitors. Access to information obtained from users will generally be restricted to Brotherhood Mutual employees and agents who have a legitimate business interest in such information, unless otherwise permitted or required by law.
What Information We Collect
We collect and keep information that is necessary for us to provide services under our contract of insurance with you and to provide other services you request from us. The three primary types of information we collect are Customer Information, Financial Information and Claimant Medical Information.
Customer Information includes identifying information such as your name, address, telephone number, and email address. It also includes information about your transactions with us, such as the type of insurance protection we provide to you and the amount of premiums you pay. For My Account policy transactions, your email address is collected for use as a unique user name.
Financial Information includes information covered by the Fair Credit Reporting Act and such information as your credit history and certain bank account information used for electronic premium payments.
Claimant Medical Information includes information about the treatment and medical history of individuals who make an injury-related claim under our policy.
We may obtain the Customer Information, Financial Information and/or Claimant Medical Information described above from:
your independent sales agent
processing your claims for benefits
your application and related forms
consumer reporting agencies
processing and recording your transactions
other communications by you and from other public sources
Personal Information does not include any information that is available to the public through governmental or private organizations, state or federal court systems, media outlets, or otherwise.
Marketing Email Communications
We use information about you to communicate with you about products, services, webinars, and events, and to provide educational communications such as risk management information, newsletters, and information we think will be of interest to you via email. You may opt out of this type of marketing communication by following the instructions at the bottom of those email communications. If you opt out of promotional or educational email communications, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as information about your account or policy with us.
How Your Information May Be Used
In addition to any lawful purpose, your information may be used for purposes that include, but are not limited to, the following:
To operate and improve the services available through us.
To communicate with you and respond to your inquiries.
To conduct research about your use of our products.
To help offer you other products, features, or services that may be of interest.
The processing of your name and contact information to provide you with information about our products, manage your registration for and attendance at our events and webinars, provide you with customer support or otherwise communicate with you.
Enhance your customer experience and improve our products and services.
Offer you insurance and payroll services products.
Develop and offer new products and services.
Information Shared with Business Partners
In the normal course of our business, we may disclose information we collect about you to companies or individuals that contract with us for strategic purposes or to perform service functions such as record keeping or computer related services. When we provide personal information to a strategic partner or service provider, it is our expectation that these providers will safeguard your information, will use the information only for the intended purpose, and will abide by applicable law.
Access to Information by Others
We may allow the following entities or individuals access to your confidential information for business reasons: i) affiliates or subsidiaries of Brotherhood Mutual; ii) our employees as well as employees of our alliance partners, affiliates, and subsidiaries; iii) independent sales agents; and iv) contractors and third party service providers. In addition to valid business reasons, we share your confidential information with these entities or individuals as permitted by law; to comply with legal or regulatory requirements; or for the purposes of offering ministry-focused products or services other than insurance products.
Financial and Medical Information
We will not disclose policyholder financial or medical information described above to anyone outside Brotherhood Mutual unless you have authorized us to do so, or as permitted or required by law. Examples of disclosures permitted by law include disclosure to organizations that provide claims administration, underwriting, investigation, or policyholder services for us or on our behalf.
Independent Sales Agents
Sales agents representing Brotherhood Mutual Insurance Company are independent, and your independent sales agent may gather and retain customer information, financial information, and/or medical information about you. The use and protection of that information by your independent sales agent is the responsibility of the agent, not the responsibility of Brotherhood Mutual Insurance Company. If you have questions about whether or how your independent sales agent uses or discloses such information, please contact your agent directly.
How We Secure Your Information
We are committed to keeping the personal information collected from our customers and prospects confidential and secure. We maintain security standards to protect your personal information, whether written, spoken, or electronic.
Information collected through the secure portion of our website is encrypted for your protection. We update and test our systems regularly to ensure the protection and integrity of information that we maintain.
Web Beacons and Cookies
When you visit one of Brotherhood Mutual’s websites, we gather non-personally identifiable information such as your computer’s internet address, the browser you are using and which web pages referred you to one of our websites. We collect this information so that we can analyze the use of our websites to improve our services and your experience.
This information is generally obtained by using “cookies.” Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer, but do not include any personally identifiable information about you. Cookies help us track your visits to our websites and learn more about how you are viewing and using our sites.
Your browser and various other services allow you to opt-out of or reject cookies. The help function on your browser can provide additional information on this process. Please note that if you choose to reject cookies some features of our websites may not work properly.
Audience
This website, online services and any products or services accessed at or through this website are intended for general adult audiences. Any parent or legal guardian may contact Brotherhood Mutual, if your child is accessing this site without your consent. Brotherhood Mutual will take reasonable steps to remove that user’s information from its records.
Separate Policies
The privacy policies of Brotherhood Mutual’s partnering companies and social media providers are separate from ours. Please refer to the websites of these businesses to review their specific privacy policies.
What You Can Expect from Us Regarding Privacy
We recognize and respect the privacy concerns of our customers. We are committed to safeguarding your personal information. As a member of the financial services industry, we are posting this privacy notice for informational purposes and will update and post subsequent notices as changes are made or as required by law.
Request A Quote
Thank you for your interest in Brotherhood Mutual. We appreciate the opportunity to provide your church or other ministry with an insurance quote and will reply to your request as soon as possible.
2020 Brotherhood Mutual
Submit Your Question
Text to follow...
2020 Brotherhood Mutual