https://www.statefarm.com/customer-care/privacy-security/privacy/about-our-ads
We value your privacy. We may collect personal information from you for business, marketing, and commercial purposes.
Read more
X
We value your privacy. We may collect personal information from you such as identifying information (name, address, driver's license number), transactional information (products or services purchased and payment history), digital network activity (interactions with our website, IP address), geo-location data, audio recordings and other forms of personal information. We use this information for business, marketing and commercial purposes, including but not limited to, providing the products and services you request, processing your claims, protecting against fraud, maintaining security, confirming your identity and offering you other insurance and financial products.
For California residents, click here to view the full version of the California Consumer Privacy Notice.
Para español, haga clic aquí para ver la versión completa del Aviso de Privacidad del Consumidor de California.
Read less
X
Espa&ntilde;ol
No disponible en español
Lo sentimos! Esta página aún no está disponible en español.
Localiza a un agente
Cancelar
Aviso
Lo sentimos! Esta página aún no está disponible en español.
Continuar
Cancelar
Start Of Main Content
Customer CarePrivacy SecurityPrivacyAbout Our Ads
About Our Ads & Tracking
We Use Common Tracking Technologies
We, along with our vendors, use several common tracking technologies on our website properties and in our mobile applications to collect information about your computer or device. These may include browser cookies, local shared objects (such as "Flash" cookies), mobile advertising or device IDs, analytical tools, or other technologies. We use these tools to:Acknowledge our customers and visitors.Store your information if you are registered on our site.Improve our websites, services, and functionality.Better understand the interests of our customers and our website visitors.Assist with marketing and serve you with advertising and other content in which we think you will be interested. To do so, we may observe your behaviors when you interact with us on our properties, like websites or emails, or on other websites we do not control. We may also use information about your browsing history or your current interaction with our website properties or mobile applications that we collect from you or obtain from vendors.We share with, and collect website cookie IDs, web-beacons, mobile device IDs, and similar technologies, from our ad partners and vendors like Adobe to serve you interest based advertising.Coordinate with our partners, including through a Co-Op membership with Adobe, using de-identified data, to serve you our interest-based advertisements across various devices.Perform analytics.Prevent and investigate fraud.
You Can Control Cookies
Your browser may give you the ability to control or reject certain types of browser cookies. How you do so depends on the type of cookie. Browser cookies, which are stored in your browser, can be controlled (deleted or blocked) by using your browser settings. Local shared objects, such as the "Flash" cookies associated with Adobe Flash Player, are stored outside of your browser, elsewhere on your computing device. For more information on how to disable Flash cookies, please visit adobe.com. If you block cookies on your browser, certain website features may not work, including mechanisms used to honor advertising opt-out choices you may make.
Our Ads May Be Served Based on Tracking
We may work with online advertising companies to show you relevant and useful ads including ads displayed on our website and the websites of other companies. These ads may be based on information collected by us or other parties (for example, when you register for a site). These ads may also be based on your activities on our website or on other websites. This is called "online behavioral advertising." Some companies that play a role in the online behavioral advertising process may have sufficient information to identify you. To learn more about online behavioral advertising, visit the Digital Advertising Alliance website.
You Can Limit Online Behavioral Advertising
State Farm® is committed to adhering to the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising. To limit online behavioral advertising/cross device tracking by participating companies and to learn more, visit the Digital Advertising Alliance opt out page. In addition, you may opt out of this type of advertising, as it pertains to Adobe, by using Adobe’s opt-out tool as made available by Adobe.Our site will, on some pages, cause your social network cookies to be transmitted to the social networks to which you belong, together with the "URL" of the State Farm web page you are visiting. This happens because of the social network widgets we use on some web pages to make it easy for you to interact with social networks. Depending on the policies of the social networks to which you belong and your user settings with those services, your social network may be able to track your browsing history. This information may be shared with social networks even if you are unaware of the presence of the widget or do not "click" on the widget. For more information and to control the data you share with social networks, you should consult the privacy policies and documentation of the social networks to which you belong.State Farm Mobile AppsWe use advertising partners to serve you interest-based advertising. We share mobile advertising IDs with our advertising partners for this purpose. You can opt out of interest-based advertising by selecting the “limit ad tracking” or equivalent setting in your mobile device settings.
Last Updated 9/19
State Farm (including State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates) is not responsible for, and does not endorse or approve, either implicitly or explicitly, the content of any third party sites hyperlinked from this page. State Farm has no discretion to alter, update, or control the content on the hyperlinked, third party site. Access to third party sites is at the user's own risk, is being provided for informational purposes only and is not a solicitation to buy or sell any of the products which may be referenced on such third party sites.
PRIVACY SECURITYPrivacyAbout Our AdsAbout Our AdsPrivacy Policy To ConsumersPersonal Health InfoState Privacy RightsSolicitations Direct MarketingNotice of Privacy Policy FAQsRelated pagesRelated pagesSecurityAlerts
Print
Email
Facebook
Twitter
Tweet