https://www.gortons.com/privacy-policy/
Products
Delicious Classics
Smart Solutions
Everyday Gourmet
Crowd Pleasers
Test Kitchen
Recipes
We Are Gorton's
Sustainability
Where to buy
Products
Recipes
We Are Gorton's
Sustainability
Where to buy
Search
Privacy Policy
The web site you have entered is operated by Gorton’s, Inc. (“Gorton’s”).  Gorton’s is committed to protecting your personal privacy. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) outlines the type of information that is collected by Gorton’s on this web site and information collected by Gorton’s offline, such as when you enter a Gorton’s sweepstakes, contest or promotion, and how we use and protect that information. This Policy also tells you what to do if you do not want your Personal Information (defined below) collected when you visit our web site or social media sites, and how you can change information you have already provided to us. This Policy applies only to the Gorton’s web site and to information Gorton’s collects offline. For example, it does not apply to banners, sweepstakes, and other advertisements or promotions we may sponsor or participate in on web sites owned by third parties.
Your Consent to this Policy
By using our web site or entering into a Gorton’s sweepstakes, contest or promotion, you signify that you agree with the terms of this Policy. If you do not agree with any term in this Policy, please do not provide any Personal Information on this site or in any Gorton’s sweepstakes, contest, or promotion.
If you choose not to provide Personal Information on this site or offline, you may not be able to do certain things, like access particular areas of the site, enter a sweepstake or contest, or send us an e-mail.
Your Rights
You have certain rights with respect to the Personal Information you provide to Gorton’s.  You have the right to:
You have the right to request that we disclose to you, free of charge, the following information during the 12-month period preceding your request:
The categories of Personal Information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources from which the Personal Information has been collected;
The purpose for collecting the Personal Information; and
The categories of Personal Information that we have shared to third parties, the categories of third parties with whom we have shared that Personal Information, and the purpose for sharing that Personal Information about you.
You have the right to request that we delete, free of charge, the Personal Information collected about you during the 12-month period preceding your request.  Please know, however, that in certain circumstances allowable by law, we may not be able to accommodate your request.  For example, if we cannot verify your identity, if we cannot verify that you have the authority to act on behalf of another person, or for purposes of complying with our legal obligations or to preserve our legal rights, we may not honor your request;
Be Free from Unlawful Discrimination. You have the right to be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your privacy rights; and
Opt-out of Sale. Gorton’s does not sell your Personal Information, so we do not offer an opt-out option.
You may exercise these rights by writing to us at info@gortons.com or calling us at 1-800-222-6846.  We will respond to your “right to know” and/or “right to delete” request within 45 days of receipt.
Collection of Personal Information
As used in this Policy, “Personal Information” is information that is used to identify, relate to, describe, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with you or your household.  Such information falls into a variety of categories, such as:
identifiers (for example, your name, address, phone number, or other similar identifiers);
Your Personal Information may be collected from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you;
Third-party vendors and service providers;
Information from our parent and affiliate companies; and
Website/mobile app/social media activity.
The site you entered may collect some or all of these types of Personal Information. Please be assured that Gorton’s will not collect any Personal Information from your visits to our web site or social media sites, or otherwise unless you provide this information voluntarily.
When you provide us with Personal Information, you are authorizing us to use that information in accordance with the terms of this Policy, which includes your right to limit our use of the Personal Information as described in this Policy (see “Who to Contact” below).
How We Use Your Information
Your Personal Information is collected for purposes of operating, managing, and maintaining our business so that we may provide our products to you with the highest possible level of customer service.  When you supply Personal Information either on this web site, on our social media pages, or offline, it will be used for the express purpose for which it was collected (e.g., to enter you in a sweepstake).
Your Personal Information may also be used, with your consent, to contact you regarding other products, or Gorton’s related information, which may be of interest to you. At any time, however, you may opt-out of such future contact. (See “Who to Contact” below.)
In the course of doing business, we employ other companies and individuals to perform a variety of functions on our behalf. For example, we hire agencies to help administer consumer promotions, to analyze data, to fulfill orders, and to provide customer service.
Third-party recipients that may receive your Personal Information fall into the following categories:
Our parent and affiliate companies;
Third-party vendors and service providers; and
Government agencies, as required by law.
We will not sell, trade, or rent your Personal Information to third parties. At times we may provide Personal Information and aggregate statistics about our visitors, database entries, web traffic patterns, and related site information we collect on our web site to selected vendors or third parties to analyze solely to help us improve our products and our web sites. Finally, please note that we will release your Personal Information if required to do so by law, or by search warrant, subpoena, or court order.
Other Information We May Collect On Our Site
You may have heard of “cookies,” which are files or pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Gorton’s may use cookies to collect other information during your visit to our web site, such as the particular site areas you visit and the products or services you buy through our web site. We collect this information to better tailor our site and our products to your interests and needs. Cookies may also be used to help speed up your future activities at our sites. For example, a site can recognize that you have provided Personal Information to us and refrain from requesting the same information a second time.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you’d prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. Refusal of cookies at the site you entered may result in an inability to visit certain areas of the site or to receive personalized information when you visit the site.
In addition, we are constantly trying to improve how we promote our web sites. To help us do this, we may measure the effectiveness of our web presence by determining what you clicked on to get to our site.
Site measurement statistics may be used to personalize your web site experience, as well as to evaluate – anonymously and in the aggregate – statistics about usage of the web site. Information about your computer, such as your IP address (a number assigned to your computer whenever you surf the Internet), the type of Internet browser you are using and the type of computer operating system you are using may also be collected and linked to your Personal Information. This is to ensure that our web sites present the best web experience for visitors and that they are an effective information resource.
Some of the pages you visit may also collect information through the use of pixel tags (also called clear gifs) that may be shared with third parties which directly support Gorton’s promotional activities and web site development. The information collected through the use of these pixel tags is not, however, personally identifiable, although it could be linked to your Personal Information.
Finally, we may supplement the information that you provide us with other information that we receive from third parties. We do this for marketing purposes in order to provide more targeted products and services to meet your needs.
Children
At the Gorton’s website, users are told that they must be 13 years or older before sending Personal Information. Users under age 13 should not submit any Personal Information to us.
Security of Information
We take reasonable precautions to keep your Personal Information secure. All personally identifiable information is subject to restricted access to prevent unauthorized access, modification, or misuse.
Changes in Our Policy
Gorton’s reserves the right to change this Policy from time to time as necessary and at our discretion. We will post any new policy here and we encourage you to visit this area frequently to stay informed.
Who to Contact
Please write to us at info@gortons.com or call us at 1-800-222-6846 if you have any comments or questions about this Policy or to report any violations of this Policy. We will respond to you within 24 to 48 hours in most cases.
If you don’t want to be contacted in the future or would like us to correct or update your Personal Information in our records, please email us with your request at info@gortons.com.
August 31, 2020
Get the freshest Catch
Sign up for our Crew Report newsletter to get the latest coupons, special savings and quick meal ideas from your favorite bloggers.
Tell us about yourself
I am a foodie
I am looking for smart and healthy solutions
I am looking for a meal my kids will love
I am looking for time saving solutions
Sign Up
We use cookies and similar technologies to understand how you use our website and to create more valuable experiences for you. To learn more please see our Privacy Policy. AcceptLearn more