http://www.secmet.com/en/site-functions/privacy-center/do-not-sell-my-personal-information/
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Skip to main content
Contact
Site Map
About SMPProductsCustomer SupportSMP & LEEDSustainabilityProjectsNews
Contact
Site Map
Search
ContactSite map
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
This notice applies to citizens of the United States.
1. Introduction
Our website, AADG, Inc., and Secmet.com uses cookies and other technologies (all technologies consumer’s personal information electronically as "cookies").
2. Cookie Policy
In the following link, we inform you about the use of cookies on our website.
3. Consent
A pop-up with the purpose of the cookies will show up when you visit our website for the first time. You do have the right to opt-out and to object to the further use of non-essential cookies.
You can also disable the use of cookies via your browser; note that this might made our website no longer work properly.
4. Third parties
We have agreements with other companies that place and use cookies. We cannot guarantee that these third parties handle your personal data in a reliable or secure manner. Parties on these agreements are to be considered as independent data “business” (per CCPA definition). We recommend that you read the privacy statements of these companies.
5. Your rights with respect to personal data
You have the following rights reliably or securely your personal data:
You may submit a request for access to your personal information that we process;
You may object to the processing;
You may request an overview, in a commonly used format, of the data we process about you;
You may request correction or deletion of the data if it is incorrect or not or no longer relevant, or to ask to restrict the processing of the data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us. Please refer to the contact details at the bottom of this cookie statement. If you have a complaint about how we handle your data, we would like to hear from you.
6. Selling data to third parties
We do not sell data to third parties
However we might, making available, transfer, communicate electronically, consumer’s personal information by the business to a business affiliated inclusive with a third party but not for monetary but for other valuable consideration.
7. Contact details
For questions and/or comments about our policies and this statement, please contact us by using the following contact details:
ASSA ABLOY Americas Privacy 110 Sargent DR. New Haven, CT. 06511. USA.
Email: Privacy.Americas@assaabloy.com
Toll-free : 1 (833) 648 - 0107
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Weibo
E-mail
Print
About
Products
Customer Support
News
SMP and LEED
Sustainability
Projects
Site Map
Privacy Notice
Legal Notice
Do not sell my personal information
SMP/Security Metal Products is a brand associated with AADG, Inc., an ASSA ABLOY Group company. Copyright © 2020, AADG, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without the express written permission of AADG, Inc. is prohibited. Email: SMP@doorgroup.com
Experience a safer and more open world