https://www.mrprint.com/privacy-policy
Create an Account
Login
×Close
Shop By Equipment
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At The M&R Companies, we respect your privacy and are committed to keeping your contact information confidential. To that end, M&R has established strict privacy guidelines and practices to ensure that your private information remains safe, and we offer this Privacy Policy for your assurance. We WILL NOT SELL, TRADE, RENT, or GIVE your personal information to third parties. Registration on our website is voluntary and for the purpose of providing customers with requested product and/or company information. Because we value your trust, we provide this statement to inform our users of how we gather and utilize personal information.
COLLECTION, USE AND PROTECTION OF INFORMATION
When you register on the M&R website, we ask you for very limited contact information, which is completely voluntary on your part.
You may choose to provide this information or not.
We store information that you provide to us in a database on our server. We use commercially reasonable methods to secure your data on our server. We use this information to process your requests for additional information, and to communicate with you about the status of your inquiry.
If you have asked to receive newsletters and/or special offers and promotional announcements, we use your email address to deliver them to you.
VIEWING AND UPDATING YOUR INFORMATION WITH M&R
You can always change the information you have provided to M&R by logging in to Your Account and clicking on View/Update Your Account Profile. You can also use this page to change your account password.
If you no longer wish to receive an M&R Newsletter or other notification, please modify your preferences by logging in to Your Account and clicking on Manage Your Email Subscriptions, then deselecting the appropriate checkboxes.
COOKIES
As you browse the M&R site, we place cookies on your computer's hard drive, unless you choose to set your browser to disable cookies.
(Cookies are small pieces of data that are sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your hard drive)
Cookies allow us, among other things, to track sessions and personalize your experience on our site.
Such uses allow us to improve our site and better tailor it to your our users' needs.
M&R will not share your information with anyone who is not an employee or affiliate of the M&R companies.
If your browser is NOT set to accept cookies, you will still be able to use the M&R site and services.
However, our server will not recognize you, and you may have to retype your account information to request newsletters or equipment information.
DISCLOSURE
M&R will not sell, trade, rent, or give your personal information to third parties. We never provide anyone with customer information collected from our website. Registration on our website is voluntary and for the purpose of providing customers with requested product and/or company information. Internally, we may use this information to customize your experience on the M&R site, to analyze site usage, and to improve our content and product offerings.
From time to time, we may partner with companies whose products we believe will interest our users. In conjunction with these partners, we occasionally send joint promotional announcements to our registered customers. However, we do not provide your name or contact information to our marketing partners. We may use a vendor to carry out these mailings, but the partner company never sees your email address or any other information that could identify you or be used to contact you directly.
No exceptions to this policy will be made without your permission.
Customers should check back for updates to this policy. However, M&R will not use your information in a manner different from that stated when you registered without first obtaining your consent.
CONTACT
If you have questions concerning your registration information or this privacy policy, please contact us by clicking here.
The Diamondback R Series is our first auto press, and it is the best thing we have ever done here at Showdown Merch.
The Diamondback R Series is our first auto press, and it is the best thing we have ever done here at Showdown Merch. Matched up with the Mini Sprint 2000 and the Red Chili's, we are able to triple our workload easily. This press is the easiest press to set up and do a large order with, and take down is a breeze. Amazing service on such a great product. Any shops out there can feel free to give us a call at (403) 887-3388 if you need any other reviews on this product.
- Bryce Thurston
Showdown Merch - CANADA
M&R proves why they are the leader when it comes to printing equipment.
We have been using our new I-Image STE for about 2 weeks now and it works great. Installation and training was a breeze, could not have been easier. It is the biggest time saver we have ever added to our process. We are printing and exposing screens in less than 90 seconds. Not only does it eliminate film cost completely, it produces screens faster and reduces setup time at the press. On top of that we are holding greater detail than ever before.Once again M&R proves why they are the leader when it comes to printing equipment. Great job guys!
- Phil Rideout, President
R&R Enterprises - USA
The Gauntlet III is a beast and is built to run 24/7/365.
We have had our Gauntlet III in production for nearly 3 months and have been thrilled with the machine. We have already put over 120,000 impressions on the machine and it is still going strong. We have found that the individual off-contact for each printhead helps with various printing techniques. It is also a plus to be able to adjust in 1/16” increments when needed. Our first job was a 9-color on dark apparel with a 17” print stroke and one flash. We were able to run the machine comfortably at 920 pieces per hour. The addition of the laser for print placements has saved us valuable time where we used to mark our pallets with a T-Square. The touchscreen interface is very user friendly and easy to make adjustments when needed.Having a built-in maintenance schedule [M&R’s Maintenance Minder™] for the machine is another perk and allows management to easily assure that the presses are being properly maintained. We have not had any problems to date with the machine but are at ease knowing that all parts that we could ever need are able to be overnighted to us.Overall, we have seen an increase in our production numbers due to the efficiencies gained with the newest technology on the market. We are able to run as fast as we can clear a screen and dry our underbase. Simply put, the Gauntlet III is a beast and is built to run 24/7/365.
- Steve Rhodes, Owner
Impressionz Printing - USA
The Sprint 3000 Is Superb
The Sprint 3000 is superb and we are really, really happy with it. We've got the recipes dialed in for our inks now and it's running great. We have noticed improvements in the finish on our plastisols, too. They seem to be coming through much softer. Assuming it's because we are much more efficiently curing than with the electric curers!
- Michael Dixon, Production Manager
Awesome Merchandise - UNITED KINGDOM
M&R makes the most high quality screen printing equipment in the world.
M&R makes the most high quality screen printing equipment in the world. Even with that said, parts get old and can wear out. Usually, at the worst possible time. It’s times like those that we’re glad we chose M&R as our equipment manufacturer. Even years after the sale, we can count on M&R 24/7. They are part of the fabric that is Ink Brigade. An instrumental partner in our success.A frantic call in the middle of the night is always met on the other end of the line by an experienced member of their service staff who expertly diagnoses my issue, and starts the process of solving our problem. No matter the age, or oddball part, the parts department makes sure I’ll have what I need the next morning. My printing crew hardly misses a beat and we don’t miss the deadline. That makes for happy customers and makes me appreciate M&R more and more every year. We rest easy knowing people like Dan Goldberg and the rest of the service and parts departments are working hard for us behind the scenes every day.
- Jamie McParland, Co-Owner
Ink Brigade Screen Printing - USA