http://www.pb.com/us/legal/privacy-statement.html
Back to Top
Top
Privacy Statement | Pitney Bowes
Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement is effective as of December 30, 2019.
Pitney Bowes is committed to respecting the privacy of our clients and users.  This Privacy Statement describes how our websites, services and products operate, and how we collect, use, and share information.
This Privacy Statement applies to pb.com and Pitney Bowes websites, services and products that collect data and display these terms, and that are owned and operated by Pitney Bowes and Pitney Bowes subsidiaries, collectively, "Pitney Bowes".  Pitney Bowes websites, services and products are referred to in this statement as "Sites".  These terms do not apply to Pitney Bowes sites that do not display or link to this statement or that have their own privacy statements.
The following topics are presented in this Privacy Statement:
Collecting Personal Information from Site Users
Collecting Other Information
Using and Retaining Personal Information
Sharing Personal Information
Protecting Personal Information
Cross Border Data Transfer
Visiting Non-Pitney Bowes Websites
EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Compliance
Country-Specific Requirements
Your Choices
Your Rights to Access Personal Information
Changes to this Privacy Statement
Contact Us
1. Collecting Personal Information from Site Users
In order to provide you with access to certain services or data within our Sites, we may require that you provide certain personal information, which include, but is not limited to the examples listed below “Personal Information”. Pitney Bowes also collects non-personal information that does not, on its own, identify an individual person. When non-personal information is combined with other information so that it does identify an individual person, we treat that combination as Personal Information.
The following are examples of the types of information that is considered Personal Information and that may be collected directly from you (or someone acting on your behalf):
Contact information (including Name, Street Address, Email Address, Telephone Number)
Government issued IDs (such as tax identification number)
Username, password, and other information used in combination to verify identity
Financial information (including credit/debit card and bank account information, credit and repayment history, and payment default information)
Geolocation, demographic, shipping/receiving, billing, and other information related to the purchase or delivery of Pitney Bowes products and services or services you access through the Sites
Any other personal information or characteristics about an individual that identifies such individual alone or that, if used in combination with one of the above or with other non-personally identifiable information, allows someone to identify such individual, such as date or place of birth, geographic data, or photographic images
By accessing and utilizing our Sites, you consent to the collection, use, disclosure, storage and processing of Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Statement.  Please note, by law you are not required to provide us with your Personal Information. By electing to not share your Personal Information with us, you may be unable to take advantage of our Sites and we may be unable to provide you with all of the functionality we offer through our Sites.
2. Collecting Other Information
Pitney Bowes Sites use several automatic data collection tools and techniques including cookies, clickstream, and web beacons.
Cookies
Some of our Sites use "cookies" which are a small amount of data (often including a unique identifier), which is sent to your browser from a website and stored on your computer’s hard drive.   We may use cookies so that we can better serve visitors on our Sites, understand usage and improve the content and offerings on our Sites. Cookies may be placed by us or by our third party service providers.
We, or our service providers, may: (1) use cookies to collect aggregate information about website users on an anonymous basis or (2) share aggregate demographic and usage information with our prospective and actual business partners, advertisers, and other third parties for any business purpose.
If you prefer not to have cookies, most web browsers include an option that allows you to not accept them. However, without cookies you may be unable to take full advantage of all of our Site features and some portions of our Sites may not function properly for you.
Clickstream
We may collect information about the "clickstream" of our customers during their visit to our Sites. This clickstream data contains the pages the visitors came from, the navigational paths they took, and the areas of the Site they visited. From time to time we track such information inside and outside of our Sites. Additionally, we may track and match clickstream data with Personal Information you provide to us in order to deliver content and other offerings - i.e., products and services that might improve your customer experience. We may also share clickstream data with third parties in an aggregate or otherwise anonymous format.
Cross Device
We participate in the Adobe Experience Cloud Device Co-op to better understand how you use our website and applications across various devices so we can deliver tailored promotions. Click here https://cross-device-privacy.adobe.com to learn more.
Web Beacon
Certain email communications you receive from us may contain "web beacons." Web beacons consist of a line of code on our Sites that delivers a small graphic image. The web beacon may not be visible as it is a 1x1 pixel that is often designed to blend into the background of a web page. Web beacons allow us to obtain information such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the web beacon appears, the URL of the page on which the web beacon appears, the time the page containing the web beacon was viewed, the browser type used to view the page and the information in cookies. We use web beacons for activities such as monitoring the effectiveness of the headlines in our emails or the ad banners.
IP Address
Your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address is a numerical label assigned to each device (e.g., computer, printer, mobile device, or server) and is usually associated with the place from which you enter the internet. It is how devices find each other on a network. We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers, gather broad demographic information, gather geographic data, and administer our Sites.
Do Not Track Requests
We do not act on, alter, or change our Site behavior upon receiving Do Not Track requests from your browser.
3. Using and Retaining Personal Information Personal Information we collect through our Sites may be used to provide information regarding our products and services, or for marketing and promotions we believe you may find of interest. We also may use the Personal Information you provide for our internal purposes, such as Site customization, enhancement or development, administration and operation of our Sites, data analytics, and compliance with our legal obligations, policies and procedures, including performance of Pitney Bowes obligations under sales contracts, leases or licenses between you and Pitney Bowes.
We retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Statement, unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law; or to otherwise fulfill a legal obligation.
4. Sharing Personal Information
Pitney Bowes does not sell Personal Information to third parties. However, there are certain situations where we may share your Personal Information where permitted by law, for example:
within the Pitney Bowes family of businesses,
with third parties that perform services for us or on our behalf (such as credit card companies, credit and/or investigative reporting agencies, finance companies, transport companies, consultants, advisors and market research firms), or
for marketing campaigns conducted by us or other companies or organizations that offer products or services we believe may be of interest to our clients.
Our service providers are required to keep the Personal Information received from us confidential and secure in accordance with this Privacy Statement and they may not use it for any purpose other than the purpose for which Pitney Bowes provided it.
We may also make information available to third parties in the following circumstances:
When we have a good faith belief it is required by law or to otherwise cooperate with law enforcement activity;
When we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful activity; or
In the event of a proposed or actual merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution or sale of assets.
In these circumstances, your consent will not be required, but we will attempt to notify you, to the extent the law requires.
Depending upon local law, you may either opt-in or opt-out of having your Personal Information shared and/or for marketing purposes. In the event you opt-in, we will use and share your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Statement. In the event you opt-out, we will share your preference with the applicable third parties as appropriate. For information on how to do this, see the Your Choices section of this Privacy Statement below.
5. Protecting Personal Information
We maintain reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect the Personal Information we collect and process.
6. Cross Border Data Transfer
Pitney Bowes Inc. and its wholly-owned U.S. subsidiaries that receive Personal Information from countries outside of the United States adhere to applicable law and regulations regarding client, partner and employee Personal Information moving across geographical and jurisdictional borders. This includes the use of data transfer agreements and model contractual clauses, where available, between our corporate entities, our partners and our clients where required.
Additional information may be found under the Country-Specific Requirements section for the geographies you are located in.
7. Visiting Nonaffiliated Pitney Bowes Websites
Our Sites may contain links to other websites that operate independently from Pitney Bowes. Linked websites may have their own privacy statements or notices. If you visit any linked websites we strongly suggest you review their privacy statement. Any information you provide when you visit a nonaffiliated Pitney Bowes website is subject to the privacy statement posted on that website. We are not responsible for the content of any websites that are not affiliated with or owned by Pitney Bowes, any use of those websites, or the privacy practices of those websites.
8. EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Compliance
Pitney Bowes has certified its compliance with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework (Privacy Shield) as set forth by the United States Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, processing and retention of Personal Information transferred from the European Union, the United Kingdom and Switzerland to the United States in reliance on Privacy Shield.
We have certified to the United States Department of Commerce that we adhere to the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to Personal Information. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Statement and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit www.privacyshield.gov
Pitney Bowes is responsible for the processing of Personal Information it receives, under Privacy Shield, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Pitney Bowes complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of Personal Information from the EU, United Kingdom or Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to Personal Information received or transferred pursuant to Privacy Shield; Pitney Bowes is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the United States Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose Personal Information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Principles, Pitney Bowes commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your Personal Information. If you believe Pitney Bowes processes your Personal Information within the scope of our Privacy Shield certification, you may direct any inquiries or complaints concerning our compliance to us at the information in the Contact Us section below.
Pitney Bowes will respond within 45 days. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact JAMS, our U.S-based third party dispute resolution provider, free of charge at https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, you may be able to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted. Please contact or visit the Privacy Shield website at https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint for more information or to file a complaint. The services of the Privacy Shield website are provided at no cost to you.
9. Country-Specific Requirements
Pitney Bowes Inc. is a global corporation with subsidiary companies located around the world. This Privacy Statement establishes our global principles (to the extent the law permits and/or requires) for the collection, use and disclosure of information gathered through our Sites. The country in which you are doing business with us or where the Site you are visiting is located or hosted may have specific requirements concerning Personal Information and may be found below.
Australia
Cross Border Data Transfer
With respect to Personal Information received from Australia, your Personal Information may be disclosed to entities located in the U.S., U.K., or any other country necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Statement and we will adhere to applicable law and regulations regarding your Personal Information. As stated above, this includes the use of data transfer agreements and model contractual clauses, where available, between our corporate entities, our partners and our clients where required.
Credit Information
As described in Collecting Personal Information from Site Users, we may also collect your credit information to assess a credit application or to assist us to collect overdue payments. We may collect credit information from a business which provides information about commercial credit, a lender named in your credit application, any other applicant(s) or a credit reporting bureau which provides consumer credit reports, even if it is an application for commercial credit.
When you apply for credit with us, you agree to us accessing your Personal Information (including credit-related information) held with a credit reporting bureau, even if there is a ban period in place, for the purposes of assessing an application for credit or in order to collect overdue payments.
Credit reporting bureaus may use credit information they hold to respond to requests from us or other credit providers to "pre-screen" you for direct marketing. You can ask a CRB not to do this. However, if you are a borrower you may still receive direct marketing from us (unless you ask us not to) that has not been "pre-screened".
Europe
Transferring Personal Information to Other Countries
Specifically, if you are in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), the data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a location outside the EEA. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or one of our service providers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the fulfillment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your Personal Information, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing of your personal data at locations outside the EEA. We will protect all Personal Information transferred outside the EEA in accordance with this Privacy Statement or as required by applicable law.
Facebook
Pitney Bowes and Facebook Ireland Limited “Facebook” are jointly responsible for the processing of your personal data on the Pitney Bowes Facebook fan pages in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Facebook provides Pitney Bowes with page insights "Facebook Insights". The primary responsibility for the processing of Facebook Insights data lies with Facebook, and Facebook fulfills all obligations under the GDPR with regard to the processing of your Facebook Insights data. A copy of the agreement setting forth the data protection obligations and the implementation of data subject rights between Pitney Bowes and Facebook regarding Facebook Insights can be accessed here.
Pitney Bowes makes no decisions with regard to the processing of Insights data and all other information resulting from Art. 13 GDPR, including legal basis, identity of the person responsible and storage period of cookies on user terminals.
You can assert your rights as a data subject both to Pitney Bowes and Facebook. You may contact Pitney Bowes with any questions, comments or complaints by following the instructions in the Contact Us section below. You may also contact Facebook per their privacy policy which can be accessed here. (https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation)
Japan
Privacy Mark
Pitney Bowes Japan Co., Ltd. has been granted the Privacy Mark granted by the Japan Information Economy and Society Promotion Association (JIPDEC) to businesses that handle personal information appropriately.
Latin America
Pitney Bowes Inc. is a global corporation with business units and subsidiary companies located around the world and is responsible for the processing of your personal data and its protection. This Privacy Statement establishes Pitney Bowes' global principles for the collection, use and disclosure of information gathered through our Sites (which also includes Pitney Bowes Brasil and Pitney Bowes Puerto Rico).
Your Choices
You have the right to access, rectify, and/or cancel your personal data and object to its processing as well as to restrict its use or disclosure and/ or revoke the consent given to us for the processing of such data by contacting us as described in the Contact Us section below.
Likewise, and unless you expressly disagree and send in writing your disagreement you can contact us as described in the Contact Us section below, you expressly authorize Pitney Bowes to transfer your personal data to be processed by third parties under the terms and conditions of the Privacy Statement of Pitney Bowes.
United States
Your California Privacy Rights - Shine the Light Law
California residents are legally entitled (at no charge and no more than once per year) to request information about how we may have shared your information with others for direct marketing purposes. To obtain this information or make changes to your Personal Information, please refer to the instructions provided in the Contact Us section below.
Sharing Personal Information of California Residents
Pitney Bowes does not sell your Personal Information to third parties. However, there are certain situations where we may share your Personal Information where permitted by law, for example:
within the Pitney Bowes family of businesses,
with third parties that perform services for us or on our behalf (such as credit card companies, credit and/or investigative reporting agencies, finance companies, transport companies, consultants, advisors and market research firms), or
for marketing campaigns conducted by us or other companies or organizations that offer products or services we believe may be of interest to our clients.
Our service providers are required to keep the Personal Information received from us confidential and secure in accordance with this Privacy Statement and they may not use it for any purpose other than the purpose for which Pitney Bowes provided it.
As outlined in the Your Rights to Access Personal Information you have the right to know more about the Personal Information we have about you. To obtain this information, please refer to the instructions provided in the Your Rights to Access Personal Information section below.
If you wish to opt-out of receiving marketing communications from Pitney Bowes or make changes to your Personal Information, please refer to the instructions provided in the Contact Us section below.
10. Your Choices
If you are a Pitney Bowes customer, you will receive transactional communications about your account and the Pitney Bowes products and services, which you own, lease, rent, license or to which you subscribe. In some jurisdictions, you may have to opt-in to receive any additional marketing communications from us. In the event you opt-in, we will use and share your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Statement. If you wish to opt-out of receiving marketing communications from Pitney Bowes, you may do so by (i) following the instructions provided in our marketing communications, or (ii) indicating your preferences on the relevant account profile/preferences section (such as Your Account), or (iii) referring to the instructions provided in the Contact Us section below. In the event you opt-out, we will share your preference with applicable third parties as appropriate.
Some of our products and services contain settings that allow users or administrators to control how the products collect information. If you wish to request changes to your Personal Information, you may do so by (i) indicating your preferences on the relevant account profile/preferences section (such as Your Account), or (ii) referring to the instructions provided in the Contact Us section below. Please note, by electing to not share certain Personal Information with us, we may be unable to provide you with all of the functionality we offer through our Sites.
11. Your Rights to Access Personal Information
Where required by law, you may as it relates to your Personal Information (i) request access, (ii) make corrections, (iii) request deletion, (iv) restrict, (v) object to processing, or (vi) request copies. When accessing or updating your Personal Information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request. Please note that we may reject requests, or limit the information we provide access to, if we determine it could risk the privacy of others or if unreasonable or repetitive, or if it would require disproportionate effort. As permitted by law, we may charge a reasonable fee for providing access to Personal Information, but we do not charge for lodging a request for access. If you would like to make a request click here.
12. Changes to this Privacy Statement
Pitney Bowes may change this Privacy Statement from time to time at its discretion. We will indicate at the top of the Privacy Statement when it was most recently updated. We will not use your Personal Information in ways that differ materially from this Privacy Statement without prior notice to you, and in no event will we use your Personal Information in ways prohibited by law. Your continued use of our Sites indicates your consent to this Privacy Statement and any amended version of it.
13. Contact Us
To opt out of marketing communications, click here to Unsubscribe and you will be removed from Pitney Bowes promotional/marketing email lists. Please note, if you are a Pitney Bowes customer, you will continue to receive transactional communications about your account and the Pitney Bowes products and services which you own, lease, rent, and license or to which you subscribe.
If you would like to make changes to your Personal Information (such as address information and phone number) click here.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Statement, please contact us at:
Global Data Protection Office
c/o Pitney Bowes Inc.
3001 Summer St
Stamford, CT USA 06926-0700
or
Email us @ privacyoffice@pb.com
Please see below for contact information for the following countries, which should be used if you have a question, comment or compliant about this Privacy Statement for your specific country:
Australia
Contact Us
If you have any questions, or if you believe that we have not complied with our obligations under the Privacy Act (and, in particular, the Australian Privacy Principals), or if you believe that the Personal Information that we hold about you has been compromised in any way, please contact us as described below. We will respond to any question or complaint as soon as possible.
Global Data Protection Office
c/o Pitney Bowes Australia Pty Ltd
Level 1, 68 Waterloo Road, Macquarie Park,
NSW 2113, Australia
or
Email us @ privacymatters.au@pb.com
Tel: +61 (0)2 9475 3500
If you are dissatisfied with our response, you may direct your complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner by email at enquiries@oaic.gov.au or by telephone on 1300 363 992.
Germany
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Statement, please contact us at:
Global Data Protection Office
c/o Pitney Bowes Germany GmbH
Poststr. 4-6
D-64293 Darmstadt
Or
Email us @ datenschutzbeauftragter@pb.com
India
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Statement, please contact us at:
Global Data Protection Office
c/o Pitney Bowes Software India Pvt. Ltd.
5th Floor, Tower- B, Logix Cyber Park,
C 28-29, Sector-62,  Noida – 201307
Attn: Ruchi Bhalla
Or email
Local Grievance Officer @ ruchi.bhalla@pb.com
Global Data Protection Office @ privacyoffice@pb.com
Japan
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Statement, please contact us at:
Pitney Bowes Japan Co., Ltd.
Gotenyama Trust Tower 12F,
4-7-35 Kitashinagawa,
Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo
Call: 03-5657-1200
Or email
Global Data Protection Office @ privacyoffice@pb.com
About Pitney Bowes
Our Company
Newsroom
Contact Us
Track A Package
Investor Relations
Corporate Responsibility
Careers
Events & Tradeshows
Blog
Shop
Ink & Supplies by Meter
Meter Connectivity
Mailing Supplies
Order History & Returns
Your Account
View & Pay Bills
View Order History
ValueMAX
Your Account Support
Rewards
Sign in to your account
Product Support
Postal Rate Change
Envelope Messaging
Product Support
Connectivity Support
Parcel ID Tracker
Business Services
Partner Program
Small Business Program
Shipping API Program
Developers
Developer Hub
Follow Us
Facebook
Linked In
Twitter
YouTube
©1996-2020 Pitney Bowes Inc. All rights reserved.
Legal
Privacy