https://www.jeansrestaurantsupply.com/privacy-policy
Categories
Products(show all)
Articles(show all)
Welcome
Store Locator
About Us
Contact Us
LOGIN
ACCOUNT
Account
Log In
Sign Up
CART
0
You have no items in your shopping cart.
866-618-4999
Menu
Search
Jean's Restaurant Supply
SEARCH
Search:
866 618 4999				MON-FRI: 8:00AM-5:00PM CST
SAT: 9:00AM-3:00PM CST
SUNDAY CLOSED
Menu
Restaurant EquipmentKitchen SuppliesServeware / Smallware / CateringRestaurant TabletopRestaurant FurnitureJanitorial SuppliesVentilation SystemBusiness TypeMore CategoriesSchool Cafeteria SuppliesShop By BrandsPartsClearance SalesUsed Restaurant EquipmentJean's DesignsMore Categories
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to Jean's Restaurant Supply and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Jean's Restaurant Supply. The Jean's Restaurant Supply website is a Ecommerce site. By using the Jean's Restaurant Supply website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
In order to better provide you with products and services offered on our Site, Jean's Restaurant Supply may collect personally identifiable information, such as your:
-          First and Last Name
-          Mailing Address
-          E-mail Address
-          Phone Number
If you purchase Jean's Restaurant Supply's products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction.
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Use of your Personal Information
Jean's Restaurant Supply collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Jean's Restaurant Supply may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Jean's Restaurant Supply and its affiliates.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
Jean's Restaurant Supply does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Jean's Restaurant Supply may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Jean's Restaurant Supply, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Jean's Restaurant Supply may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Jean's Restaurant Supply or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Jean's Restaurant Supply; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Jean's Restaurant Supply, or the public.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Jean's Restaurant Supply. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Jean's Restaurant Supply website.
Security of your Personal Information
Jean's Restaurant Supply secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Jean's Restaurant Supply uses the following methods for this purpose:
-          SSL Protocol
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
Children Under Thirteen
Jean's Restaurant Supply does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
E-mail Communications
From time to time, Jean's Restaurant Supply may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from Jean's Restaurant Supply, you may opt out of such communications by clicking on the UNSUBSCRIBE button.
Changes to this Statement
Jean's Restaurant Supply reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
Jean's Restaurant Supply welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Jean's Restaurant Supply has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Jean's Restaurant Supply at:
Jean's Restaurant Supply426 S. Staples St.Corpus Christi, Texas 78401
Email Address:marketing@jeansrs.com
Telephone number:361-360-7590
Effective as of June 01, 2019
About Us
A little of our past, and a big future.
Jean's Restaurant Supply since 1983 has expanded a commanding busine...
Read More
Customer Service
My Account
My Orders
Shipping Policy
Contact Us
Store Locator
Quick Links
Design Team
Request A Quote
Used Restaurant Equipment
Terms & Conditions
Careers
Catalog Resource
Blogspot
Sitemap
Jean's Restaurant Supply
426 S.Staples Street, Corpus Christi TX 78401, United States
bids@jeansrestaurantsupply.com
1-361-884-9800
866 618 4999
payments we accept
Copyright 2020 www.jeansrestaurantsupply.com. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
Installation and Service for walk-in cooler & freezer and refrigeration equipment from our Corpus Christi location for all of Texas: LIC# TACLB11650C
For more information on what data collected by Jean's Restaurant Supply, please see our Privacy Policy page.