http://www.podspeakers.com/pages/privacy-notice-4
plus
minus
cross
arrow-left
arrow-right
arrow-bottom
cart
dropdown-arrow
next
previous
heart
search
tick
facebook
fancy
google-plus
instagram
pinterest
tumblr
twitter
vimeo
rss
youtube
lock
video-play
sale
CHRISTMAS-DEALSMicroPodMiniPodBigPodDropAccessories
INTERNATIONAL
>
Your cart is empty
Start shopping
Privacy Policy
Podspeakers respects your privacy and is committed to protecting the personal information that you decide to share with us.
The purpose of this policy statement is to explain the type of information Podspeakers collects, how we collect it, what we use it for, and how consumers can restrict the use or disclosure of personally identifiable information. This privacy policy statement covers two distinct types of information we may collect: (1) when you visit our website, and (2) when you use our products. In case you want us to update, delete, or change the personal data which we have registered about you, or if you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact our data manager at hello@podspeakers.com.
Information we collect
Podspeakers only collects personal information that a visitor to www.podspeakers.com voluntarily and knowingly provides. This means that you can visit our website without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. To measure the performance of and continually improve our website, we do, however, collect some generic information about our visitors. This information may include: your IP address, browser type, operating system, domain name, access times, and referring website addresses. We aggregate this information and use it for the operation of the website, to improve the quality and performance of the website, and to provide general statistics regarding the use of www.podspeakers.com.
Podspeakers may collect personally identifiable information through this website and is the sole owner of such information. Personal information includes any information that may be used to identify you, including, but not limited to, first and last name, email address, home, postal, or other physical address, birth date, gender, occupation, demographic data, industry, personal interests, and possibly other information if needed to provide a product or service that you request.
You may choose to provide personal information to Podspeakers in a variety of ways through our website, including:
Registering to receive news or information about our products
Placing an order for a product
Registering a purchase of a Podspeakers product
Sending us email
Submitting a support request.
In each of the instances above, we may ask for some or all of the personal information described above. When personal information is collected, we will inform you at the point of collection about the purpose(s) for which it is to be used. If we ever ask for significantly different information, we will inform you about this. In addition, we will clearly identify personal information that is required versus optional information.
Information use, sharing and disclosure
When visitors supply information about themselves for a specific purpose, Podspeakers uses the information for that purpose (such as to provide the information the visitor has requested or to consider a visitor for a particular job). When visitors use our website to order products or to request information about our products, we may use the individual information as we would use the same information if obtained offline – for example to evaluate your needs and contact you regarding additional products, information, or services that we believe you may find useful. You have the right to choose not to receive this information by notifying us of your preference.
We do not sell individual information obtained online about our visitors. And we will not disclose the personal information you provide us with via the website to parties unaffiliated with Podspeakers unless you specifically authorize us to do so, we believe it is reasonably required by law, or we believe that disclosure is reasonably required to protect the safety of customers, employees, or property.
Podspeakers uses a variety of third-party contractors to perform services such as website management and hosting, online product purchases and shipping, credit card processing, and email marketing. In such instances, your personal information may be shared with these agents or contractors, but only for performing services on behalf of Podspeakers and in accordance with this privacy policy. In addition, if another company acquires Podspeakers, your personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred to the successor company.
We will always give you the opportunity to “opt out” of receiving direct marketing or market research information. This means we assume you have given us your consent to collect and use your information in accordance with this policy unless you actively indicate that you do not consent, for instance by clicking or checking the appropriate option or box at the point of collection. In some cases, when applicable, we will provide you with the opportunity to “opt in.” This means we will require that you actively indicate your consent before we use your information for purposes other than the purpose for which it was submitted.
Security
Podspeakers uses a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer servers with limited access that are located in controlled facilities. When we transmit sensitive information (such as a credit card number) over the Internet, we protect it with encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. If, at any time, you would like to make a purchase, but do not want to provide your credit card information online, you may contact a Podspeakers sales representative over the telephone. We require our employees to protect the privacy of information about our customers and expect our partners and suppliers to do so as well.
Invalid Password
Thank you! Please check your mail inbox for a confirmation message from us.
Receive offers, news and tips.Join our newsletter.
Sign up
INTERNATIONAL
ProductsAll ProductsWireless LoudspeakersHiFi LoudspeakersAccessoriesSpare PartsCustomer careHelp & FAQContactShipping and paymentDelivery & ReturnsPrivacy NoticeCookie PolicyTerms of SaleLoginNewsletter signupAbout ReviewsThe MiniPodThe set upCreate Your SpaceShaping soundOur storyVideosDealersWhere to buy Become a DistributorDealer Area
©
2020 · Podspeakers A/S · Smedeskovvej 81 · DK-8464 Galten · Denmark · VAT No. 40198121
YouTube
Twitter
Instagram
Facebook
Pinterest
Select your website
You are on the international Podspeakers site
If you live in the EU and want to purchaseproducts from Podspeakers, you’re in the right place.If you live in the Denmark, please select “Denmark”and we will redirect you to the danish Podspeakers website.
International
Denmark