https://www.greatwings.com/index.php?main_page=conditions
Home
Conditions of Use
Terms
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE.
This website is owned and operated by Johnson's Jewelry, Inc.. The following Terms and Conditions govern your use of this website. By using/visiting this website, you signify your agreement to these terms and conditions in full. Accessing the information, resources, services, products, and tools we provide, you understand and agree to accept and adhere to the following Terms and Conditions as stated in this policy (hereafter referred to as 'User Agreement'), along with the terms and conditions as stated in our Privacy Policy (please refer to the Privacy Policy section for more information). Should you disagree with any portion of these Terms and Conditions, you must not use this website.
This agreement is in effect as of October 1, 2016.
Johnson's Jewelry, Inc. reserves the right to modify these Terms and Conditions at any time without notice or obligation. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this User Agreement periodically to familiarize yourself with any modifications. Your continued use of this site after such modifications will constitute acknowledgment and agreement of the modified Terms and Conditions.
Copyright
All content and materials contained within the GreatWings.com website, including but not limited to text, graphics, website name, images and logos are the exclusive and/or intellectual property of Johnson's Jewelry, Inc. and are protected by United States and International copyright laws. Any inappropriate use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of any content on this site is strictly prohibited, unless specifically authorized by Johnson's Jewelry, Inc.
Product Availability
To the best of our ability, all products listed on GreatWings.com are in stock and ready for immediate delivery unless specifically marked as out of stock on an individual product page. We normally do not accept backorders for items listed as out of stock. In rare instances, we may take your order and then discover that the product is not available for immediate shipping. Should some unforeseen occurrence delay your order, you will be contacted immediately with more information so long as you provided your contact information such as your e-mail address or phone number.
Shipping
We offer both USPS and UPS shipping with multiple delivery options. Johnson's Jewelry, Inc. may decide to ship using a different option - shipping selection is at our discretion. If you opt for overnight or expedited shipping, we most likely will ship via the option you select.
Delivery Times
All orders with free or standard shipping will be fulfilled within a couple of days of payment. We try hard to package and deliver items quickly. If you purchase overnight or two-day service we will make sure to ship the following day. All orders are normally shipped within 24 - 48 hours unless you opt for express delivery, in which case we will ship the following business day. Your delivery time will be dependent upon the shipping option you select. Please allow ample carrier delivery time depending upon which shipping selection you decide upon and where you live in the World in proximity from Dayton, Ohio USA.
Delivery Issues
We are not responsible for the shipping carriers and acts of God. Should you receive a damaged item during shipping please contact us as soon as possible. All packages will have a tracking number. If the postal carrier shows the item marked as delivered, the package is your responsibility. We are not responsible for packages once they are marked as delivered.
Returns
Order Cancellations
We try to process orders as quickly as possible; therefore, it may be impossible to cancel your order. Processed orders cannot be cancelled, and you will need to look at our return policy. You must call us to attempt to cancel your order. It cannot be done through email.
Return Policy
Special and custom orders are non-returnable.
Orders may be returned within 10 days of receipt and you must notify us before return. Shipping charges are not refundable. All returned merchandise must be in new condition.
Products that have been installed or modified will not be accepted. Merchandise must be returned in its original packaging complete with all documents and pieces. Merchandise that does not meet these criteria will not be accepted for return. Unacceptable returns will be sent back to the customer at the customer's expense.
Customer Error/Changed Mind - 20% restocking fee - Customer must ship the product freight prepaid in protective packaging to the address we provide. Any free shipping we paid will be deducted in addition to the restocking fee (This amount can be found on your invoice).
Our Error - See our Exchange Policy.
Defective Merchandise - See our Exchange Policy.
Exchange Policy
Special ordered items are not eligible for exchange. Orders may be exchanged within 30 days of receipt as long as you notify us in advance. Products that have been damaged or modified will not be accepted. Merchandise must be returned to us in its original packaging complete with all documents and pieces. Merchandise that does not meet these criteria will not be accepted for exchange.
Customer Error/Changed Mind - This is considered a return. You will need to place a new order for other items that you might want. See our Return Policy.
Our Error - We will pay to ship the original product to back to our warehouse, and we'll ship the correct product at our expense.
Defective Merchandise - Each situation is a little different, and we will work with you to correct your problem. Email for assistance. Call if your situation is time-sensitive.
Categories
JewelryInsigniaCustomized ProductsCustom Made Products