http://www.ntecusa.com/privacy
Create Account
Login
Test Equipment
Popular Categories
Multimeters
Network Analyzers
Oscilloscopes
Power Supplies
Signal Generators
Spectrum Analyzers
Popular Manufacturers
Keysight Technologies
Tektronix
Tektronix Encore
Fluke
Anritsu
Rohde and Schwarz
Sorensen
New Equipment
Special Promotions on Quality Refurbished Test Equipment
Services
Sales Programs
Rental Programs
Repair & Calibration Services
Microwave Component Repair
Create Service Order
Lookup Service Order Status
About
About Us
ISO 17025 Accreditation
Employment Opportunities
News & Press Releases
Privacy Policy
Ethics & Environmental Policy
Frequently Asked Questions
Request a Quote
Contact
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy & Terms of Usage
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for National Test Equipment, Inc., a California corporation at www.nationaltestequipment.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website, except where stated otherwise. This privacy notice will notify you of the following:
What information we collect
With whom it is shared
How it can be corrected
How it is secured
How policy changes will be communicated
How you may address concerns over alleged misuse of personal data.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
National Test Equipment, Inc
are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell, trade, barter, lease or rent this information to any person or entity.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason(s) you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g., to ship an order. However, please note that there exists, certain situations where this information may be disclosed, but only by way of a court or administrative government order, for which those situations are governed by the laws of the United States of America, or any state or territory with appropriate jurisdiction.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number provided on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Viewing or removing your information
You may view your information on our website by logging in and viewing your profile. You can also request printed documentation of your information, or request to be removed from our database by emailing us or by writing to us at:
National Test Equipment, Inc.
ATTN: Info Request
1935 Plaza Real
Oceanside, CA 92056
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (e.g, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Notification of Changes
Whenever material changes are made to this policy a revised privacy policy will be placed on this website.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately using the contact information provided on this website.
Usage Agreement
By submitting data on this site you are agreeing to the terms and conditions of National Test Equipment, Inc. and therefore understand and accept our privacy policy.
Login to National Test Equipment
×
Forgot Password
Register New Account
Cancel
Login