https://www.leerinc.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy describes information Leer, Inc., its divisions, subsidiaries, and affiliates (the “Company”) collect about visitors to the sites to which this privacy policy is applicable (collectively, the “Web Sites”), how the Company uses this information, and other related matters. This policy applies exclusively to the information the Company collects via the Web Sites and does not apply to any information the Company may collect in any other manner.
The Company has a number of divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates that operate individual web sites. This privacy policy applies to the web sites that link to it, including, but not limited to the following:
Dexter Apache
Dexter Laundry
Dexter Financial
Apache Stainless
Crystal Group
Dalton Ag Products
By using the Web Sites, you agree to the collection and use of information by the Company in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Web Sites. The data collected on the Web Sites belong exclusively to the Company, and the Company is solely responsible for creating and maintaining this policy. If you have any questions or comments, you can reach us at info@leerinc.com or at Leer, Inc., 206 Leer Street, New Lisbon, WI 53950.
The Web Sites are controlled by the Company from offices within the United States. The Company makes no representation that content or materials in the Web Sites are appropriate or available for use in other jurisdictions. The information you submit to the Company through the Web Sites will be stored and processed in the United States. If you are not located in the United States, by submitting personal information to the Company, you consent to the transfer of information outside of your country. If you choose to access the Web Sites from other jurisdictions, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. Any claims relating to the Web Sites or the content and materials shall be governed by the laws of the State of Iowa in the United States, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws.
Information We Collect
“Personally identifiable information” refers to information that directly identifies you, such as your name, postal address, telephone number and e-mail address. The Company collects personally identifiable information when provided by you in online forms or registration forms, in order to respond to inquiries for information about the Company.
“Non-personally identifiable information” refers to information that does not identify you but which can be used to track certain Internet conduct. For instance, your computer’s IP address, your web browser’s identity, and what pages of the Site you visit may all be used to collect information about how the Site is used without identifying your name or other personally identifiable information. The Company may collect non-personally identifiable information from you by “passive” means, often through the use of cookies.
Non-personally identifiable information is collected through a variety of methods including the use of cookies. A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier, that is sent to your browser from a web site’s computers and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard. You can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse to accept cookies, but if you do so, it is possible that some areas of web sites that use cookies will not function properly when you view them.
It is possible to link non-personally identifiable information to individual names, but the Company does not do so except as may be necessary to investigate illegal conduct or any unreasonable conduct in connection with the use of the Web Sites, violations of the Terms and Conditions governing this Site, to comply with legal process (e.g., subpoenas), and to assist law enforcement agencies, or as otherwise required by law.
When a user performs a search within the Web Sites, the Company may record information identifying the user or linking the user to the search performed. The Company may also record limited information associated with search requests made by a user and use that information to, among other things, solve technical problems with the Web Sites and to calculate overall usage statistics.
How We Use This Information
Personally identifiable information
The Company may collect your personally identifiable information and use it to send you information about the Company, to send you advertising and sales materials about the Company, and to contact you when necessary. The Company may share your information within its divisions, subsidiaries, and affiliates, at its discretion. The Company may also share your personal information with any other party, including third parties, for any reason, including but not limited to advertising and marketing purposes. The Company may share this information with third parties that help the Company with fulfillment of site administration. In addition, the Company reserves the right to use both your personally identifiable information and your non-personally identifiable information in order to investigate illegal conduct or any unreasonable conduct in connection with the use of the Web Sites, to comply with legal process (e.g., subpoenas), and to assist law enforcement agencies, or as otherwise required by law.
Non-personally identifiable information
The Company may track non-personally identifiable information for internal purposes and to help the Company interact with visitors to the Site. The Company may also share non-personally identifiable information in aggregate form with third parties to illustrate trends and patterns.
If you place an order through the Web Sites, we may hire other companies to provide administrative, fulfillment, and/or other services on our behalf, including packaging, mailing and/or delivery. We may provide the information you submit to those companies to provide the services we requested.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
The Company reserves the right to change the terms of this Privacy Policy, and you should check this page at regular intervals to see whether the terms of this Privacy Policy have changed. Your continued use of the Web Sites following any changes to the Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such changes.
Links / Security / Under 18
The Web Sites may contain links to other sites run by third parties unaffiliated with the Company. The Company is not responsible for the information collection practices or the content of the sites to which the Company links. We take reasonable steps to protect the integrity of the information you send to us. Unfortunately, no transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. We do not knowingly or intentionally collect any personal information from, or market to individuals, under the age of 18. If a child you know of has provided us with personally identifiable information, please contact us immediately so that we may identify the information that needs to be removed.
Problems or Complaints
If you believe that there has been a violation of the terms of this policy, please contact us at info@leerinc.com. We will investigate, take appropriate action, and report back to you within a reasonable period of time.
800-766-5337
Subscribe to Newsletter
Contact Us
ABOUT US
Careers
Why Leer
Construction Portfolio
Menu
Careers
Why Leer
Construction Portfolio
OUR PROMISE
Play Video
We’re With YouEvery Degree of the Way
Copyright © 2020 – Leer Inc.
Terms Of Service
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Menu
Terms Of Service
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Do NOT follow this link or you will be banned from the site!
Contact Leer
Leer Inc.
206 Leer Street
New Lisbon, WI 53950
800-766-5337
Whether you're sitting in the waiting room of your dentist and just want someone to talk to or you have a question regarding one of our products, we welcome you to contact us! We're with you every degree of the way and want to help out any way we can. Feel free to give us a call or fill out the form below!
Thanks for submitting your info below. Leer respects your privacy and will never sell or share your information. We'll add you to our monthly educational newsletter, which you can unsubscribe to at any time.
First Name*
Last Name
Email Address*
Phone
Company / Organization
Product Inquiring About*
Ice Merchandisers
Ice Vending Machines
Refrigerated Transports & Truck Bodies
Refrigerated Reach-In Storage
Walks-Ins
OEM
Parts
How Can We Help?
Please Verify*
Submit Question!