http://www.int-comp.org/privacy-policy/
20853
50495
50507
Privacy Policy
ABOUT THIS NOTICE
The International Compliance Association Limited by guarantee (“ICA”), part of Wilmington plc is the not-for-profit professional awarding and membership body which, alongside the quality assurance partner Alliance Manchester Business School, awards the professional qualifications.
ICA Commercial Services Ltd., part of Wilmington plc is the team that creates and delivers the content and training that leads to the award of the qualification. This also includes learning consultancy and non-certificated learning solutions.
Both companies are committed to protecting the privacy and security of your personal information. This privacy notice describes how we collect and use personal information about you in accordance with data protection law. Please read it carefully.
Data protection law says that the personal information we hold about you must be:
Used lawfully, fairly and in a transparent way.
Collected only for valid purposes that we have clearly explained to you and not used in any way that is incompatible with those purposes.
Relevant to the purposes we have told you about and limited only to those purposes.
Accurate and kept up to date.
Kept only as long as necessary for the purposes we have told you about.
Kept securely
If you have any questions about this notice or how we collect and use personal information about you please contact us at:
For members: membership@int-comp.orgFor students: studentservices@int-comp.org
1	INFORMATION ABOUT US
1.1 We are International Compliance Association Limited by guarantee (registered company number: 04429302) and ICA Commercial Services Ltd. (registered company number: 04363296). Both registered offices are: 5th Floor, Whitechapel Building, 10 Whitechapel High Street, London E1 8QS.
1.2 If you have any questions, our contact details are:
1.2.1 Wrens Court, 52-54 Victoria Road, Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands B72 1SX1.2.2 0121 362 77471.2.3 membership@int-comp.org or studentservices@int-comp.org
1.3 We also have a dedicated Data Protection Officer, who is responsible for data compliance issues. Their contact details are below:
1.3.1 020 7324 23461.3.2 dataprotection@wilmingtonplc.com
2	CONTRACT INFORMATION AND OTHER CORRESPONDENCE
2.1 When you enter into a contract with us (or someone does so on your behalf) there will be personal information about you relating to that contract such as your name, contact details, contract details, delivery details, and correspondence with us about the contract.
2.2 We need certain information to carry out our contract with you and you must provide this in order to enter into a contract with us (or as required under that contract), if you do not, we may not be able to carry out our contract with you. Mandatory information fields are generally set out when you are entering into the contract, but in particular, you must provide the following information:2.2.1 Your name and contact details.2.2.2 Your delivery address.2.2.3 Your payment details.2.2.4 Information to verify your identity and other information for us to carry out anti money laundering checks.2.2.5 Name and contact details of individual consumers of our products covered by the contract.
2.3 Other correspondence or interaction (for example by email, telephone, post, SMS or via our website) between you and us, will include personal information (such as names and contact details) in that correspondence. This may include enquiries, reviews, follow-up comments or complaints lodged by or against you and disputes with you or your organisation.
2.4 Call information. We may also collect details of phone numbers used to call our organisation and the date, time and duration of any calls. Please note that we may record your calls to or from us for quality and training purposes.
2.5 We will keep and use that information to carry out our contract with you (if applicable), to comply with any legal requirements for us to maintain certain records or carry out certain verifications, and/or for our legitimate interests in dealing with a complaint or enquiry and administering your (or your organisation’s) account or order and any services we offer, as well as to review and improve our offerings, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes.
2.6 If you work for one of our customers, suppliers or business partners, the information we collect about you may include your contact information, details of your employment and our relationship with you. This information may be collected directly from you, or provided by your organisation. Your organisation should have informed you that your information would be provided to us, and directed you to this policy. We use this as necessary for our legitimate interests in managing our relationship with your organisation. If we have a business relationship with you or your organisation, we may receive information about you from your organisation.
2.7 Where your information relates to a contract, it is kept for a period of up to 7 years after your account is closed to enable us to deal with any after sales enquiries or claims and as required for tax purposes and may be stored in our archive for reference purposes for as long as our business need which we will review after 7 years it is kept for a period of up to 7 years after your account is closed to enable us to deal with any after sales enquiries or claims and as required for tax purposes.
2.8 Payment information is collected by our payment card processing provider and is retained for a period of up to 16 months after the date of the order.
3	MARKETING
3.1 We may collect your name and contact details (such as your email address, phone number or address) in order to send you information about our products and services which you might be interested in. We may collect this directly from you, or through a third party. If a third party collected your name and contact details, we will process your professional data based on legitimate interests to send you a fair processing notice and then respect any communication preferences you give us.
3.2 You always have the right to “opt out” of receiving our marketing. You can exercise the right at any time by contacting us at membership@int-comp.org. If we send you any marketing emails, we will always provide an unsubscribe option to allow you to opt out of any further marketing emails. If you “opt-out” of our marketing materials you will be added to our suppression list to ensure we do not accidentally send you further marketing. Where you unsubscribe from any postal marketing, you may initially still receive some content which has already been printed or sent, but we will remove you from any future campaigns. We may still need to contact you for administrative or operational purposes, but we will make sure that those communications don’t include direct marketing.
3.3 If you are an existing customer or are acting as a business we use your contact details as necessary for our legitimate interests in marketing to you and maintaining a list of potential customers.
3.4 If you are not an existing customer, and are not acting as a business, we will only contact you for marketing purposes with your consent (whether we have collected your details directly from you, or through a third party) or following an action from yourself to download our materials or contact us about our products.
3.5 We won't share your name or contact details with third parties for marketing purposes, unless we ask for your consent first. We do use third party service providers to send out our marketing, but we only allow them to use that information on our instructions and where they have agreed to treat the information confidentially and to keep it secure.
3.6 We retain your details on our marketing list until you “opt-out” at which point we add you to our suppression list. We keep that suppression list indefinitely to comply with our legal obligations to ensure we don’t accidentally send you any more marketing.
4	WEBSITE INFORMATION
4.1 We may collect information about you and your use of our website via technical means such as cookies, webpage counters and other analytics tools. We use this as necessary for our legitimate interests in administering our website and to ensure it operates effectively and securely.
4.2 For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie Notice at www.int-comp.org/cookie-policy
4.3 We keep this website information about you from when it is collected until the relevant cookie expires.
4.4 Our website may, from time to time, contain links to third party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
4.5 Our website contains contact forms where you provide your personal data in order to download content or raise queries with us. We keep this data in our web database for one month.
5	CONTENT
5.1 This is information about you which you provide when you post content on our website. This may include reviews, photographs, videos and other content which you post on our website.
5.2 We may display and publish this information on our platforms as part of our contract with you or as necessary for our legitimate interests in providing content to our users.
5.3 This information is kept for as long as you have an account with us and may be retained and displayed indefinitely after you close your account. We are able to remove or delete any content which you post at any time on your request.
5.4 You may add information on your CPD training activities on our website. This information will not be published and is only accessible by you, your training manager if a corporate subscription and us for audit purposes.
6 STUDENT INFORMATION
6.1         If you undertake one of our qualifications programmes, the information we hold on you may include your contact information, your level of qualification and date of completion.
6.2         We keep this information indefinitely for verification purposes.
6.3         For some qualification levels applications, we require candidates to provide a CV and we keep this information on file for the duration of your studies with us.
7	INFORMATION COLLECTED AT OUR PREMISES
7.1 Visitor information. We collect information about visitors to our premises. We may record information on your visit, including the date and time, who you are visiting, your name, employer, contact details and vehicle registration number. If you have an accident at our premises, this may include an account of your accident.
7.2 CCTV. We, or our building management company, may operate CCTV at our premises which may record you and your activities. We display notices to make it clear what areas are subject to surveillance. We only release footage following a warrant or formal request from law enforcement, or as necessary in relation to disputes.
7.3 We use this information as necessary for our legitimate interests in administering your visit, ensuring site security and visitor safety, and administering parking.
7.4 Visitor information is kept for a period of up to 3 months. If you have an accident on our premises, our accident records are retained for a period of up to 3 years
7.5 CCTV recordings may be kept for a period of up to 35 days (unless there an incident occurs and it is necessary for us to keep recordings for longer to properly deal with it).
8	JOB APPLICANTS
8.1 We will collect and hold information on job applicants, including information you provide to us in your application, or provided to us by recruitment agencies, as well as information on you from any referees you provide.
8.2 We use this as necessary to enter into an employment contract with you, and for our legitimate interests in evaluating candidates and recording our recruitment activities, and as necessary to exercise and perform our employment law obligations and rights.
8.3 If you are successful in your application, your information will be used and kept in accordance with our internal privacy notice. If you currently work for us, or used to work for us, you can request a copy of this from us. If you are not successful in your application, your information will be held for up to 6 months after the relevant round of recruitment has finished.
8.4 You must provide certain information (such as your name, contact details, professional and educational history) for us to consider your application fully. If you have not provided all of this information, we may contact you to ask for it. If you do not wish to provide this information, we may not be able to properly consider your application.
8.5 If you are listed as a referee by an applicant, we will hold your name, contact details, professional information about you (such as your employer and job title) and details of your relationship with the applicant. We will use this information as necessary for our legitimate interests in evaluating candidates and as necessary to exercise and perform our employment law obligations and rights. Your information will be kept alongside the applicant’s information.
8.6 If you are listed as an emergency contact by someone who works for us, we will hold your name, contact details and details of your relationship with that worker. We will use this to contact you as necessary to carry out our obligations under employment law, to protect the vital interests of that worker, and for our legitimate interests in administering our relationship with that worker. Your information will be kept until it is updated by that worker, or we no longer need to contact that worker after they have stopped working for us.
9	LEGAL CLAIMS
9.1 Where we consider there to be a risk that we may need to defend or bring legal claims, we may retain your personal information as necessary for our legitimate interests in ensuring that we can properly bring or defend legal claims. We may also need to share this information with our insurers or legal advisers. How long we keep this information for will depend on the nature of the claim and how long we consider there to be a risk that we will need to defend or bring a claim.
10	INFORMATION WE RECEIVE FROM THIRD PARTIES
10.1 We may also receive information about you from the following sources:
10.1.1 Our service providers. We work closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers and credit reference agencies) who may provide us with information about you, to be used as set out above.
10.1.2 Businesses we have bought. If we have acquired another business, or substantially all of its assets, which originally held your information, we will hold and use the information you provided to them, or which they otherwise held about you, in accordance with this privacy notice.
10.1.3 Our other channels. This is information we receive about you if you use any of the other websites we, our group companies or our partners operate, or the other services or products we provide. In this case we will have informed you when we collected that data if we intend to share those data internally and combine it with data collected on this website. We will also have told you for what purpose we will share and combine your data. If you have filled in an online survey for our benefit then we may keep this data for up to two years.
10.1.4 Publicly available sources. We obtain information from the following publicly available sources: your employer website, your regulatory body, Companies House or LinkedIn.
10.1.5 Credit information. We may also collect credit information on you from third party reference agencies.
11	SPECIAL CATEGORIES OF DATA
11.1 We may also collect and use the following “special categories” of more sensitive personal information in the following situations:
11.1.1 Information you provide about your dietary requirements in the booking process for an event may contain reference to religion but are only stored for the purpose of providing appropriate food and beverage.
11.1.2 Information you provide about your health, including any medical condition, health and sickness records for the purposes of ensuring access at any of our events or deferring any element of our accredited qualification.
11.2 Where we collect “special categories” of particularly sensitive personal information this information requires higher levels of protection and by law we need to have further justification for collecting, storing and using this type of personal information. We may process special categories of personal information in the following circumstances:
11.2.1 In limited circumstances, when you have provided the data.
11.3 Where we collect “special categories” of medical information, we retain this for one month.
12	WHY ELSE DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
12.1 Common uses of your information. We will only use your personal information when the law allows us to do so. Although in limited circumstances we may use your information because you have specifically consented to it, we generally use your information in the ways set out in this notice because:
12.1.1 we need to perform a contract we have entered into with you.
12.1.2 we need to comply with a legal obligation.
12.1.3 it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and rights do not override those interests.
12.1.4 we need to protect your interests (or someone else’s interests) or where it is needed in the public interest (although these circumstances are likely to be rare).
12.2 Change of purpose. We will only use your personal information for the purposes for which we collected it as set out in this notice, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
13	SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
As well as any sharing listed above, we may also share your information with third parties, including third-party service providers and other entities in our group. Third parties are required to respect the security of your personal information and to treat it in accordance with the law. We never sell your data to third parties.
13.1 Why might we share your personal information with third parties?We may share your personal information with third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our agreements with you, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our customers, or others or where we have another legitimate interest in doing so. This may include exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Where we run events in conjunction with a partner organisation we may share your data with that organisation - we will always inform you of data sharing activities.
13.2 Which third-party service providers process your personal information?
13.3 We also may need to share your personal information for third-party service providers (including contractors and designated agents) so that they can carry out their services.
13.4 The following activities are carried out by third-party service providers: accreditation partners for qualifications, administration, affiliates and bookings partners, CRM system, email marketing system, event administration and management, event technology systems, event venues, feedback and review platforms, IT services, legal advice, learning management systems, printers and mailing houses, payment processing systems and direct debit systems, quality assurance consultants, trainers and speakers at events, training partners, recruitment agencies and webinar platforms.
13.5 When might we share your personal information with other entities in the group?
13.6 We may share your personal information with other entities in our group in our shared CRM, email marketing and finance systems, as part of our regular reporting activities on company performance, in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise, and for system maintenance support and hosting of data.
13.7 How secure is your information with third-party service providers and other entities in our group?All our third-party service providers and other entities in the group are required to take appropriate security measures to protect your personal information. Where third parties process your personal information on our behalf as “data processors” they must do so only on our instructions and where they have agreed to treat the information confidentially and to keep it secure.
13.8 What about other third parties?We may share your personal information with other third parties, for example in the context of the possible sale or restructuring of the business where necessary in connection with the purposes which your information was collected for. We may also need to share your personal information with a regulator or to otherwise comply with the law.
13.9 What about your employer?
Only if your training is provided under an ‘employer sponsored/paid for’ contract, will we share your personal information with them relating to your training and assessment.  This may include your learning platform activity; assessment results\feedback; assessment mitigating circumstances; any safeguarding issues and any course or general feedback you have provided to us.  This is necessary for the provision of the agreed service and our legal basis for this processing is legitimate interest.
14 CCPA OPT OUT
Effective January 1, 2020, under the California Consumer Privacy Act, California residents may opt out of the sale of their personal information. If you are a California resident, you may opt out by filling out the form below.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information (California Residents)
Requests must be made by or on behalf of a current resident of California.
CCPA opt out form
15	WHERE WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION
14.1 Our office headquarters are based in London and our main data centre is located in Telford, UK. However, where required to perform our contract with you or for our wider business purposes, the information that we hold about you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the UK and the EU. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the UK and EU who work for us or for one of our service providers. Our group of companies operate in the following countries: UK, Spain, France, Ireland, USA, Dubai, Singapore and Hong Kong.
14.2 We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy notice.Some countries or organisations outside of the UK and the EU which we may transfer your information to will have an “adequacy decision” in place, meaning the EU considers them to have an adequate data protection regime in place. These are set out on the European Commission website: https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/adequacy-protection-personal-data-non-eu-countries_en.
14.3 If we transfer data to countries or organisations outside of the UK and the EU which the EU does not consider to have an adequate data protection regime in place, we will ensure that appropriate safeguards (for example, model clauses approved by the EU or a data protection authority) are put in place where required. To obtain more details of these safeguards, please contact us.
16 DATA SECURITY
15.1 As well as the measures set out above in relation to sharing of your information, we have put in place appropriate internal security measures to prevent your personal information from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal information to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal information on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
15.2 We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected data security breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach where necessary.
17	HOW LONG WILL WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION FOR?
16.1 We have set out above indications of how long we generally keep your information. In some circumstances, it may be necessary to keep your information for longer than that in order to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
16.2 To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process your personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
16.3 In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal information so that it can no longer be associated with you, in which case we may use such information without further notice to you.
18	YOUR RIGHTS
17.1 Data protection law gives you a number of rights when it comes to personal information we hold about you. The key rights are set out below. More information about your rights can be obtained from the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). Under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to:
17.1.1 Be informed in a clear, transparent and easily understandable way about how we use your personal information and about your rights. This is why we are providing you with the information in this notice. If you require any further information about how we use your personal information, please let us know.
17.1.2 Request access to your personal information (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
17.1.3 Request correction of the personal information that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
17.1.4 Request erasure of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal information where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it (for instance, we may need to continue using your personal data to comply with our legal obligations). You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal information where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
17.1.5 Object to processing of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to us using your information on this basis and we do not have a compelling legitimate basis for doing so which overrides your rights, interests and freedoms (for instance, we may need it to defend a legal claim). You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
17.1.6 Request the restriction of processing of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal information about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
17.1.7 Request the transfer of your personal information to another party where you provided it to us and we are using it based on your consent, or to carry out a contract with you, and we process it using automated means.
17.1.8 Withdraw consent. In the limited circumstances where we are relying on your consent (as opposed to the other bases set out above) to the collection, processing and transfer of your personal information for a specific purpose, you have the right to withdraw your consent for that specific processing at any time. Once we have received notification that you have withdrawn your consent, we will no longer process your information for the purpose or purposes you originally agreed to, unless we have another legitimate interest in doing so.
17.1.9 Lodge a complaint. If you think that we are using your information in a way which breaches data protection law, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your national data protection supervisory authority (if you are in the UK, this will be the ICO).If you want to review, verify, correct or request erasure of your personal information, object to the processing of your personal information, withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal information or request that we transfer a copy of your personal information to another party, please contact us at membership@int-comp.org.
17.2 No fee usually required. You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal information (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request for access is clearly unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances.
17.3 What we may need from you. We may need to request specific information from you to help us understand the nature of your request, to confirm your identity and ensure your right to access the information (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is another appropriate security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
17.4 Timescale. Please consider your request responsibly before submitting it. We will respond to your request as soon as we can. Generally, this will be within one month from when we receive your request but, if the request is going to take longer to deal with, we will let you know.
19 CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
Date last updated: 9 October 2020
Any changes we make to our privacy notice in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail or otherwise. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy notice.
Back
Trustpilot
Help and support
Frequently asked questions
How can I convince my employer to pay for the course?
I am funding my qualification myself, do I have to pay the full fee upfront?
How can I pay for my course?
View all
Alternatively contact us on: +44(0)121 362 7534 / studentservices@int-comp.org (Qualifications)
or +44(0)121 362 7747 / membership@int-comp.org (Membership)
or +44(0)121 362 7657 / assessment@int-comp.org (Assessment)
or +44 (0) 121 362 7503 / epa@int-comp.org (End Point Assessment)
Leave feedback
ISO 9001: FS 702174
ISO 27001: IS 702170
© International Compliance Association I Company registration 04429302 I Registered office 5th Floor, 10 Whitechapel High Street, London, E1 8QS, United Kingdom
Resources
Become a Member
Help & Support
Assessment Guidelines
Reference Requests and Proof of Study
Replacement Certificates
Academic Transcripts
Complaints Form
Quick Links
What is Compliance?
What is Money Laundering?
What is Financial Crime?
Conformity Audit
ICA Information
About Us
ICA Code of Conduct
ICA Quality Policy
Information Security Policy
Meet the Team
Meet Our Tutors
ICA International Advisory Board
ICA Approved Training Providers
ICA Partners
Sponsorship
Governance
Occupational Standards
Press Room
Contact Us
Legal Information
Terms of Business
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Modern Slavery Act Transparency Statement
Using Zoom for Virtual Classrooms
Download ICA Qualifications Brochure
This brochure is perfect if you're interested in studying with the ICA but would like more information about our qualifications.
Download Brochure
Sign up to the ICA Mailing List
Be the first to know when new content or events are added.
Sign up here
Login
Email / CON ID
Password
Sign in
Forgotten password
Or click below to go your Learning Platform
Learning Platform
Search training and qualifications
You have been directed here from the International Compliance Training website, because we have merged these websites to give you a better customer experience. Everything you need, including access to your learning platform, is now on this website.
Proceed.