http://www.lakesideservice.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Lakeside Service Co Inc collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the https://www.lakesideservice.com/ website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Lakeside Service Co Inc.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, subscribe to the newsletter, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, phone number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Lakeside Service Co Inc may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may use third-party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
Lakeside Service Co Inc has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Lakeside Service Co Inc
4367 South Old US Highway 23 Brighton, MI 48114
810-355-2630
Contact Us
***
What Time Of Day Is Best For You?*--Early MorningMorningNoonAfternoonEveningDoesn't Matter*How Can We Help You?*--Installation or ReplacementRepairMaintenanceGeneral QuestionTestimonialVirtual Air Quality EstimateOther
Review Us
Servicing All Makes & Models
Service Areas Livingston County, Novi, and Ann Arbor.
Our Clients Say It All For Us.
Read More Customer Reviews Leave Us One
With Quality & Integrity Since 1983
© 2020 Lakeside Service Co Inc
mta360
A Notice Regarding COVID-19 from Lakeside Service Co. Inc.
Our main priority is the safety, health and well-being of our clients, employees, and their families.
Since our service falls under the CISA guidelines for essential services under the public works section, we are open to provide emergency service. Please read below so that we can all work together in a safe and appropriate form while we are under this executive order to stay home and stay safe.
We have been closely monitoring the news about Coronavirus (COVID-19) since it was first reported. With the increasing number of cases of the Coronavirus being reported across Michigan, Lakeside Service Co Inc. is taking extra measures in protecting our customers and our staff.
We have implemented a daily screening process that is starting March 27th in compliance with the Washtenaw County Health Department procedure for businesses remaining open under the executive order 2020-21. This screening includes a temperature reading with a non-contact thermometer.
The following is our current available services:
SERVICE: Our service team is available for 24-hour service. Maintaining the function of residences falls under Essential Services in the public works section of the CISA guidelines. We do ask that you call us for services that NEED to be taken care of. If it is not essential to the operation of your home, please wait until the executive order to Stay Home, Stay Safe has been lifted. But if you need us, we are here to help, and our technicians are following strict protocols to sanitize their workspace. They are wearing clean protective gear including respirators and latex gloves. They are spraying a bleach solution to the interior of their vehicles, and tablets daily, and maintaining social distancing
INSTALL: Our installation teams are available for equipment installations. Maintaining the function of residences falls under Essential Services in the public works section of the CISA guidelines. We do ask that you call us for installations that NEED to be taken care of. If you need us we are here to help, and our installers are following strict protocols to sanitize their work space. They are wearing clean protective gear including respirators and latex gloves.
OVER THE COUNTER PARTS: Currently our parts counter and office are not open for walk in traffic. You can call in for a part and we will take payment over the phone and we will bring your part out to your car for curbside service.
OFFICE: If you need to talk to any of our administrative staff, please call. Our office is not open to walk-ins, but we can assist you over the phone.
PLEASE STAY SAFE
Thank you. From the Boylan family and Lakeside Service Co Inc.
To read more about the measures that we have already implemented for your safety and ours, you can view the PDF at the link available below.
Lakeside COVID-19 Guidelines
Close this Alert