http://www.grays-hockey.co.uk/policies/terms-of-service
Skip to content
We use cookies on our websites. You can manage this via your browser setting at any time. To learn more, please see our cookie policy Read More
Refer a friend and earn £10 when the place an order -
Does your club need new kit? - Then look no further than Grays Read more
Need help?
Contact Us
Delivery & Returns
Account
View Basket
Checkout
0 items | £0.00
HOCKEY STICKSComposite Sticks
KN – Kinetic
GR – Graphene
GX – Composite
Goalie Sticks
GTI Indoor
Hockey Stick Buying Guide
StickWizard
Stick Shapes
Probow
Jumbow
Dynabow
Midbow
Ultrabow
All Junior Sticks
All Indoor Sticks
Wooden Sticks
Outdoor
Indoor
Junior Outdoor
Junior Indoor
Gift Card
PROTECTIONGloves
All Gloves
Junior Gloves
Palmless Gloves
Short Corner Gloves
Indoor Gloves
Gloves - under £15
Shinguards
All Shinguards
Junior Shinguards
Shinliners
Mouthguards / Facemasks
Mouthguards
Facemasks
BAGSBags
Backpacks & Holdalls
Stick Bags
Compact Kitbags
Large Kitbags
Sticksack & Ball Bags
Shop by price
Hockey Bags - under £40
Hockey Bags - over £40
All Hockey Bags
Gift Cards
SHOESHockey Shoes
Adult Hockey Shoes
Junior Hockey Shoes
Mini Hockey Shoes
Gift Cards
Shop By Price
Shoes - under £50
Shoes - over £50
Raid - coming soon
Burner
Flight
Flash 2.0
BALLSHockey Balls
All Hockey Balls
Match Hockey Balls
Training Aid Balls
Emoji Hockey Balls
Shop by Price
Hockey Balls - under £6
Hockey Balls - over £6
CLOTHINGClothing
Mens Clothing
Womens Clothing
Junior Clothing
Gift Cards
NEW - Bobble Hat
Baselayers - Mens
Baselayers - Womens
Socks
Teamwear
All Clothing
GOALIEGoalkeeping
MH1 Goalie Equipment
MH1 Goalie Sticks
G600 Helmet
Nitro Goalie
G100 Goalie Set - Senior
Goalie Smocks
All Goalie Equipment
All Goalie Sticks
All Goalie Bags
Junior Goalie Sets
G100 Goalie Set
G90 Goalie Set
ACCESSORIESAccessories
Coaching Equipment
Cones & Markers
Fitness
Training Bibs
Water Bottles
Gift Cards
Replica Sticks
Stick Care
Umpire Cards
Whistle & Lanyard
Grips
All Grips
Chamois Overgrips
Twintex Plus
Twintex
Cushion
THE GAME
NEWS
TEAM GRAYS
Account
REWARDS: Sign Up To Earn Loyalty Points
Learn More
FREE DELIVERY FOR ALL UK ORDERS
PREPAID RETURNS
FOR ALL UK ORDERS
Terms of service
Last Updated – 11th November 2020
We value every visitor to our website, every customer that purchases from us and every person who trusts us with their personal data. These terms (together with the documents expressly referred to within them) tells you about us, the legal terms and conditions by which we sell the products listed on our website and your legal rights as a consumer. We aim to make these terms clear and easy to understand, but as with any legal document, there are some details we need to cover and we encourage you to familiarise yourself with them so that you are clear.
In these terms "we", "us" and "our" refer to Grays of Cambridge (Int) Ltd (company no. 148700). You can write to us at Station Rd, Robertsbridge, East Sussex, TN32 5DH or send e-mail to hello@grays-hockey.com. These are also the addresses to write to if you have any complaints.
"You" and "your" refer to you as the consumer or purchaser who visits us/places an order with us.
These terms will apply to any contract between us for the sale of products to you. Please read them carefully and make sure you understand them, before ordering any products from our website.
Please note that by ordering any of our products, you agree to be bound by these terms and the other documents expressly referred to within them.
Use of Our Site
Your use of our site is governed by this Terms of Website Use and Privacy Policy. Please take the time to read these, as they include important terms which apply to you.
Ordering:
We reserve the right to accept or reject any order. Orders can only be accepted via our websites if you have agreed to our Cookie Policy. Once your order is accepted by us, a contract will come in to force based on the terms and conditions set out here.
Offers:
Only one Discount or Special Offer code can be used per transaction. Items from our sales range are not eligible for further discount and cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer unless stated. Where a "Purchase and Receive a Free Product" offer is live, the Free Product must be added to the Basket before Checkout, in order to be claimed.
Should Grays of Cambridge (Int) Ltd believe, using its absolute and sole discretion, that you or anyone with access to your account:
creates multiple accounts or user profiles and/or acts in collusion with any other individual(s) who may have an account with our webshop(s) in an attempt to: a) exceed the maximum rewards bonus as part of our loyalty scheme and/or b) defraud us by means of creating multiple orders with a reward bonus
exceeds any product limit per customer or order
we reserve the right to cancel any such order, reward or loyalty bonus immediately and without notice.
Delivery & Returns:
We will try to deliver your goods as soon as practicable. During normal periods and when we have goods in stock, our aim is to deliver goods up to one week from the date of order. In busy times or if goods are still being manufactured, delivery times may be longer.
If we are out of stock of some or all of the items on your order, we reserve the right without any obligation to either refund, cancel, or redeliver some or all of your order. We may also select to fulfil your order in multiple drops if necessary or outside of our control.
If you have not received your order within the expected delivery time you should notify us. Please note that any dates quoted by us for delivery are estimates only. If we are unable to deliver your goods within 30 days of your order, you may cancel your order and get a full refund for those goods.
We will choose the appropriate method of delivery. Small items may be delivered by post, and larger order will be delivered by courier and will require signature at the time of delivery.
For international orders, please be advised that any duties and taxes that get charged by customs will need to be paid for by the recipient of the order; all international orders are shipped via courier.
When you receive the goods, you should keep all original packaging and labels until you are sure you have the right sized goods. If you need to return the goods for exchange or credit, you must complete the returns process according to the details in your order confirmation email. If the product is defective or we have made some other error, we will refund reasonable postage incurred.
You will be responsible for any damage to the goods which occur after they have been delivered to you. We therefore recommend you do not name the goods until you are sure they are what you need. We are unable to credit goods which are returned without a completed Returns form either printed or electronically. Nothing in this clause shall prejudice the Statutory rights of the customer under this agreement.
Goods can only be despatched if we have received full payment for the order.
Details of our delivery charges and methods of payment for the goods are explained in the “Billing and Delivery” stage of the checkout process.
Orders from outside the UK or EU may be subject to local import charges/taxes that are outside our control. Typically you will need to pay them to the carrier.  If you do not pay the carrier the goods will be returned to us. We will then refund you after deducting the cost of carriage incurred by us and any extra charges levied by the carrier.
We shall have no liability to you for any failure to deliver goods you have ordered, or any delay in doing so, or for any damage or defect to goods delivered, that is caused by any event or circumstance beyond our reasonable control nor for any business losses.
Our Products
The images of the products on our site are for illustrative purposes only. Although we have made every effort to display the colours accurately, we cannot guarantee that your computer's display of the colours accurately reflects the colour of the products. Your products may vary slightly from those images.
Although we have made every effort to be as accurate as possible, all sizes, weights, capacities, dimensions and measurements indicated on our site are subject to a reasonable variation.
The packaging of the products may vary from that shown on images on our site.
All products shown on our site are subject to availability and we will inform you by e-mail as soon as possible if the product you have ordered is not available.
General terms:
Every effort is made to ensure that our prices and descriptions are accurate. If an error is found and the price(s) or product(s) change, we will inform you as soon as possible and offer you the option of cancelling your order or reconfirming your order with the revised price or product. We are under no obligation to provide goods to you at an incorrect (lower) price if the pricing error is obvious and could reasonably have been recognised by you as a pricing error.
If you have purchased goods that have not been personalised, you can cancel your order for any reason and get a full refund at any time before you receive the goods, or up to 14 working days after the day you receive the goods (unless there is another returns period offered at purchase e.g Christmas). To cancel your order, you should email details to hello@grays-hockey.com.
If we have already dispatched the goods to you, you can only exercise the right to cancel your order if the goods are returned in original condition and in original packaging with original labels; we will reimburse reasonable postage costs or arrange a collection if we were at fault; we can only process a credit on receipt of the goods with a completed Returns form.
Liability
Nothing in these conditions will limit our liability in cases of fraudulent misrepresentation, negligence causing personal injury or death or defective products causing personal injury, death or damage to non-business property.
If we fail to enforce any of these conditions, that does not mean that we have waived any of our rights and we retain the right to enforce any of these conditions at any time.
Nothing in these conditions affects your statutory rights as a consumer. You may obtain information about your statutory rights from your local Trading Standards Department or Citizens Advice Bureau.
English law shall apply to these conditions.
General Data Protection (GDPR) The personal information that you provide to us will be used as per our Privacy Policy.
How to make a complaint
If you wish to make a complaint, you can do so by contacting us at: hello@grays-hockey.com.
Should you have a complaint about the goods or services you have purchased over this website and it is not resolved to your satisfaction by us, please follow the below link to the Online Dispute Resolution website which is an official website managed by the European Commission dedicated to helping consumers resolve their disputes out-of-court.
http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr
Your Recently Viewed Products
The cart is empty
Total
£0.00 GBP
Checkout Now
View Basket
Earn up to
5
POINTS PER £1!
Find out more
Are you in the right place?
Would you like to go your local website?
UK
NL
UK
NL