http://www.koppers.com/pages/privacy-policy
Our Privacy Policy has changed.You can view our new Privacy Policy here.×EnglishPortugueseSpanishChineseDanishHomePress RoomLocations WorldwideCareers at KoppersKoppersMenuAbout KoppersThe People of KoppersProducts & ServicesSustainabilityResearch & InnovationContact UsInvestor RelationsHomePress RoomLocations WorldwideCareers at KoppersLanguageEnglishPortugueseSpanishChineseDanishAbout KoppersThe People of KoppersProducts & ServicesSustainabilityResearch & InnovationContact UsInvestorRelationsAbout KoppersKoppers Corporate ValuesKoppers Locations WorldwideHow are Koppers Products Used?Doing Business With Koppers Koppers Board of DirectorsKoppers Leadership TeamKoppers Employee SpotlightsCareers at KoppersCarbon Materials & ChemicalsRailroad Products and Services Utility and Industrial ProductsKoppers Performance ChemicalsKoppers AustraliaSafety, Health and EnvironmentSafety Data SheetsKoppers Cares about CommunitiesEnvironmental Management and CertificationsProduct StewardshipSustainability Report ArchiveSustainability ReportCarbon TestingTechnical SupportKoppers White PapersKoppers Patents Carbon Materials & ChemicalsRailroad ProductsKoppers Global Technology Center Media ContactsIdentity Standards & UsageRailroad StructuresKoppers AustraliaCorporate OverviewCorporate GovernanceSEC FilingsFundamentalsStock InformationLeadershipNews ReleasesEvent CalendarInvestor FAQsE-mail AlertsRequest InformationGo Back
Privacy Policy
Home
>
Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
The protection and security of your personal data are important to Koppers.  The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to outline how we deal with any personal information you provide to us which is either collected by us through this website (www.koppers.com) (“Website”), through any other form of communication with us, Koppers group affiliates, our agents or our contractors, and/or via the services we provide to you.
Our Website has been developed and is operated by Koppers Inc. of 436 Seventh Avenue, Pittsburgh, PA USA, 15219-1800 (“Koppers”, “we”, “our” or “us”), who is the controller of your personal information processed via this Website. Koppers is a subsidiary of Koppers Holdings Inc. of the United States of America.
For users located in Australia, in addition to Koppers Inc., Koppers Carbon Materials & Chemicals Pty Ltd (“Koppers CM&C Australia”), Koppers Australia Pty Ltd (“Koppers Australia”) or Koppers Wood Products Pty Ltd (“Koppers Wood Australia”) may also collect, handle or otherwise have access to personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.  In such cases, “Koppers”, “we”, “our” or “us”, as used in this Privacy Policy, will refer to such entity that collects, handles or otherwise has access to personal information.
Please read this Privacy Policy to understand how we may collect and process your personal information.
By visiting our Website, or otherwise providing us directly or others acting on our behalf, with your personal information, you accept and consent to the practices described in this Privacy Policy and to the collection, use and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, all applicable data protection laws, including but not limited to, in Australia, the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth), as amended (including the Australian Privacy Principles) and other applicable privacy laws.
This site contains links to third party sites, which are not under our control. These sites are not governed by our Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy. Koppers disclaims all responsibility for the operation of such sites, including the information collection practices of such sites. Koppers does not monitor, review or endorse the content of third party sites linked to this site. You acknowledge that Koppers is not responsible for the accuracy, copyright compliance, or any other aspect of the content of such sites. Linking to such sites is at your own risk.
2. Collection of Your Personal Information
We may collect and process your personal information when you submit it to us in the following ways:
Communications via our Website or through other forms of communication with us: We collect personal information when you provide it to us through communications via our Website (such as, your name, email address, company name, title, and/or phone number). This includes where you have contacted us through the “Contact Us” page on our Website and similar situations in which you have chosen to provide the information to us, including for customer services support, over the phone, via email or in person.
Products or Services you request: Where you request a product or service from us, we will collect your personal information to process and/or action your request and otherwise contact you following a purchase. We may ask you to provide personal information, such as your e-mail address, name, company name, title, work address, or telephone number. In order to access some areas of the Website, you will be asked to sign in with an e-mail address and password, such as on our careers page described below.
Careers: We also collect and process your personal information if you apply to work at Koppers via our careers pages at http://www.koppers.com/pages/careers. The type of information we collect from you may include name, contact details, personal details, referrals, username and password (for creating an account) education and training details (including qualification, attendance at educational establishments and training received), and employment details (including details of previous employment roles).  Koppers may also ask questions about age, race/ethic origin, gender, military/veteran status and disability for the monitoring of equal opportunity compliance.  Koppers will use this personal information to manage your prospective employment with us, including assessing your capabilities and qualifications for employment; conducting reference checks, background checks and otherwise verifying the information you provide; communicating with you about your application, any inquiries you may have, and other opportunities to work with us; and complying with any applicable laws and regulations.  We may engage a recruiter to assist us in collecting this information from you.  If you are offered a position with Koppers, your information will be transferred to Koppers’ human resources systems for employment administrative purposes.
Using our Website:  We also collect and process information related to your use of the Website, such as your IP address, device identifiers, pages visited, pages requested, browser, browser version, operating system and platform, and dates and times our Website was used by the IP address.
Third parties: Where it is unreasonable or impracticable to collect personal information from you, we may also collect personal information from publicly available sources of information and from third parties (such as from our agents and contractors).
If you do not provide us with the personal information we have requested, we may not be able to provide you with products, services and assistance, process your application for employment with Koppers or engage you to provide services, as the case may be, to the extent that they each require us to collect, use or disclose personal information.
We do not knowingly collect or store personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 unless or except as permitted by law.  ANY PERSON WHO VISITS ANY PART OF THE WEBSITE REPRESENTS TO US THAT HE OR SHE IS 13 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER.
3. Use of Your Personal Information
We only collect and use your personal information: 1) to enable us to perform the contract entered into between you and us; 2) with your consent; 3) to ensure compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements; or 4) for the purposes of our legitimate business interests, which may include the following:
to verify your identity;
to enable us to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
to operate and improve our Website and services including making them easier to use by eliminating the need for you to repeatedly enter the same information;
to enable us to respond to an enquiry or other request you make when you contact us via our Website or through other forms of communication with us;
to provide you with more effective customer service;
to perform research and analysis aimed at improving our products, services and technologies;
to display content on our Website that is customized to your interests and preferences;
to provide you information about other products and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about as we feel may interest you, as described in the “Marketing” section below;
when you have requested to receive “E-mail Alerts” from us based on your preferences (such as, for financial reports, news alerts, end-of-day stock quote alert, SEC filings, Annual report and marketing materials); and
to enable us to consider your application to join Koppers.
4. Marketing
We may contact you to provide you with information about products and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you. You may be contacted by us, Koppers group affiliates, or by one of our selected third party vendors, in each case only where you have consented to receive these communications where such consent is required by law.
You may opt out of receiving our marketing communications at any time by contacting us at privacy@koppers.com or by using the unsubscribe link in any of our communications.
Even if you have opted-out from our marketing communications, and in accordance with applicable law, we may continue to contact you for non-marketing related purposes.
Koppers current policies do not permit the sale or transfer of consumer personal information collected by Koppers to other businesses or third parties in exchange for monetary compensation or other valuable consideration.
5. Sharing of Your Personal Information
We may share your personal information with the following third parties:
Koppers group affiliates;
our service providers that we engage to provide services for us. Where we provide your personal information to third party services providers, they are required to keep your personal information confidential and secure, and must only use your personal information as instructed by us;
a prospective seller or buyer in the event of a proposed sale or purchase of any part of our business or assets, and to any eventual buyer so that the buyer can continue to provide you with information and services; and
our distributors, business partners, or other service providers, including for marketing purposes where you have consented to receive marketing communications, if such consent is required by law, or where you have chosen to share your personal data through our Website.
We may also disclose your personal information (a) in accordance with a request made by you; (b) where required to respond to authorized requests from government authorities or where required or authorized by law; (c) where it is necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of  Koppers, our products and services and our customers, distributors or business partners including the enforcement of our agreements, this Privacy Policy or other agreements or to prevent or take action regarding illegal activities or fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or as evidence in litigation.
6. Security of Your Personal Information
Koppers takes all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that there are appropriate technical, physical and organizational security measures in place to safeguard your personal information. The security measures implemented by Koppers are reasonable and appropriate to the risks presented by the processing of your personal information, as described in this Privacy Policy. Despite this, the nature of the internet is such that we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us via the internet and any transmission is at your own risk.
If a password is used to help protect any account you hold with us, it is your responsibility to keep your password confidential. You should update your password periodically to help reduce the risk of unauthorized access to your account with us. When you do, you should strengthen your password with the combination of uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, punctuation and other symbols. Do not share this information with anyone. If you are sharing a computer with anyone you should always log out before leaving a site or service to protect access to your information from subsequent users.
We have also implemented appropriate safeguards, to protect your personal information when we transfer it to third parties, including the execution of data transfer agreements with recipients of the information. For further information please contact us using the contact details provided at the end of this Privacy Policy. We will process any request in line with any applicable laws and our policies and procedures.
7. Storing Your Personal Information
Personal information collected through our Website will be stored on servers located in the United States.
We will only store your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was lawfully collected or as required by law.   Where there is no legal requirement, we will only store your personal information for the period specified in our applicable records retention schedule, at the end of which your personal information will be deleted or destroyed in accordance with our applicable records management and retention policy.  To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
For personal information collected by Koppers CM&C Australia, Koppers Australia or Koppers Wood Australia, we will take steps that are reasonable in the circumstances to destroy or de-identify your personal information where it no longer needs the information for any purpose for which the personal information may be used or disclosed, the information is not an Australian Commonwealth record and it is not required by or under an Australian law, or a court or tribunal order, to retain that personal information.
8. Cookies
We may use cookies and other similar technologies (such as, tags) to distinguish you from other users of the Website. This helps us to provide you with a user-friendly experience when you visit the Website, and also allows us to improve the Website.  A cookie is a small text file that can be placed on your computer or other device when using the Website.
We set cookies (first party cookies) on our Website, however, where we require additional information or services, we also allow other companies to host cookies on our Website (third party cookies). These partner companies have been carefully selected by us and are required to meet contractual obligations they have with us.
(a) Cookies used on our Website
Cookies can be persistent by remaining on your computer until you delete them or be based on your browsing session where they delete once you close your browser. First party cookies are used and controlled by us to provide services on our Website.
Our use of cookies falls into three categories:
Strictly necessary cookies: these are essential in order to enable you to move around our site and use its features. Without these cookies, the services you have asked for cannot be provided.
Performance cookies: also known as “analytical” cookies. These cookies allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our site. For example, they allow us to understand which pages are visited most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. All information collected by these cookies is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
Functionality cookies: these cookies are necessary for our site to operate and allow us to remember what choices you make and provide enhanced, more personal features. The information these cookies collect may be anonymized and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
We may change our use of cookies over time, but our use of cookies will generally fall into the above categories. Please visit this page regularly so that you are aware of any changes.
Google Analytics
This Website uses Google Analytics to collect information about how users use the Website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case IP-anonymization is activated on this Website, your IP address will be partially used within the European Union or just in the European Economic Area if it is used by other parties.  Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the United States, and then shortened so it is only partially used there.
Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this Website for the purpose of analyzing your use of the Website, compiling reports on Website activity for Website operators and providing them other services relating to Website activity and internet usage. The IP address that your browser conveys within the scope of Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; please note, however, that if you do this you may not be able to use the full Website. You can also opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics in the future by downloading and installing ‘Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on’ for your current web browser: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de.
Alternatively, you can opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics in the future by clicking on the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
(b) Opting Out of Cookies
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use other interactive features of Website that depend on cookies. If you choose to accept cookies, you also have the ability to later delete cookies that you have accepted. If you choose to delete cookies, any settings and preferences controlled by those cookies will be deleted and may need to be recreated. If your browser settings are set up as ‘Do Not Track’, we will not use cookies and tracking technologies.
For more information on cookies and how they can be managed and deleted please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ or http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
9. Your Rights
You should inform us of any relevant changes in your personal information, and in accordance with any obligations we may have under applicable privacy and data protection laws, we will update or delete your personal information accordingly. To find out what personal information we hold on you or to have your personal information rectified, please send your request to privacy@koppers.com.  We will respond to requests within the time allowed by applicable law and will endeavor to respond as accurately and completely as possible.
In certain circumstances, we may not be able to provide access to certain personal information we hold about you.  If access cannot be provided, we will notify you in writing of the reasons for the refusal.
Residents of the European Economic Area (‘EEA’):  You may have the right to: (a) request access to your personal information we hold about you; (b) request we correct any inaccurate personal information we hold about you; (c) request we delete any personal information we hold about you; (d) restrict the processing of personal information we hold about you; (e) object to the processing of personal information we hold about you; and/or (f) receive any personal information we hold about you in a structured and commonly used machine-readable format or have such personal information transmitted to another company.
Residents of the State of Nevada: Nevada residents have the right to submit a verified request directing us not to sell their personal information. If you are a Nevada resident, and would like to submit such a request, please send your request to privacy@koppers.com.
Residents of the State of California:  The California Consumer Privacy Act, California Civil Code Sections 1798.100 et seq. (“CCPA”), provides residents of the State of California several rights related to the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information being collected by certain businesses. These California Privacy Rights include: rights of access and disclosure, a right to request deletion, a right to opt out of the sale of information, and a right to nondiscrimination. Businesses that collect consumers’ personal information must comply with consumers’ requests consistent with the requirements of the CCPA. Some exceptions apply, as set forth in the CCPA; if we decline to take action upon a request, we will notify you of the reasons why.  If we fulfil a request for access or disclosure of personal information, we will deliver the requested information electronically or by mail, free of charge.  We are not required to respond to a consumer request for access or disclosure of personal information more than twice in a 12-month period. The instances in which Koppers might collect the personal information of California consumers are extremely limited.  However, California consumers who believe Koppers may have collected their personal information and would like to make a request under the CCPA should use the contact information provided in Section 11 below.
We may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for security purposes before disclosing information requested to you.
To exercise any of your rights in connection with your personal information, please contact us at privacy@koppers.com. We will process any request in line with any local laws and our policies and procedures. If you are located in the EEA, you have the right to lodge a complaint about how we process your personal information with the supervisory authority in your country.  If your personal information was collected by Koppers CM&C Australia, Koppers Australia or Koppers Wood Australia, you have the right to lodge a complaint about how we process your personal information as detailed in the “Australian Complaints” section below.
10. Changes to this Privacy Policy
Please check this page periodically for changes to this Privacy Policy. If Koppers decides to modify this Privacy Policy, Koppers will notify you of such modifications by posting a prominent notice on its home page. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to this Privacy Policy.
11. Contact Us
For additional information or questions about our Privacy Policy, or about the processing of personal data, please contact privacy@koppers.com or 844-925-0895 (toll-free).
12.  Does my personal information leave Australia (for Australian Residents)
For personal information collected by Koppers CM&C Australia, Koppers Australia or Koppers Wood Australia, in the course of our ordinary business operations, we commonly disclose personal information to third parties located in the United States.
13.  Australian Complaints (for Australian Residents)
If you have any questions or concerns about Koppers CM&C Australia’s, Koppers Australia’s or Koppers Wood Australia’s collection, use or disclosure of personal information, or if you believe we have not complied with this Privacy Policy or the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth), please contact us as set out in the “Contact Us” section above.  Our Compliance Officer will investigate the complaint and determine whether a breach has occurred and what action, if any, to take.  Each of Koppers CM&C Australia, Koppers Australia and Koppers Wood Australia will take any privacy complaints seriously and will aim to resolve any such complaint in a timely and efficient manner, and our target response time is 30 days.
If you remain dissatisfied, you can also make a formal complaint with the Officer of the Australian Information Commissioner:
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC)
Complaints must be made in writing
Phone: 1300 363 992
Director of Compliance
Office of the Australian
Information Commissioner
GPO Box 5218
Sydney NSW 2001
www.oaic.gov.au
This Privacy Policy was last updated December 31, 2019.
LinkedInPrivacy PolicyContact UsTerms & ConditionsModern Slavery Transparency StatementCA Supply Chains Act© Koppers Inc.Design & Website Development: Wall-to-Wall Studios