http://www.shotbot.com/privacy-policy
ShotBOT
ShotBOT Cloud
Screencasts
Screenshots
FAQ
Menu
Privacy PolicyIntroductionLate Night Innovations, Inc. / Todd Freese ("we” or “us”) values its visitors’ privacy. This privacy policy is effective December 1, 2014; it summarizes what information we might collect from a registered user or other visitor (“you”), and what we will and will not do with it.Please note that this privacy policy does not govern the collection and use of information by companies that Late Night Innovations, Inc. / Todd Freese does not control, nor by individuals not employed or managed by Late Night Innovations, Inc. / Todd Freese. If you visit a web site that we mention or link to, be sure to review its privacy policy before providing the site with information.What we do with your personally identifiable informationIt is always up to you whether to disclose personally identifiable information to us, although if you elect not to do so, we reserve the right not to register you as a user or provide you with any products or services. “Personally identifiable information” means information that can be used to identify you as an individual, such as, for example:your name, company, email address, phone number,  addressyour ShotBOT user name and passwordany account-preference information you provide usyour computer’s domain name and IP address, indicating where your computer is located on the Internetsession data for your login session, so that our computer can ‘talk’ to yours while you are logged inIf you do provide personally identifiable information to us, either directly or through a reseller or other business partner, we will:not sell or rent it to a third party without your permission — although unless you opt out (see below), we may use your contact information to provide you with information we believe you need to know or may find useful, such as (for example) news about our services and products and modifications to the Terms of Service;take commercially reasonable precautions to protect the information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction;not use or disclose the information except:as necessary to provide services or products you have ordered, such as (for example) by providing it to a carrier to deliver products you have ordered;in other ways described in this privacy policy or to which you have otherwise consented;in the aggregate with other information in such a way so that your identity cannot reasonably be determined (for example, statistical compilations);as required by law, for example, in response to a subpoena or search warrant;to outside auditors who have agreed to keep the information confidential;to a successor organization in the event of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, or other sale or disposition of all or a portion of Late Night Innovations, Inc. / Todd Freese’s assets. The successor organization’s use and disclosure of your personally-identifiable information will continue to be subject to this privacy policy unless (i) a court orders otherwise, for example a bankruptcy court; or (ii) the successor organization gives you notice that your personally-identifiable information will be subject to the successor organization’s own privacy policy, along with an opportunity for you to opt out (which may cause you not to be able to continue to use ShotBOT). If you submit personally-identifiable information after such a transfer, that information may be subject to the successor entity’s privacy policy;as necessary to enforce the Terms of Service;as necessary to protect the rights, safety, or property of Late Night Innovations, Inc. / Todd Freese, its users, or others; this may include (for example) exchanging information with other organizations for fraud protection and/or risk reduction.Other information we collectWe may collect other information that cannot be used to identify you. This analytic data consists of how many times you use the app, which features you use or don't use, and IP information so we know where our customers are. We also track device model information to aid in testing across multiple device types. We may use this information, individually or in the aggregate, for technical administration of our Web site(s); research and development; customer and account administration; and to help us focus our marketing efforts more precisely. CookiesLate Night Innovations, Inc. / Todd Freese does NOT uses “cookies” to store personal data on your computer.External data storage sitesWe may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.Your privacy responsibilitiesTo help protect your privacy, be sure:not to share your user ID or password with anyone else;to take customary precautions to guard against “malware” (viruses, Trojan horses, bots, etc.), for example by installing and updating suitable anti-virus software. Notice to European Union usersLate Night Innovations, Inc. / Todd Freese’s operations are located primarily in the United States. If you provide information to us, the information will be transferred out of the European Union (EU) to the United States. By providing personal information to us, you are consenting to its storage and use as described herein. Information collected from childrenYou must be at least 13 years old to use Late Night Innovations, Inc. / Todd Freese’s Web site(s), product(s) and service(s). Late Night Innovations, Inc. / Todd Freese does not knowingly collect information from children under 13. (See the [U.S.] Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act.)Questions or comments?If you have questions or comments about Late Night Innovations, Inc. / Todd Freese’s privacy policy contact us via any of the ways described on the Contact Us page.Thank you for choosing Late Night Innovations, Inc. / Todd Freese!