https://www.qualitysolutions.com/terms-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
Quality Solutions
2014-05-13T19:01:11+00:00
Terms and Conditions
1. Introduction: qualitysolutions.com (“this website”) is owned and operated by the Quality Solutions Inc. “we”, “us”, “our”). These terms of use constitute an agreement made between the website user (“you”, “your”) and us. You must not access or use this website unless you accept all of these terms of use. By accessing and using this website you confirm your acceptance of these terms of use.
2. Changes: We reserve the right to change these terms of use from time to time by publishing the changed terms of use on this website. You agree to review these terms of use periodically to be aware of such changes. You’re continuing to access or use of this website following such publication shall be deemed your conclusive acceptance of these terms of use, as revised. We reserve the right to add, modify, or remove this website or any information, feature, specification, or other part of this website (at any time and without notice to you).
3. Your privacy: Where we collect your personal information as a result of your accessing and using this website, our privacy policy will apply to that information. Accordingly, these terms of use must be read in conjunction with our privacy policy.
4. Our intellectual property: The entire contents of this website are protected by copyright and other laws of United States, and under similar laws and international conventions abroad. You acknowledge and agree that all copyright and other intellectual property rights that may subsist in this website including text, illustrations, photographs, video, music, sounds, layout, designs, source code, belong to us or to our licensors (together, “our intellectual property”). We value our intellectual property and will vigorously enforce those rights to the fullest extent permitted by law.
5. Limited permission to use: You may view, download, or print portions of this website (and you may otherwise use the permitted functionality of this website) solely for your own personal, non-commercial use provided that you agree not to change or delete any copyright or proprietary notices from such portions. You must not otherwise print or reproduce any part of this website for any reason except with our prior written consent in each instance. By making this website available to you, we do not give you any other right, title, interest, or license in or to any of our intellectual property.
6. Restrictions: You must not access or use this website other than in accordance with these terms of use. In the course of accessing and using this website, you must not:
Copy, distribute, resupply, republish, upload, post, transmit, sell
Disrupt or interfere with this website, or any other software,
Use simultaneous, unattended, or continuous connections to this
Send unsolicited electronic messages or to otherwise harass,
Transmit any files or material of any kind which contain a virus,
Gain, or attempt to gain, unauthorized access to any part of this prepare of derivative works from, or otherwise deal with our intellectual property except as expressly permitted under these terms of use or otherwise with our prior written consent in each instance; hardware or network associated with this website; website or otherwise use this website in a manner that adversely affects the availability of its resources to other users; threaten, abuse, embarrass, or cause distress, unwanted attention, or harm to any person; corrupted data, or other malicious code (whether via this website or in any email that you send to us);website (including any other user’s account), any other computer system, or any email or other private message not intended for you;
Infringe, or attempt to infringe, the intellectual property rights of any
Violate any laws, rules, or regulations applying to or relating to your
7. Indemnity: You will indemnify us, our officers and employees from and against all claims, demands, damages, losses, costs, and expenses arising from:
Your access to, use of, or reliance upon any part of this website;
Any breach of these terms of use by you or by any person who person; or access to or use of this website. Uses your account (regardless of whether that person has your authorization); and. your negligent or willful acts or omissions in accessing or using this
8. Availability: Your use of this website and any associated services may sometimes be subject to interruption or delay. Due to the nature of the Internet and electronic communications, we and our service providers do not make any warranty that this website or any associated services will be error free, without interruption or delay, or free from defects in design. We will not be liable for any damages or refunds should this website become interrupted or delayed for any reason.
9. Errors: While we endeavor to ensure that the content of this website is free from errors, we do not give any warranty or other assurance as to the content of material appearing on this website, its accuracy, completeness, timeliness or fitness for any particular purpose.
10. Outbound hyperlinks: This website may contain hyperlinks to third party websites (“outbound hyperlinks”). Outbound hyperlinks are provided for your convenience only and may not remain current or be maintained. We make no endorsement of, and accept no responsibility for, any content accessible through any outbound hyperlink. You are responsible for complying with any terms and conditions imposed by third party websites.
11. Inbound hyperlinks: You agree that you will not publish or distribute any hyperlinks to this website (“inbound hyperlinks”) without our prior written permission in each instance. If you do create an inbound hyperlink, you will be responsible for all losses (whether direct or indirect) that we may suffer as a result of that hyperlink. Publishing or distributing inbound hyperlinks is done at your own risk.
12. Malicious code: Although we endeavor to prevent the introduction of viruses or other malicious code (together, “malicious code”) to this website, we do not guarantee or warrant that this website, or any data available from it, does not contain malicious code. We will not be liable for any damages or harm attributable to malicious code. You are responsible for ensuring that the process that you employ for accessing this website does not expose your computer system to the risk of interference or damage from malicious code website.
13. Security: Although we endeavor to protect the security of your personal information you acknowledge that there is a risk of unauthorized access to (or alteration of) your transmissions or data or of the information contained on your computer system or on this website. We do not accept responsibility or liability of any nature for any losses that you may sustain as a result of such unauthorized access or alteration. All information transmitted to you or from you is transmitted at your risk, and you assume total responsibility and risk for your use of this website and the internet. We do not accept responsibility for any interference or damage to your own computer system which arises in connection with your accessing of this website or any outbound hyperlink.
14. Third party trademarks: All third party trademarks appearing on this website are the property of their respective owners, and are used on this website merely to refer to the trade mark proprietor or its products. The use of any third party trade marks on this website is not intended to imply any connection between us or our products and services and the trade mark proprietor or any of its products or services, nor any endorsement of our products or services by the trade mark proprietor.
15. Third party products and services: You acknowledge and agree that, except for information, products or services clearly identified as being supplied by us, we do not operate, control or endorse any third party, information, products or services on the Internet in any way. Except for information, products or services clearly identified as being supplied by us, all information, products and services offered through this website (or on the Internet generally) are offered by third parties that are not affiliated with us.
16. Feedback and unsolicited ideas:  If you give us feedback about this website or our products or services, you grant us the right to use that feedback for the purpose of improving our website, products or services (and for any other purpose we deem necessary or desirable) without being obliged to pay you any compensation in respect of our use of that feedback. We (and our employees) do not accept or consider unsolicited ideas, including artwork, demos, samples, and other ideas for new promotions, products, product names, processes, technologies, or materials (“unsolicited ideas”). You must not send unsolicited ideas to us. If you do send us unsolicited ideas:
We do not warrant or represent that those unsolicited ideas will be
Such unsolicited ideas will be treated and licensed as if they were
17. Disclaimer of warranties: To the maximum extent permitted by law, we provide this website and related information and services on an “as is” basis without any warranties, representations, or guarantees of any kind (whether, express, implied, statutory or otherwise) including, but not limited to, warranties of non-infringement, merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose.
18. Limitation of liability: To the maximum extent permitted by law, we will not be liable (in contract, tort, or otherwise) for any loss of profits, loss of data, or for any indirect, incidental, consequential, or economic damages or losses (howsoever caused), which you may directly or indirectly suffer in connection with (i) your use of, or inability to use, this website, or any material appearing on this website; or (ii) any action or decision taken as a result of using this website, or any material appearing on this website – even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event shall our total liability to you (in contract, tort, or under any other cause of action) for all damages, losses, costs and expenses suffered by you exceed the amount paid by you (if any) for accessing this website.
19. Governing law: These terms of use shall be governed by the laws of United States and the courts of United States shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine any dispute arising in relation to these terms of use. Except as otherwise described, all materials on this website are made available only to provide information about us, this website, and the products which may be ordered from this website. This website has been prepared in accordance with United States law, and may not satisfy the laws of any other country. We make no representations or warranties as to whether or not the information or products available from this website are appropriate or available for use in other countries. If you choose to access this website from outside United States you are treated as confidential or proprietary; “user content” in accordance with these terms of use responsible for compliance with applicable local law.
20. General: If any provision of these terms of use is held to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, the remaining provisions shall, to the maximum extent possible, remain in full force and effect. Any cause of action or claim you may have against us or otherwise with respect to this website must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises otherwise such claim or cause of action shall be barred. Our failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms of use shall not be construed as a waiver of any such provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any provision of these terms of use. We may assign our rights and obligations under these terms of use to any party at any time without notice to you.
MENU
Home
Services
Customer Satisfaction Surveys
Online Survey Tools
Customer Value Analysis
Transactional Surveys
Relationship Surveys
Net Promoter Score Services
NPS® Methodology
NPS® Implementation
NPS Reporting & Dashboards
Management Consulting
Strategic Planning
Balanced Scorecards
IT Policy & Procedure Development
Employee Satisfaction & NPS
ISO 9001:2015
ISO 9001:2015 Transition
ISO Documentation & Training
Additional ISO Consulting Services
About Us
Blog
Contact