https://www.gorkana.com/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy
request demo
Home &rightarrow Cookie Policy
Cookies & Other Tracking Mechanisms
We may use cookies, beacons and similar technologies, now or in the future, to support the functionality or track usage of our Services. This provides a better experience when you use our Services and allows us to improve our Services.
Browser cookies. A browser cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. That cookie then communicates with servers, ours or those of other companies that we authorize to collect data for us, and allows recognition of your device. You may use the tools available on your computer or other device to set your browser to refuse or disable all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. However, if you refuse or disable all browser cookies, you may be unable to access certain parts of our Websites or use certain features or functionality of our Services.
Flash cookies. Certain features of our Services may use local stored objects called flash cookies to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our Websites. We also include cookies in our third-party hosted video players to count the number of unique viewers who see a customer’s video press release and to provide aggregate reporting. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse Flash cookies, please note that some parts of our Services may be inaccessible or may not function properly.
Web beacons. Our Services may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear GIFs, pixel tags, tracking pixels and single-pixel GIFs) that permit us to, for example, count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other website-related statistics. Web beacons in e-mail marketing campaigns, press releases or other types of communications or content allow us to track your responses and your interests in our content, offerings and web pages. We may use web beacons and/or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you interact with our Services, e-mails, press releases or other types of communications or content, including information about your browsing and purchasing behavior.
Analytics services. We or our affiliates also use web analytics services, which currently include but are not limited to Google Analytics and Adobe Analytics. Such web analytics services use cookies and similar technologies to analyze how users use the domains. The information generated about domain usage (including your shortened IP address) is transmitted to the web analytics services. This information is used to evaluate visitors’ use of the domain, compile statistical reports on domain activity, and provide other services related to the Site and Internet use. Such services may also collect information about domain visitors’ use of other websites. For more information about Google Analytics, or to opt out of Google Analytics, please go to https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. For more information about Adobe Analytics, or to opt out of Adobe Analytics, please go to: http://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html.
Do Not Track Disclosure
Some browsers support a “Do Not Track” feature, which is intended to be a signal to websites that you do not wish to be tracked across different websites you visit. Our Services do not currently change the way they operate based upon detection of a Do Not Track or similar signal. You may, however, disable certain tracking as discussed in the Cookies & Other Tracking Mechanisms section above (e.g., by disabling cookies). You also may opt out of certain behavioral advertising by following the instructions in the Your Choices section below.
Your Choices
Opting out of marketing communications. You may receive certain promotional or informational communications from us. Where required by law, promotional communications will be sent only with your consent. You can opt out of promotional e-mails at any time by following the instructions at the bottom of the e-mails. Please note that certain e-mails may be necessary for the operation of our Services. You may, however, continue to receive these e-mails relating to your account or our Services, if appropriate, even if you unsubscribe from our optional communications.
Opting out of behavioral advertising. You may opt out of many third-party ad networks. For example, you may go to the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Consumer Choice Page at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ for information about opting out of interest-based advertising and your choices regarding having information used by DAA companies. You may also go to the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) Consumer Opt-Out Page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ for information about opting out of interest-based advertising and your choices regarding having information used by NAI members. Additional information is available on the DAA’s website at www.aboutads.info or the NAI’s website at www.networkadvertising.org. Opting out from one or more companies listed on the DAA Consumer Choice Page or the NAI Consumer Opt-Out Page will opt you out from those companies’ delivery of interest-based content or ads to you, but it does not mean you will no longer receive any advertising through our Services or any third-party services. You may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website that you are viewing (i.e., contextually based ads). If your browser is configured to reject cookies when you opt out on the DAA or NAI websites, your opt out may not be effective. Please note that if you use multiple devices you will have to opt out on each individual device.  If you reside in the EU you may go to http://www.youronlinechoices.com for information about opting out of interest based advertising.
Opting out of telemarketing. Where required by law, you will be contacted via telemarketing only with your consent. You may opt out of our direct telemarketing contacts by requesting us to remove you from our direct telemarketing list. Please note that opting out from our direct telemarketing contacts does not limit us from contacting you for other purposes, including those contacts that are reasonably necessary to provide you with our Services. If you decide to opt out of our direct telemarketing contacts, allow a reasonable time for us to process your request and do not hesitate to contact us at privacy@cision.com or privacy@PRNewswire.com if you encounter any problems with your request. The FTC and other agencies also maintain a National Do Not Call Registry at www.donotcall.gov/register/reg.aspx. By registering your number with the FTC may also limit our direct marketing contacts to that number.
Cloaking your identity. Journalists and others who use ProfNet Experts may choose not to disclose their identity when in direct communication with experts and company information officers by following the directions on that website to “cloak” their identity.
Accessing, updating or deleting your personal information. We value the accuracy of the information we have about you. You may access, update or delete your information (or in some cases object to its processing) at any time by following directions available on the registration page for the applicable Service or emailing us at privacy@cision.com.
LAST UPDATED ON OCTOBER 3, 2018
Request a Demo and Pricing
Sign Up for a Demo
See what Cision software can do for you.
Request Demo
Connect on Social:
ProductsCision Communications Cloud
Media Database
Media Monitoring
Media Analysis and Insights
Social Media Services
Cision Jobs
Journalist ServicesMedia Alerts
Media Requests
Media Database Profile
Cision Jobs
EventsMedia Briefings
Webinars
Thought Leadership
Networking
About UsContact Us
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Gorkana Services T&Cs
Gorkana’s Leadership Team
Client Case Studies
Careers
Statement On The UK Modern Slavery Act 2015
Gender Pay Gap Report – April 2018
Gender Pay Gap Report – April 2019
Gender Pay Gap Report – April 2020
SupportTraining & Support
5 Churchill Place
Canary Wharf
E14 5HU
+44 (0)20 7674 0200
accountsupport@cision.com
Scroll to top
Cookie Policy