http://www.insurancecompany.com/privacy.html
If you have any questions about the privacy of your online information,
the practices of this site, your dealings with this web site and/or
general questions that the web site does not answer, please feel free to
contact us as noted during regular business hours.
InsuranceCompany.com
automatically secures all internet web transactions with
True Site™ by
GeoTrust. It's a leading-edge trust
service that is a fast and convenient way for our customers to identify
and confirm the web site’s legitimacy. Here's a few details:
True Site™
Identity Assurance for Web Sites
Provides
businesses with a consistent, trusted third party vetting process
• Users see confirmed identity of business with no click
• Delivers useful and confidence-building information about the company
to users
• Site owners and visitors are protected from spoofed (copied) sites that
can harm rightful owner
You can click on the GeoTrust logo above to
confirm our security commitment. If you have any questions about this
security statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this
Web site, you can contact:
General Information
InsuranceCompany.com
has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm
commitment to your privacy. The following discloses the information gathering
and dissemination practices for this Web site and it's affiliate companies.
The InsuranceCompany.com website is a marketing website owned
and serviced by DEL AMO Insurance Services, Inc., DBA: InsComp Insurance
Services with respect to its' content. InsuranceCompany.com collects information which is
distributed to it's affiliated agents, brokers, agencies, brokerages, and/or companies
based upon the state you have entered.
All of it's affiliated agents, brokers, agencies, brokerages, and/or companies are licensed in their respective state for the product they
quote and act as independent contractors and non binding to our company. InsuranceCompany.com, DEL AMO Insurance Services, Inc., DBA: InsComp Insurance Services does not provide the quote and/or issue a policy unless otherwise specifically
stated.
This website does not attempt to describe the product coverage and its' contents but is merely used as a sales tool for the purpose of product
illustration. The website and its' owners cannot make recommendations as to whether any illustrated product may meet the users' particular
needs. Therefore, the suitability of the product is the final determination of the user of this website.
Privacy Disclosure
As you are probably aware, the insurance industry is now subject to
a federal privacy law called the "Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act" ("GLB"). GLB Protects the security and confidentiality of a consumer's personal
information. Fortunately, since our companies have always been respectful of the privacy
needs of our customers, we have not had to make significant changes to our usual business practices to
become compliant with this new law.
We have, however, had to prepare privacy notices to advise our customers of our privacy practices for which the affiliated agent
must comply to receive your internet referral lead. We also have had to conduct an extensive review of all of our contracts under which
we may disclose the nonpublic information of our applicants and insureds to third parties.
This review was necessary because, under GLB, our contracts must prohibit such third parties from disclosing or using the nonpublic
personal information that we provide to them from using it for purposes other than to carry our the purposes for which we disclosed
it to them.
Since we provide all of our disclosures under exceptions to what are activities to what are termed "opt out requirements", our
contracts must reflect this. (The exceptions under GLB, by the way, include such activities as servicing and processing an insurance
application, administering a claims benefit, underwriting an insurance risk and billing an account). If we do not have language
in our contracts to provide for this type of prohibition, under GLB, we would be required to include procedures in our privacy plan or
statement whereby an applicant or insured could opt out of certain types of disclosures, including disclosures we may make to the agent.
Accordingly, we amended all of our existing and future contracts with our agents, sub-agents, agent affiliates, brokers, sub-brokers,
broker affiliates and, in fact, even our vendors, with whom we share personal nonpublic information.
Towards that end, as set forth below, we require all agents to sign the following agreement with our companies.
Nonpublic Personal Information
If the Company discloses to the Agent (which is defined to include any
and all codes of Agent, and thus also thereby Agent's subagents) nonpublic personal information, ("NPI"), as defined in the
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act ("GLB") or as defined by an applicable state privacy statue, rule or regulation, (collectively referred
to as the "State Privacy Laws"), Company will only do so pursuant to an exception set forth in both GLB and whatever, if any, State
Privacy Laws may be applicable.
Notwithstanding any other language in the Agreement, Agents will maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that
comply with state and federal regulations to guard all NPI. Agent's handling of nay NPI, and the purpose for which the
information may be used by Agent, shall be in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and rulings, including, but not
limited to GLB and Federal Fair Credit Reporting Act.
The parties also agreed that a violation of the covenants described in this paragraph may cause irreparable and
substantial damage and that no adequate remedy may be available at law or in equity. As a result, such violation may be enjoined
through injunctive proceedings in addition to any other rights and remedies available at law or in equity.
HIPAA
Privacy Information
HIPAA NOTICE OF PRIVACY PRACTICES
REGARDING YOUR DENTAL INSURANCE, HEATH INSURANCE AND LIFE INSURANCE
THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL
INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN GET ACCESS
TO THIS INFORMATION
PLEASE REVIEW IT CAREFULLY.
Our Responsibilities
We are required by applicable federal and state law to
maintain the privacy of your protected health information. "Protected
health information" (PHI) is information about you, including demographic
information, that may identify you and that relates to your past, present
or future physical or mental health or condition and related health care
services. We are also required to give you this notice about our privacy
practices, our legal duties, and your rights concerning your PHI. We must
follow the privacy practices that are described in this notice while it is
in effect. This notice takes effect April 14, 2003, and will remain in
effect until we replace it.   We reserve the right to change our
privacy practices and the terms of this notice at any time, provided such
changes are permitted by applicable law. We reserve the right to make the
changes in our privacy practices and the new terms of our notice effective
for all PHI that we maintain, including PHI we created or received before
we made the changes. Before we make a significant change in our privacy
practices, we will change this notice and make the new notice available
upon request.
Uses and Disclosures of Protected Health Information
We use and disclose PHI about you for treatment, payment,
and health care operations. Following are examples of the types of uses
and disclosures that we are permitted to make.
Treatment
We may use or disclose your PHI to a health care provider providing
treatment to you. We may use or disclose your PHI to a health care
provider so that we can make prior authorization decisions under your
benefit plan.
Payment
We may use and disclose your PHI to make benefit payments for the
health care services provided to you. We may disclose your PHI to another
health plan, to a health care provider, or other entity subject to the
federal Privacy Rules for their payment purposes. Payment activities may
include processing claims, determining eligibility or coverage for claims,
issuing premium billings, reviewing services for medical or health
necessity, and performing utilization review of claims.
Health Care Operations
We may use and disclose your PHI in connection with our health care
operations. Health care operations include the business functions
conducted by a health insurer. These activities may include providing
customer services, responding to complaints and appeals from members,
providing case management and care coordination under the benefit plans,
conducting medical review of claims and other quality assessment and
improvement activities, establishing premium rates and underwriting rules.
In certain instances, we may also provide PHI to the employer who is the
plan sponsor of a group health plan. We may also in our health care
operations disclose PHI to business associates1 with whom we
have written agreements containing terms to protect the privacy of your
PHI.
We may disclose your PHI to another entity that is subject to the federal
Privacy Rules and that has a relationship with you for its health care
operations relating to quality assessment and improvement activities,
reviewing the competence or qualifications of health care professionals,
case management and care coordination, or detecting or preventing health
care fraud and abuse.
On Your Authorization
You may give us written authorization to use your PHI or to disclose
it to another person and for the purpose you designate. If you give us an
authorization, you may withdraw it in writing at any time. Your withdrawal
will not affect any use or disclosures permitted by your authorization
while it was in effect. Unless you give us a written authorization, we
cannot use or disclose your PHI for any reason except those described in
this notice.
We will make disclosures of any psychotherapy notes we may have only if
you provide us with a specific written authorization or when disclosure is
required by law.
Personal Representatives
We will disclose your PHI to your personal representative when the
personal representative has been properly designated by you and the
existence of your personal representative is documented to us in writing
through a written authorization.
Disaster Relief
We may use or disclose your PHI to a public or private entity
authorized by law or by its charter to assist in disaster relief efforts.
Health Related Services
We may use your PHI to contact you with information about
health-related benefits and services or about treatment alternatives that
may be of interest to you. We may disclose your PHI to a business
associate to assist us in these activities.
We may use or disclose your PHI to encourage you to purchase or use a
product or service by face-to-face communication or to provide you with
promotional gifts.
Public Benefit
We may use or disclose your PHI as authorized by law for the following
purposes deemed to be in the public interest or benefit:
as required by law;
for public health activities, including disease and
vital statistic reporting, child abuse reporting, certain Food and
Drug Administration (FDA) oversight purposes with respect to an
FDA-regulated product or activity, and to employers regarding
work-related illness or injury required under the Occupational Safety
and Health Act (OSHA) or other similar laws;
to report adult abuse, neglect, or domestic
violence;
to health oversight agencies;
in response to court and administrative orders and
other lawful processes;
to law enforcement officials pursuant to subpoenas
and other lawful processes, concerning crime victims, suspicious
deaths, crimes on our premises, reporting crimes in emergencies, and
for purposes of identifying or locating a suspect or other person;
to avert a serious threat to health or safety;
to the military and to federal officials for lawful
intelligence, counterintelligence, and national security activities;
to correctional institutions regarding inmates; and
as authorized by and to the extent necessary to
comply with state worker's compensation laws.
We will make disclosures for the following public
interest purposes, only if you provide us with a written authorization or
when disclosure is required by law:
to coroners, medical examiners, and funeral
directors;
to an organ procurement organization; and
in connection with certain research activities.
Use and Disclosure of Certain Types of Health
Information
For certain types of PHI we may be required to protect your privacy in
ways more strict than we have discussed in this notice. For instance, if a
state law is more restrictive than HIPAA, we will follow that state law.
Generally, the following state laws are ones which we abide by for our use
or disclosure of certain types of your PHI:
HIV Test Information.
We may not disclose the result of any HIV test or that you have been
the subject of an HIV test unless required by law or the disclosure is
to you or other persons under limited circumstances or you have given
us written permission to disclose.
Genetic Information.
We may not disclose your genetic information unless the disclosure is
made as required by law or you provide us with written permission to
disclose such information.
Mental Health Information Records.
We may not disclose your mental health information records except to
you and anyone else authorized by law to inspect and copy your mental
health information records or you provide us with written permission
to disclose.
Alcoholism or Drug Abuse Information.
We may not disclose any alcoholism or drug abuse information related
to your treatment in an alcohol or drug abuse program unless the
disclosure is allowed or required by law or you provide us with
written permission to disclose.
Individual Rights
You may contact us using the information at the
end of this notice to obtain the forms
described here, explanations on how to submit a request, or other
additional information.
Access
You have the right, with limited exceptions, to look at or get copies
of your PHI contained in a designated record set. A "designated record
set" contains records we maintain such as enrollment, claims processing,
and case management records. You may request that we provide copies in a
format other than photocopies. We will use the format you request unless
we cannot practicably do so. You must make a request in writing to obtain
access to your PHI and may obtain a request form from us. If we deny your
request, we will provide you a written explanation and will tell you if
the reasons for the denial can be reviewed and how to ask for such a
review or if the denial cannot be reviewed.
Disclosure Accounting
You have the right to receive a list of instances since April 14, 2003
in which we or our business associates disclosed your PHI for purposes,
other than treatment, payment, health care operations, or as authorized by
you, and for certain other activities. If you request this accounting more
than once in a 12-month period, we may charge you a reasonable, cost-based
fee for responding to these additional requests. We will provide you with
more information on our fee structure at your request.
Restriction
You have the right to request that we place additional restrictions on
our use or disclosure of your PHI. We are not required to agree to these
additional restrictions, but if we do, we will abide by our agreement
(except in an emergency). Any agreement we may make to a request for
additional restrictions must be in writing signed by a person authorized
to make such an agreement on our behalf. We will not be bound unless our
agreement is in writing.
Confidential Communication
You have the right to request that we communicate with you about your
PHI by alternative means or to alternative locations. You must make your
request in writing. This right only applies if the information could
endanger you if it is not communicated by the alternative means or to the
alternative location you want. You do not have to explain the basis for
your request, but you must state that the information could endanger you
if the communication means or location is not changed. We must accommodate
your request if it is reasonable, specifies the alternative means or
location, and provides satisfactory explanation how payments will be
handled under the alternative means or location you request.
Amendment
You have the right, with limited exceptions, to request that we amend
your PHI. Your request must be in writing, and it must explain why the
information should be amended. We may deny your request if we did not
create the information you want amended and the originator remains
available or for certain other reasons. If we deny your request, we will
provide you a written explanation. You may respond with a statement of
disagreement to be attached to the information you wanted amended. If we
accept your request to amend the information, we will make reasonable
efforts to inform others, including people you name, of the amendment and
to include the changes in any future disclosures of that information.
Right to Receive a Copy of the Notice
You may request a copy of our notice at any time by contacting the
Privacy Office. If you receive this notice
by electronic mail (e-mail), you are also entitled to request a paper copy
of the notice.
Questions and Complaints
If you want more information about our privacy practices or have
questions or concerns, please contact us using the information listed at
the end of this notice.
If you are concerned that we may have violated your
privacy rights, you may complain to us using the contact information
listed at the end of this notice. You also
may submit a written complaint to the U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services; see information at its website:
www.hhs.gov. If you request,
we will provide you with the address to file your complaint with the U.S.
Department of Health and Human Services.
We support your right to the privacy of your PHI. We will
not retaliate in any way if you choose to file a complaint with us or with
the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is also used to help identify you and your shopping cart.
Cookies
Our Site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart, and to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly. We also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, and to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site.
Order Forms
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect contact information (like their email address), financial information (like their account or credit card numbers), unique identifiers (like their social security number), and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level).
Contact information from the order forms is used to ship purchases, information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.
Financial information that is collected is used to check the users' qualifications for registration, and to bill the user for products and services.
Unique identifiers (such as social security numbers) are collected from Web site visitors to verify the user's identity, and for use as account numbers in our record system.
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site.
We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site showing them content that we think they might
be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
Children's Guidelines
We care about children and understand that they have
special privacy needs.
Therefore, we have adopted the following
privacy policy regarding children:
We will NOT collect, use, or distribute to third parties
personally identifiable information without prior verifiable parental
consent.
We will NOT give the child access to unmonitored chat
rooms, message boards, email accounts, or other services that would
give the child the ability to publicly post or otherwise distribute
personally identifiable information without prior verifiable parental
consent
When verifiable parental consent is not obtained, we
will only use the online contact information (such as email) to:
Respond directly to the child's request on a one-time
basis and not use that information to re-contact the
child for other purposes.
Request the name or online contact information of a
parent for the purpose of obtaining verifiable parental
consent or providing parental notification.
Respond more than once directly to a specific request
from a child (such as in the case where a child requests
a newsletter subscription) and not used to re-contact the
child for other purposes.
We will use our best efforts
to provide parental notification, which will include the
nature and intended use as well as an opportunity for the
parent to prevent the use of the information and
participation in the activity.
We will NOT entice the child to divulge more information than
is needed to participate in any activity, game, or service.
We will provide the parent a description of the specific
types of a personally identifiable information collected from
their child upon request.
We will allow the parent to refuse
further use or future online collection of personally
identifiable information and provide a way for a parent to
obtain any personally identifiable information collected from
their child.
We will provide notice to children in age appropriate
terms of what personally identifiable information is to be
collected.
We will NOT provide any links to Web sites that are
unsuitable for children.
We will encourage children to get their parent's
permission before sharing personal information online.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving promotional/marketing information from
our partners, and us
.
You can send email to
sales@InsuranceCompany.com
You can visit the following URL:
http://www.insurancecompany.com/unsubscribe.html
Data Quality/Access
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided:
You can send email to
sales@InsuranceCompany.com
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
Monday-Friday 10am-4pm Pacific Standard Time
Corporate Office
910 Lomita Blvd
P.O. Box 910
Harbor City, CA 90710-0910
Office: 310.534.3444
Members can save on all
dental charges and procedures including dental restorative cosmetic work
(fillings, dental crowns, dental braces, dental implant's) and dental product
related items, etc.), dental hygiene services, preventative work (teeth cleaning, x-rays,
etc).  General dentistry, dental hygienist, dental assistant, dental
assisting and all specialties where available are
covered.
DENTAL
INSURANCE, DENTAL PLANS, VISION & PRESCRIPTION COVERAGE
Thank
you for choosing InsuranceCompany.com®
we
look forward to serving you and your family...
InsuranceCompany.com
is a registered trademark
Copyright 1997-2009. Del Amo. All rights reserved.
2009-10-12T10:08:25+00:00 Harbor City - Los Angeles, California.