https://www.invisiblestructures.com/privacy-policy/
Invisible Structures
Online U.S. Privacy Policy
Updated: November 2019
Effective Date: February 4th, 2020
This Privacy Policy describes how Invisible Structures, Inc. (“Invisible Structures,” “we,” “our,” “us”) may collect, use, or share information we receive about you when you visit https://invisiblestructures.com (the “Site”).
Collection of Personal Information
Information You Provide
We may obtain information that you provide directly to us on the Site, for example, when you request a quote, contact us, or otherwise interact with the Site. This information may include personal information, which is information that can be used to identify you individually.
Personal information we collect may include your:
First and last name
Email address
Postal address
Phone number
Company information
Information Collected Automatically
We may collect certain information including IP addresses, device identifiers, browser characteristics, operating system details, language preferences, referring URLs, length of visits, and pages viewed automatically using various tools and technologies such as cookies and web server logs.
A cookie is a piece of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your computer as an anonymous tag that identifies your computer but not you. Many web browsers are set to accept cookies by default, but you may be able to set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, or to remove or reject cookies. Please note that if you disable cookies, you may not be able to use certain features of the Site or other websites and disabling cookies may invalidate opt outs that rely on cookies to function.
We may combine certain automatically-collected information with other information we obtain about you, which may include data we obtain from third parties.
Please note that we or third parties may collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different devices and online properties when you use the Site.Your web browser may have settings that allow you to transmit a “Do Not Track” signal when you visit various websites or use online services. Like many websites, the Site is not designed to respond to “Do Not Track” signals received from browsers. To learn more about “Do Not Track” signals, visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com.
Use of Personal Information
We may use personal information we collect through the Site to:
personalize your online experience and improve the Site, our marketing, and other products or services we may offer;
monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities of visitors and users on the Site;
respond to emails, inquiries, comments, questions, or other requests for support;
comply with applicable laws, regulations, or legal process, as well as industry standards and our policies;
prevent, investigate, identify, stop, or take any other action with regard to suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity, or any activity that violates our policies; and
for any other purpose, with your consent.
Sharing of Personal Information
We may share your personal information with our subsidiaries, affiliates, and business partners. To the extent we grant these parties access to your personal information, they will follow privacy practices no less protective than our practices, to the extent allowed by applicable law.
Additionally, we may share your personal information with third-party service providers assisting us in carrying out services to you such as the functionality of the Site. Third-party service providers are not meant to use personal information except as necessary to provide the relevant services to us.
In the event of a business transaction, such as if we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (e.g., further to a merger, reorganization, liquidation, or any other business transaction, including negotiations of such transactions), we reserve the right to disclose any information we obtain through the Site. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and are permitted by and subject to this Privacy Policy.
Additionally, Invisible Structures may disclose personal information when required by subpoena, search warrant, or other legal processes, or in response to activities that are unlawful or a violation of Invisible Structure’s rules for use of the Site, or to protect and defend the rights or property of Invisible Structures.
Security
We take reasonable measures to protect your personal information from loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Nevertheless, transmission via the Internet and online digital storage are not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of your information collected through the Site.
Linked Websites
The Site may include links to websites that are owned and/or operated by third parties. This Privacy Policy does not apply to those websites, which may have their own privacy policies or notices that you should review to understand how they may use or disclose your personal information. Invisible Structures is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of any linked websites that are operated by third parties.
The Site may also provide links to websites operated by Invisible Structures, our affiliates, and our subsidiaries. Unless indicated otherwise, these websites are not governed by this Privacy Policy. For information on how these websites may collect, use, or disclose your personal information, we encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on the linked websites.
Information for Users Outside the United States
If you are visiting the Site from outside the United States, please be aware that information we obtain about you will be processed in the United States or in other jurisdictions. By using the Site you acknowledge and consent to the international transfer and processing of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. Please be aware that the data protection laws and regulations that apply to your personal information transferred to the United States or other countries may be different from the laws in your country of residence.
Revisions
This Privacy Policy is subject to change at our discretion. We will indicate changes, including material changes, to the Privacy Policy by updating the “Effective Date” at the top of this page. Your continued use of this Site after any update to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of the changes.
Contact Information
Please direct comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy via e-mail to sales@invisiblestructures.com
Warning: Opens in a new window
Warning: Opens an external site
Warning: Opens an external site in a new window
Warning: You are opening a pdf document in a new tab
Warning: You are downloading a pdf file to your device
Warning: You are downloading a zip archive to your device