http://www.panlogic.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience. By continuing to use this website you
are giving consent to cookies being used. You can read more on how we use cookies in our privacy
policy.
I agree
Panlogic > Terms and Conditions
In Terms and Conditions...
Sitemap
Terms and Conditions
Privacy policy
Accessibility
Panlogic’s terms of use
Upon signing up for Panlogic’s services, all clients agree to comply with Panlogic’s Terms of Use (“TOU”). The spirit of the TOU is to ensure clients are using Panlogic’s services with due regard to the rights of other Internet users and in conformity with the requirements of Panlogic’s network environment. The TOU are not exhaustive and Panlogic reserves the right to add, delete, or modify any provision of its TOU at any time without notice, effective upon either the posting of the modified TOU to www.Panlogic.com or notification of the modified TOU. Any complaints about a client’s violation of the TOU should be sent toabuse@panlogic.co.uk. Florida medical malpractice lawyers are governed by certain laws that require them to establish with high credibility the fact that their client has a case to begin with. They must submit this in writing. If later findings reveal that there was no real and justifiable basis for a medical malpractice suit, the concerned lawyer becomes personally liable. Florida medical malpractice laws are very strict about possible defamation of the state’s medical practitioners. Florida medical malpractice lawyers choose their clients with extreme care, since the burden of investigation as well as a considerable portion of the initial financial outlay for a case falls on them. In Florida, a full-fledged medical malpractice suit can stretch over periods of two to three years, and a lawyer stands to collect significantly only on successful completion. Deciding whether a medical malpractice case is feasible or not is one of the most vital functions of lawyers in Florida. They have to decide whether the investment of money, time and effort is balanced out by possible returns. This calls for a high degree of oversight and experience, as well as an instinctive feel of the state’s legal ‘weather’. Another hurdle that Florida-based medical malpractice lawyers are often forced to overcome are the complex liens that govern damage settlements involving insurance-based medical care financiers such as Medicare and various Health Maintenance Organizations, or HMOs. Such organizations expect to be compensated for medical services that they have underwritten if these services have generated damages in a medical malpractice suit. If a client fails to do this, he may be slapped with a criminal case. A medical malpractice NYC Lawyer a very thin line, and the legal fine-tuning itself can call upon unprecedented legal resources. In an interestingly peculiar twist of law, a claimant who wins a medical malpractice case in Florida without the aid of a lawyer will still find the net value of settlement reduced by an amount comparable to a lawyer’s fees. In other words, the claimant saves nothing if he fails to engage a lawyer’s services.
Actions Taken by Panlogic:
The failure by a client to meet or follow any of the Terms of Use (TOU) is grounds for account deactivation. Panlogic will be the sole arbiter as to what constitutes a violation of the Terms of Use. Panlogic reserves the right to remove any account without prior notice. When Panlogic becomes aware of an alleged violation of its Terms of Use, Panlogic will initiate an investigation. During the investigation, Panlogic may restrict a client’s access in order to prevent further potentially unauthorised activity. Depending on the severity of the violation, Panlogic may, at its sole discretion, restrict, suspend or terminate a client’s web hosting account and/or pursue other civil remedies. If such violation is a criminal offence, Panlogic will notify the appropriate law enforcement authorities of such violation. Panlogic does not issue credits for outages incurred through service disablement resulting from Terms of Use violations. Panlogic clients agree to indemnify and hold harmless Panlogic from any claims resulting from the use of our services that damages them or any other party. The Panlogic service is provided on an as-is-available basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. Panlogic expressly disclaims any representation or warranty that the Panlogic service will be error-free, secure or uninterrupted. No oral advice or written information given by Panlogic, its employees, licensers or the like, will create a warranty; nor may you rely on any such information or advice. Panlogic and its partners and suppliers will not be liable for any cost or damage arising either directly or indirectly from any transaction or use of the service. At least one construction site accident worker is killed every month by being backed over by a dump truck, crane, or another construction vehicle. But the fact is that these accidents are entirely preventable. You need to consult a truck accident attorney in case you are involved in a truck accident. Trucks are very massive and hard to maneuver vehicles, which can be dangerous while driving. Given the size of some trucks, a relatively low impact accident can sometimes lead to a serious injury. Commercial trucks are the most dangerous vehicles on the road today. There is greater risk for passengers, pedestrians and drivers on the road, as the number of commercial heavy vehicles increases. These lawyers can help you in rebuilding your life by making you aware of your rights and by assisting you in getting the best possible compensation from the insurance company. Visit https://www.stephenbabcock.com/ site for more details about truck accident attorney. The auto accident lawyer can provide in-depth information to sufferers including immediate steps to be taken after a mishap. He can help you with it and guide you through the procedure for filing complaint. When you are dealing with an accident injury, you’re also forced to consider the financial ramifications of the incident. If you’re seriously injured and would not be able to work for a considerable amount of time then your lost income, the huge medical bills and the damage repair expense of your vehicle – all these and may be more need to be considered.
Construction site owners and contractors must ask this important question: Does the construction site follow all the vehicle safety practices?
Adult Content:
Due to the special system and network requirements of adult-oriented sites, pornography is prohibited. This includes sites that promote any illegal activity or content that may be damaging to our servers or any other server on the Internet, or provide links to such sites.
Backup/Recovery:
If a loss of data stored on Panlogic’s server occurs whilst using Panlogic’s services and is deemed that a loss of data is the fault of Panlogic. Panlogic will provide cost free backup and data recovery for lost data up until the last differential available. Panlogic shall be the sole arbitor of the cause of the data loss. If the cause of the data loss is the fault of the client, there will be a fee of £45.00 for any data recovered.
Child Pornography:
The use of Panlogic’s services to store, post, display, transmit, advertise or otherwise make available child pornography is prohibited. Panlogic is required by law, and will, notify law enforcement agencies when it becomes aware of the presence of child pornography on, or being transmitted through, its services.
Copyright Violations:
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) sets forth the requirements for valid copyright infringement notification. If you would like to notify Panlogic of an infringement of your copyright, the DMCA requires that you:
Send your notification to Panlogic’s designated agent. You may choose any of the following three avenues for this notification:
Email to abuse@panlogic.co.uk
Fax to Panlogic, Attention: Abuse at +44 (0)208 948 6611
Mail or courier to Fitzroy House, 3 Paradise Road , Richmond , Surrey TW9 1RX
Include in your notification the following information:
A physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or a person authorised to act on the copyright owner’s behalf (the “Claimant”)
Identification of the copyrighted work(s) claimed to have been infringed
Identification of the material claimed to infringe the copyright(s), and enough information for Panlogic to locate it
The Claimant’s name, address, and telephone number(s)
A statement that the Claimant has a good faith belief that use of the disputed material is not authorised by the copyright owner or his agent
A statement, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification of copyright infringement is accurate and that the Claimant is authorised to act on behalf of the copyright owner
Client Responsibility:
Clients are required to use the Panlogic network responsibly. This includes respecting the other clients of Panlogic. Panlogic reserves the right to suspend and/or cancel service with any client who uses the Panlogic network in such a way that adversely affects other Panlogic clients. While Panlogic may monitor its service electronically to determine that its facilities are operating satisfactorily, as a general practice, Panlogic does not monitor its clients’ communications or activities to determine whether they are in compliance with the TOU. However, when Panlogic becomes aware of any violation of the TOU or other user agreements, Panlogic may take any action to stop or correct such violation, including, but not limited to, denying access to Panlogic’s services and equipment or to the Internet. In addition, Panlogic may take action against a client or a client of such client because of the activities of such client. Panlogic anticipates that clients who offer Internet services will cooperate with Panlogic in any corrective or preventive action that Panlogic deems necessary. Failure to cooperate with such corrective or preventive measures is a violation of Panlogic policy and Panlogic reserves the right to take any such action even though such action may affect other clients of the Panlogic client.
Illegal Use:
Panlogic servers may be used for lawful purposes only. Transmission, storage or distribution of any information, data or material in violation of any applicable law or regulation, or that may directly facilitate the violation of any particular law or regulation, is prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: copyrighted material; trademarks; trade secrets or other intellectual property rights used without proper authorisation; material that is obscene, defamatory, constitutes an illegal threat, or violates export control laws. Examples of unacceptable content or links include: pirated software, hacker programs or archives, Warez sites, MP3, and IRC bots.
Additionally, in purchasing Panlogic services, all Panlogic clients certify that they and/or the organisation they represent in procuring services from Panlogic are not, nor have been designated, a suspected terrorist as defined in Executive Order 13224; are not owned or controlled by a ‘suspected terrorist’ as defined in Executive Order 13224; and are not on, are not a member of, related to, associated with, or controlled by any organisations on the list contained in the Annex to Executive Order 13224 and all updates thereto. Panlogic reserves the right to fine clients who break this clause up to £5,000.00 in damages.
Modification:
Panlogic reserves the right to add, delete or modify any provision of its Terms of Use at any time without notice.
Privacy:
Panlogic is concerned with the privacy of on-line communications and web sites. In general, the Internet is neither more nor less secure than other means of communication, including mail, facsimile, and voice telephone service, all of which can be intercepted and otherwise compromised. As a matter of prudence, however, Panlogic urges its clients to assume that all of their on-line communications are insecure. Panlogic cannot take any responsibility for the security of information transmitted over Panlogic’s facilities. Additional details on privacy and Panlogic’s use of client information can be found in Panlogic’s Privacy Policy.
Server and System Abuse:
Violations of system or network security are prohibited and may result in criminal and civil liability. Examples of system or network security violations include, without limitation the following: unauthorized access to or use of data, systems or networks, including any attempt to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without express authorization of the owner of the system or network; interference with service to any user, host or network including, without limitation, mail bombing, flooding, deliberate attempts to overload a system and broadcast attacks; forging of any TCP-IP packet header or any part of the header information in an email or a newsgroup posting.
Service Limitation:
Panlogic or its related persons shall not be held liable for any consequential, indirect, special, punitive, or incidental damages, whether foreseeable or unforeseeable, based on claims of the client or its clients, (including but not limited to, claims for loss of data, goodwill, profits, use of money or use of the software, interruption in use or availability of data, stoppage of other work or impairment of other assets), arising out of breach of implied warranty, breach of contract, misrepresentation, negligence, strict liability in tort or otherwise, except only in the case of personal injury where and to the extent that applicable law prohibits exclusion of such liability, although for other injury cases, the use of an injury lawyer from sites as https://www.spauldinginjurylaw.com/areas-served/cumming/personal-injury-attorney/
is the best option. In no event will the aggregate liability which Panlogic and its related persons may incur in any action or proceeding arising out of performance or non-performance of this agreement exceed the total amount actually paid to Panlogic by the client for the specific product or service that directly caused the damage.
UCE (Unsolicited Commerce Email) – SPAM:
Spamming, the sending of unsolicited mass email from or through an Panlogic server or using an email address that is maintained on an Panlogic machine is STRICTLY prohibited. Panlogic will be the sole arbiter as to what constitutes a violation of this provision. clients are also in violation of this provision if they engage in spamming using the service of another ISP or IPP, but reference in the spam a website hosted on an Panlogic server, or if they sell or distribute software on their website that facilitates spamming. Violators will be assessed a minimum fine of £250.00 and will face immediate suspension. Panlogic also will enable precautions to monitor security and UCE on servers within European and United States guidelines.
Please report any instances of spamming from Panlogic specific servers/IP’s to abuse@panlogic.co.uk detailing as much information as possible, clearly identifying the source of the unsolicited email. This will then be investigated, dealt with and replied to within 24 hours.
Viruses and Other Destructive Activities:
Use of Panlogic’s services or equipment for creating or sending Internet viruses, worms or Trojan horses, or for pinging, flooding or mail bombing, or engaging in denial of service attacks is prohibited. It is also prohibited for any client to engage in other activity that is intended to disrupt or interfere with, or that results in the disruption of or interference with, the ability of others to effectively use Panlogic’s services and equipment (or any connected network, system, service or equipment) or conduct their business over the Internet.