http://www.fazolis.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting http://www.fazolis.com. Our website is a general audience site intended for online guests of all ages. Fazoli’s System Management, LLC (“Fazoli’s”) is pleased to provide information to all of its online guests about its online privacy policy. Fazoli’s respects your privacy and uses its best efforts to protect the privacy of online guests to this web site.
Information We Collect and How It Is Used
Fazoli’s only gathers personal information, such as, first and last names, addresses, email addresses, and credit card numbers when voluntarily submitted by you. For example, personal information may be collected from you in order to get your comments on our web sites and our products, to enter you in one of our contests, or to order gift cards.
Sharing of Personal Information
Fazoli’s may share personal information within the Fazoli’s Companies. The Fazoli’s Companies includes Fazoli’s, our franchisees, our subsidiaries and our affiliates. Of course, any use of this information by the Fazoli’s Companies will comply with this policy. Occasionally, with your permission, we will send marketing information to you, such as discount coupons, information about new product offerings, etc. If you do not elect to receive such materials, we will not send them to you.
On occasion, we contract with trusted third party providers who would receive your Personal Information to perform certain services on our behalf. Through our contractual arrangements, we require our contracting partners to maintain adequate security of Personal Information provided to them. We do not permit such third parties to sell your Personal Information to other third parties, however such third parties may share non-personally identifiable aggregate data (such as user demographics, website activity, purchase history, and other statistical information) and de-identified individual data and profiles with third parties for market research and other purposes. In particular, we use Zipscene LLC to help us operate our website and administer various activities. To learn more about how Zipscene LLC uses information you provide to our Site, please visit costrategix.com/privacy.
Fazoli’s does not sell, transfer or disclose personal information to third parties outside the Fazoli’s Companies.
Fazoli’s reserves the right to use or disclose any information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of the site, to fulfill your requests, or to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or an investigation on a matter of public safety.
Children
On our website, we only offer pages for coloring to children, which does not require a child to provide any personal information.
It is our policy that online guests to our website who are under the age of 18 should not post or provide information without the consent of their parents or legal guardians. We urge parents or legal guardians to regularly monitor and supervise their children’s online activities.
Access
You are in control of any personal information you provide to us online. If at any time, you would like to correct the personal information we have about you, change your preferences for contacts from us, or ask us to delete that information or to stop further use of the information, you can let us know by contacting us at the email or postal address listed below.
Cookies
“Cookies” are pieces of information that a web site transfers to an individual’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies allow the web site to remember important information that will make your use of the site more convenient. Like most web sites, Fazoli’s uses cookies for a variety of purposes in order to improve your online experience. For example, we track the total number of visitors to our site on an anonymous aggregate basis. We may also employ cookies so that we remember you when you return to the site, to keep track of the items in your shopping cart if you purchase merchandise online, to administer certain contests and sweepstakes and to help customize your Fazoli’s web experience. We may associate personal information with a cookie file in those instances.
Use the options in your web browser if you do not wish to receive a cookie or if you wish to set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. Click on the “Help” section of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. If you disable all cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all the features of this web site.
Links to Other Sites
We may offer links to sites that are not operated by Fazoli’s. If you visit one of these linked sites, you should review their privacy and other policies. We are not responsible for the policies and practices of other companies.
Franchisee Web Sites
Many Fazoli’s restaurants are owned and operated by franchisees, which are independent businessmen and women. Some franchisees also operate web sites; therefore, please review the privacy policy of each site to determine the privacy policies of that site.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Fazoli’s reserves the right to modify this privacy policy from time to time without notice to you; therefore, we suggest that you check our policy periodically. However, please note that we will not alter how we handle previously collected information.
Effective Date
This policy was last updated on January 14, 2014.
How to Contact Us
For general questions or inquiries, not related to this privacy policy, please use the Guest Feedback option in the menu on the top of the page.