http://www.gardnerasphalt.com/pages/privacy-policy
Close menu
About Us
Expand submenu
Collapse submenu
Company
News
Careers
Community
Our Brands
Expand submenu
Collapse submenu
Gardner®
Black Jack®
APOC®
Gardner Asphalt Supply®
Contact
Blog
Our Company
News
Careers
Community Involvement
Your cart
Close Cart
Sites Covered by This Statement This Privacy Statement applies to websites operated by or on behalf of The Gardner-Gibson Company and its affiliated companies and subsidiaries (Gardner-Gibson). Some Gardner-Gibson websites may contain links to non-Gardner-Gibson websites. Gardner-Gibson is not responsible for the privacy policies of those websites. We recommend you review the privacy policies of each site you visit. Information We Collect and How We Use It You can visit our websites and learn about our products without providing personal information. However, to participate in programs, contests or special offers you may need to provide personal information. Personal information is information that can identify you such as your full name, your e-mail address or postal address. We collect personal information to provide you information and samples you request, to give you a customized interactive experience, and to help us develop new products and services that meet your needs. We use personal information you provide only for purposes consistent with the reason you provide it such as: Website Programs / Contests / Information Requests: Gardner-Gibson collects information necessary to meet your request for product samples, to enter contests, promotions, or to join website programs. This may include your name, postal address, e-mail address, and telephone number. We may ask your age to make sure you are old enough to participate. We may ask for other information such as the age of your home preferences to better customize your website experience or our offers to you. Samples: We may ask you to provide personal information or answer survey questions to receive samples or other offers. Surveys: We may ask you to provide general information such as household size and interests if you choose to participate in website surveys. You can always choose not to participate. Consumer Services: We may request personal information so we can follow up with you as necessary if you contact our consumer service representatives. Consumer Research: We may ask if you want to participate in consumer research about our products or services. If you choose to participate, we may ask you additional information to help us better understand your needs. You can always choose not to participate. Web Purchases: If our website provides the option to purchase products, and you choose to make an online purchase, we will ask for your credit card information. Non-personal Internet Information: Gardner-Gibson may collect non-personal information such as browser type, operating system, and web pages visited to help manage our websites and make sure web pages display correctly. Other Information: We may obtain other information about you such as change of address or demographic information from commercially available sources. We may also obtain contact information through commercially available mailing lists. Information Sharing Gardner-Gibson will not share personal information with third parties (other marketers) unless we have clearly asked for and obtained your explicit consent. If you have not provided your consent, we will not share your personal information. If you provided your consent to share your personal information with other companies, we may share that information with companies who offer products and services that may be of interest to you. These companies may then contact you directly. Gardner-Gibson may use other companies to mail product samples, manage websites or contact contest winners on our behalf. Gardner-Gibson will temporarily provide these companies with only the personal information they need to provide these services. We require these companies to protect this personal information to the same standard Gardner-Gibson does and to not use the information for any other purpose. If a Gardner-Gibson brand is sold to another company, personal information provided to that brand may be transferred to the purchaser. When required by law, and / or public authorities, Gardner-Gibson will disclose personal information. Information Security Gardner-Gibson is committed to keeping personal information secure. We have appropriate technical, administrative and physical procedures in place to protect personal information from loss, misuse or alteration. We limit access to information to individuals who have a business need consistent with the reason the information was provided. We keep personal information only for a reasonably needed amount of time. When we contract with other companies to provide services for Gardner-Gibson and then temporarily provide personal information with them for that purpose, we require those companies to protect the information to the same standard Gardner-Gibson does. Contact Us If you have questions or concerns regarding your privacy, please contact Gardner-Gibson directly. Gardner-Gibson P. O. Box 5447 Tampa, FL 33675 Gardner-Gibson is committed to working with consumers to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern about privacy. We cooperate with country data protection authorities if they believe that a privacy problem has occurred. Your Acceptance of Our Privacy Statement By using this website or any other Gardner-Gibson website, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Statement, and you adhere to the terms and conditions posted on the website. If you do not agree with any of these terms in, please do not use this website or submit any personal information. This clause is not enforceable in member states of the European Union. Changes to This Privacy Statement We will post changes to this online statement and update the effective date when this statement is updated. Last updated: December 2005