http://www.mrlinsurance.co.uk/about-us/terms-and-conditions
We use cookies to collect information about how you use
mrlinsurance.co.uk . To accept cookies please click 'Accept and Close'. Or if you would like to disable non-essential cookies, please
click here.
By continuing to use this site, you agree to our use of cookies.
Accept & close
Thank you.
Your preferences have been saved and we have disabled all non-essential cookies for you. Please visit our cookie policy for more information about cookies on this website
Toggle navigation
Single Trip Insurance
Annual Travel Insurance
Winter Sports Insurance
Senior Travel Insurance
Medical Conditions
Car Hire Excess Insurance
Start your travel insurance quote!
MRL Insurance offers a wide range of cover for your holiday. Get a quote today and make sure your trip is protected.
Get a quote
Terms of Business
Policy Wording
Buy with Confidence:
24 hour emergency assistance
Secure online booking
Buy with Security:
Terms and Conditions
Policies
Policies are sent by e mail as soon as your insurance is booked. Your policy will contain the terms and conditions relevant to the category of insurance you are purchasing and should be checked carefully to ensure you understand the policy you have booked. If you require your policy to be posted this will incurr a small extra fee to cover our costs.
Refund Guarantee
If after receiving your policy you feel that it does not suit your requirements, let us know within 14 days and we will give you a full refund of premium paid, as long as you have not travelled or made a claim.
Privacy & Data Protection
MRL Insurance Direct is registered on the Data Protection Register - registration number Z7712253. Any data we hold in our computer is security protected and we will not reveal any information to any third party other than our associated companies without your agreement. You will not receive any marketing emails from MRL Insurance without your consent. We will never collect any sensitive information about you without your explicit consent. The type of information we will collect from you includes- your name, address, phone number, email address, date of birth, credit/debit card details. You can check the information that we hold about you by emailing us. If you find any inaccuracies we will delete or correct it promptly. Please see our comprehensive privacy statement.
Security
This site has security measure in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. The personal information which we hold will be held securely in accordance with our security policy, the law and the Which? Web Trader Code. Our web site uses industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to allow for the encryption of all your personal information, including your credit card number. The Internet is very much a public network but at no time are any of your details transmitted in an unencrypted format. If you have any questions/comments about privacy, you should email us at info@mrlinsurance.co.uk.
If you are still worried about giving your credit card details on the Internet, you can phone us to purchase your insurance at the numbers listed under customer service.
Your Statutory Rights
Your consumers' statutory rights are not affected by our terms and conditions.
Jurisdiction
These terms and conditions will be governed by English Law unless we agree otherwise.
Travel Insurance
Annual Multi-trip Travel Insurance
Single Trip Travel Insurance
Winter Sports Travel Insurance
Senior Citizens Travel Insurance
Pre-existing Medical Condition Travel Insurance
MRL Insurance:
About Us
Contact Us
Policy Documentation
Frequently Asked Questions
Terms & Conditions
Cookie Policy
Privacy Notice
MRL Insurance Direct is a trading style of ROCK Insurance Services Limited.
Policies are underwritten by Euroins AD.
0343 658 0230
Call Centre Open:
Monday - Friday: 10am - 4pm
©2020
mrlinsurance.co.uk