https://www.harrodsport.com/privacy-policy
Basket
0 Item(s)
Subtotal
£0.00
View Basket
Apply a Coupon
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Harrod Sport are committed to respecting the privacy of users entering this site and we recognise the importance of the responsible use of information collected on this site. The purpose of this policy therefore is to explain to you rather than appraise you the nature of the information we record and store about you and the way in which it is used. We reserve the right to alter the policy from time to time at our sole discretion.
What information are we collecting?Any personal details you knowingly provide us with through forms and our email, such as name, address, telephone number etc. Your preferences and use of email updates, recorded by emails we send you (if you select to receive email updates on Harrod Sport products). Your IP Address, this is a string of numbers unique to your computer that is recorded by our web server when you request any page or component on the Website. This information is used to monitor your usage of the website. Data recorded by the website which allows us to recognise you and your preferred settings, this saves you from re-entering information on return visits to the site. Such data is recorded locally on your computer through the use of cookies. Most browsers can be programmed to reject, or warn you before downloading cookies, information regarding this may be found in your browsers 'help' facility.When will this information be used?We always want to provide you with the best possible service, so we would like to keep you informed about the range of products provided by Harrod Sport. This may include news of promotions, product launches and more information on our product range. We will only ever contact you via email and we will only do so if you have agreed to receive communication from us. You can unsubscribe from receiving marketing emails at any time. On our website we may provide space for your comments and/or provide a short survey for you to complete. This is used only to help us refine the content and relevance of our website. It is not re-used or re-applied for any other purpose.Controlling your personal informationYou may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways: whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box on the 'Contact Us' section where you can indicate that you do not wish for your details to be passed onto one of our distributors. If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at webadmin@harrod.uk.com . You have the right to access and correct your personal information at any time.Sharing Your Data We will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone. Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.Aggregate Data In general, our service automatically gathers certain usage information about the numbers and frequency of visitors to our website. We only use such data as aggregate. This collected data helps us to determine how much our customers use parts of the site, so we can improve our site for your use.IP Address We may collect and track traffic by IP address. An IP address is a number assigned to your computer when you use your browser on internet. We log this information, but this information is never linked to any personally identifying information. It is used to audit the number of visitors coming to our website.CookiesAs is common practice with almost all websites, we track your visit to our site by giving you a cookie when you enter, unless you have opted to disable these. Cookies are pieces of information sent to your browser on a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive for record keeping purposes. We use Cookies to make visiting our site easier. Cookies allow us to save passwords for you so that you will not have to re-enter them the next time you visit. Cookies cannot be used to obtain other information from your hard disk. The Cookie is used to collect statistical information and is not used to identify individuals.Most browsers are initially set up to accept Cookies. If you prefer you can reset your browser either to notify you when you have received a Cookie or to refuse to accept Cookies.It is important to note that if you choose not accept Cookies, or you set your browser not to accept Cookies, you may not be able to use certain features on our site.Cookies used on this sitelaravel_sessionUsed by the CMS to monitor user sessions_galiGoogle analytics, 20 minutes - used for enhanced link attribution_gatGoogle analytics, 20 minutes - stores no user information (used to throttle requests to google)_hjIncludedInSampleHotjar, session - provides tracking for Hotjar to recognise visitors in funnels_gid Google analytics, 24 hours - provides usage analytics for individual usersX-Mapping-[xxxxxx]Load balancer, session - this is added by the load balancer used on the rackspace hosting system (and will therefore be removed when the site moves to the new hosting)_gaGoogle analytics, 50 months - provides usage analytics for individual usersPlease be aware that disabling and/or deleting cookies can affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit; and could prevent you from being able to use this website to its highest capability.You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser. To find out how to do this, see the "Help" section in your browser, or learn more about cookies and how to manage them on a wide variety of browsers at http://www.aboutcookies.org.Privacy Policy Changes If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone.If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the webadmin@harrod.uk.com . We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.By accessing or using this website, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.