http://www.proxygovernance.com/folioinvesting/important-disclosures/privacy-security/
Folio Investing | Online Investment Account Privacy & Security
Folio Investing
1 (888) 973-7890
Open New Account
Free 60 Day Trial
Log In
MENU
Open New Account
Free 60 Day Trial
Log In
The Folio Advantage™
Ready-to-Go Folios™
Brokerage Features
Pricing
About Us
VIA Folio®
Folio Institutional
Contact Us
Help
Blog
Privacy & Security
Keeping Your Account Safe
Important Disclosures
Privacy & Security
Privacy Policy
Order Routing Report
Business Continuity Plan
Site Availability
Risks of Investing
Our Patents
Financial Statement
Account Protection and Security
We protect your assets with proven technology, processes, and insurance. Keeping your account information secure is of primary importance. Below are a few of the precautions you should know about.
Privacy Policy
Please review our Privacy Policy and Privacy Notice to understand how we may collect, use, share, and keep information about you, the purposes for which we use the information and the choices that are available to you.
FDIC Insurance
Cash deposits at Folio Investing are swept into our Bank Sweep Program and are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), an independent agency created by the U.S. Congress in 1933 to help maintain public confidence in the nation’s financial system. One of its primary duties is to insure deposits in banks and thrift institutions. The FDIC also examines and supervises member institutions. If you would like more information about FDIC insurance, visit www.fdic.gov or call the FDIC Consumer Hotline at 1-877-ASK-FDIC (1-877-275-3342).
Learn more about extended FDIC insurance coverage with Folio Investing.
SIPC and Supplemental Insurance
Folio Financial Investments, Inc. is a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC). A brochure explaining the coverage provided by SIPC is available on SIPC’s website at www.sipc.org. In addition to SIPC coverage, we have purchased supplemental customer securities insurance. Neither SIPC nor the supplemental insurance coverage protect against losses resulting from a decline in the market value of securities.
Website Protection
Customer Access To Account Information
You create your own account username and password to securely log into folioinvesting.com. We store your password in encrypted form and our employees do not have access to them. When you contact us by phone, our customer service representatives will always ask for account verification information before providing you with assistance. Our customer service representatives will never ask you for your account password under any circumstances.
Session Time-Out
You are automatically logged out of your account after 30 minutes of inactivity. This helps protect you from the potential threat of others accessing your account through an unattended computer.
Account Lock-Out
In the event that your password is locked, you will be required to contact Customer Service at 1-888-973-7890.
Encryption
We utilize Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption for all browser access to our web platform services to ensure that any data entered into our website is encrypted to and from the browser being used. Depending on the browser, you can verify that SSL is enabled by clicking on the small company logo to the left of the URL, the padlock, or the key icons in the address bar. This action should display a digital certificate that verifies encryption and confirms the identity of our website. Check the certificate to ensure the web address that displays in the URL at the top of your browser matches the address on the certificate, that the certificate is signed by a trusted certificate authority, and that the date is current. Do not log into an account from any website if you’re unable to verify all of these items.
Protect Your Password
Your password is the key to your account. Don’t share it with others or store it as a file on your computer. Avoid using public computers, like those in cafes, libraries, hotels, etc. to access your account. They may contain keystroke monitoring software that Internet thieves can use to steal your username and password.
Password Protection Tips
Use a combination of numbers, symbols and letters
Avoid the obvious, like a child’s name or spouse’s birthday
Use different passwords for each financial account you own
Do not give you password to anyone, including us
Visit Frequently
Monitoring activity in your account is vital to your account’s security. Check it regularly and note account information displayed on your Accounts page for accuracy.
Once online you should also periodically review your monthly statements and trading confirmations in Statements & Tax Records. Be sure to report irregularities to Customer Service immediately.
Security Software
Be sure to keep your anti-virus and anti-spyware software up to date. There are many free and paid solutions on the market.
Log Out
When you are done viewing your account remember to log out and close your browser. Failing to do so exposes you to online fraud.
Browser Compatibility Requirements
Our website and platform are compatible with the following web browsers:
Internet Explorer
Google Chrome (PC, Mac, Linux)
Mozilla Firefox (PC, Mac, Linux)
Apple Safari (PC, Mac)
Opera (PC, Mac)
We encourage use of the most current versions of web browsers for optimal browsing. If you have trouble using our website and you are not using one of these browsers, we suggest you try using one from the list above. All of these browsers can be downloaded for free and will deliver an optimal experience.
Email Safety
To protect yourself from online fraud, it is safer not to provide your usernames, passwords, or other personal information to websites that you reach through email links. You can go directly to the websites instead by typing their web addresses into your browser, searching for them online, or by using your bookmarks. You can find information about our products and services, or log into your account, by typing www.folioinvesting.com into your browser.
We deliver mandatory account alert emails to your Message Center and send copies to your personal email. You can choose not to receive the personal email copies by changing the Notification Settings in your Message Center.
Phishing
Internet phishing scams ask you to verify sensitive information through email. Do not reply to any email purporting to be from Folio Investing asking for personal account information.
What to Do If You Suspect Internet Fraud
Immediately report suspicious account activity by email using the contact us form on our website.
Building Better Investors since 2000
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Help Center
Careers
Legal
Important Disclosures
Privacy & Security
Financial Statement
Contact
Toll-free: 1 (888) 973-7890
International: 1 (703) 245-5772
Fax: 1 (703) 649-6288
Email:support@folioinvesting.com
Address
Folio Investing
8180 Greensboro Drive
8th Floor
McLean, VA 22102
Folio Investing on Facebook
Folio Investing on Twitter
Folio Investing on LinkedIn
©2020 by Folio Financial, Inc., a Goldman Sachs Company. All rights reserved. Brokerage, custody and clearing services are offered by Folio Investments, Inc., a registered broker-dealer and member FINRA/SIPC. Folio Investments, Inc. is a subsidiary of Folio Financial, Inc.
Folios can be managed by an investment advisor or unmanaged and are not registered investment companies.
Folio Financial, Inc, and Folio Investments, Inc. are affiliates of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and subsidiaries of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., a worldwide, full-service investment banking, broker-dealer, asset management and financial services organization. The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries and employees (collectively, "Goldman Sachs") are engaged in businesses and have interests other than the services provided by Folio Financial, Inc. and its subsidiaries.