http://www.arcaudio.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Top menu
International
US/Rep Locator
Galleries
Dealer Locator
News
Reviews
Product Reviews
Vehicle Install Reviews
Videos
Main navigation
Car Audio
Motorcycle Audio
Marine / Powersports Audio
Installation Solutions
Parts and Accessories
Gear
Support
Product Manuals
Software Downloads
Pro Series DSP Software Download
PS8 DSP Software Download
PSM DSP Software
Catalogs
Tech Talk
Video Tutorials
Repair/Warranty Request
Privacy Policy
The GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) is an EU-wide privacy and data protection law that gives individuals more control over their personal data. It places certain obligations on businesses that process information of individuals.
We welcome these changes, and have made a number of updates to our Privacy Policy, to comply with the transparency requirements under GDPR. We have also taken this opportunity to implement GDPR controls as our baseline standard for all our operations, worldwide.
Effective date: May 25, 2018
ARC Audio ("us", "we", or "our") operates the http://www.arcaudio.com website (the "Service"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from http://www.arcaudio.com
ARC Audio's Privacy Commitment
ARC Audio has had rising concern about customer and user privacy for over 20 years, long before it the right thing to do or legally binding to take such a position. We will continue to ask for only the least amount of information necessary, gathering only what we believe is essential for doing business, or for the specific transaction at hand. We let customers know the information we have on them and allow them to opt out of specific engagements.
Definitions
Service and Domain
Service is http://www.arcaudio.com website operated by ARC Audio Inc
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Data Controller
Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
Data Processors (or Service Providers)
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject (or User)
Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.|
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Information that you provide us-
i. Account sign up : When you sign up for an account to access one or more of our services, Quivers (our payment and transaction service provider) will ask for information like your name, contact number, email address,  and country to complete the account signup process. You'll also be required to choose a unique username and a password for accessing the created account. This account security details are not accessible by ARC Audio Inc USA or Quivers and if lost will require you to reset your user information and receive electronics instructions on how to reset your account.
This may include personal data in which we (Or Quivers) may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally, identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.
ii. Payment processing: When you buy something from us, we ask you to provide your name, contact information, and credit card information or other payment account information. When you submit your card information, this information is processed and stored with our processing vendor “Quivers”. Quivers will store the name and address of the cardholder, the expiry date and the last four digits of the credit card number. Neither ARC Audio or Quivers will store the actual credit card number. For quick processing of future payments, if you have given us your approval, we may store your credit card information or other payment information in an encrypted format in the secured servers of Quivers Payment Gateway Service Providers.
iii. Testimonials : When you authorize us to post testimonials or reviews about our products on the ARCAudio.com website, we may include only your name in the testimonial. You will be given an opportunity to review and approve the testimonial before we post it. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us
Information that we collect automatically when visiting arcaudio.com
i. Information from browsers, devices and servers: When you visit arcaudio.com, we collect information that web browsers, mobile devices and servers make available, such as the internet protocol address, browser type, language preference, time zone, referring URL, date and time of access, operating system, mobile device manufacturer and mobile network information. We include these in our log files to understand more about visitors to our websites.
ii. Information from first party cookies and tracking technologies: We use temporary and permanent cookies to identify users of our services and to enhance user experience. We embed unique identifiers in our downloadable products to track usage of the products. We also use cookies, beacons, tags, scripts, and other similar technologies to identify visitors, track website navigation, gather demographic information about visitors and users, understand email campaign effectiveness and for targeted visitor and user engagement by tracking your activities on our websites. We only use first-party cookies and do not use third-party cookies or other third-party tracking technologies on our websites.
iii. Information from application logs and mobile analytics: We collect information about your use of our products, services and mobile applications from application logs and in-house usage analytics tools, and use it to understand how your business use and needs can improve our products. This information includes clicks, scrolls, features accessed, access time and frequency, errors generated, performance data, storage utilized, user settings and configurations, and devices used to access and their locations.
Usage Data
We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information. Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Information that we collect from third parties
i. Information from social media sites and other publicly available sources: When you interact or engage with us on social media sites such as Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and Instagram through posts, comments, questions and other interactions, we may collect such publicly available information, including profile information, to allow us to connect with you, improve our products, or better understand user reactions and issues. We must tell you that once collected, this information may remain with us even if you delete it from the social media sites.
Use of Data
ARC Audio uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can
improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data
Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), ARC Audio legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
ARC Audio may process your Personal Data because:
We need to perform a contract with you
You have given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it's not overridden by your rights
For payment processing purposes
To comply with the law
Retention of Data
ARC Audio will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
ARC Audio will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes.
Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer. ARC Audio will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
Employees of ARC Audio Inc USA  have access to the information covered in Part I on a need-to-know basis. We require all employees follow this Privacy Policy for personal information that we share with them
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, ARC Audio may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
ARC Audio may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of ARC Audio
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
"Do Not Track" Signals
We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
External links within our website
Some pages on our website may include links o websites that are not linked to this privacy policy. As we have no control over these third-party sites we do not recommend that you provide any personal details or information until you have had a chance to review the sites privacy policies.
Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. ARC Audio aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us. In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you.
Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification.
You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object.
You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction.
You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability.
You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent.
You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where ARC Audio relied on
your consent to process your personal information. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.  You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g.payment processors/Quivers).
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The payment processors we work with are:
Quivers
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://quiversprod.blob.core.windows.net/common/PrivacyPolicy.pdf
Stripe
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://stripe.com/us/privacy
PayPal or Braintree
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Website/Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children"). In compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Security Standards
All information platforms, communication portals, information gateways, payment processing systems and order collection servers are operated with the latest in SSL (Secure Server Software) and is among the best software available for secure commerce transactions. With complete encryption and redundant security communications portals we go the extra mile to assure that your information is safe as it travels over the internet. For this reason, we do NOT accept billing details or credit card info delivered by email. Email is not secure therefor you should never include credit card, checking, login or password information by any form of email.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By visiting this page on our website: http://www.arcaudio.com/privacy-policy
By phone number: 209-543-8706>
About Us
Copyright & Trademark Notices
Contact
Online & Internet Sales Policies
Privacy Policy
Copyright ©2018 Arc Audio Inc, All Rights Reserved.
Main navigation
Car Audio
Motorcycle Audio
Marine / Powersports Audio
Installation Solutions
Parts and Accessories
Gear
Support
Product Manuals
Software Downloads
Pro Series DSP Software Download
PS8 DSP Software Download
PSM DSP Software
Catalogs
Tech Talk
Video Tutorials
Repair/Warranty Request
Top menu
International
US/Rep Locator
Galleries
Dealer Locator
News
Reviews
Product Reviews
Vehicle Install Reviews
Videos
Dealers