https://www.paxton-access.com/cookie-policy/
Home
Cookie policy
Cookie Policy
Introduction
We use cookies on our website. By using our website you agree to this Policy and you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
Who are we?
Any reference to “we”, “us” and “our” is to Paxton Access Limited.
Paxton Access Limited is registered in England and Wales (registered number is 1879474) with registered office at Paxton House, Home Farm Road, Brighton, East Sussex, BN1 9HU. VAT registration number is GB 219 381 991.
About Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
There are two main kinds of cookies: “session” cookies and “persistent” cookies. Session cookies only last for the duration of users using the website and are deleted from your computer when you close your browser, whereas persistent cookies outlast user sessions and remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach their expiry date.
Cookies on this Website
We use Session Cookies and Persistent Cookies on this website.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
to improve the website’s usability
to administer this website
Generally, we use cookies to help us administer this website, and to improve the website’s usability. The data is anonymous, and does not track your progress through the site. When leaving the site, the cookie is deleted.
Cookies do not contain any information that personally identifies you, a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you.
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Third Party Cookies
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store and use this information. Google’s privacy policy is available at www.google.com/privacypolicy.html
Most browsers allow you to reject all cookies, whilst some browsers allow you to reject just third party cookies. You can find out more about how cookies work, and how to manage them at allaboutcookies.org
Controlling & Disabling Cookies
If you disable cookies you may find that certain sections of our website will not work. For example, you may have difficulties logging-in or adding items to your basket. We use cookies to help users get the most from our website.
Your ability to control the cookies you accept depends on the type of browser you are currently using. For the best on-line experience, we recommend you use Internet Explorer 7.0 or higher. You can order your browser to accept all cookies or to alert you each time a cookie is offered. This way you can decide whether to accept one or not.
Internet Explorer 7.0 or 8.0:
Choose Tools, then
Click Internet Options
Click then Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the top to block all cookies or to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK.
Internet Explorer 9.0:
Choose Tools, thenClick Internet Options
Click Privacy Tab and click on the Advanced Button
Now, you can Allow or Block First-Party Cookies and Third-Party Cookies and then click OK
Firefox 3.6:
Choose Tools, then
Options
Click the Privacy tab,
Use Custom settings for history
Check mark Accept cookies from sites to enable Cookies, and uncheck it to disable them
Choose how long cookies are allowed to be stored:
Keep until: they expire
Keep until: I close Firefox
Keep until: ask me every time
Click OK
Google Chrome:
Click the spanner icon on the browser toolbar
Select Options (Preferences on Mac and Linux; Settings on a Chrome book)
Click the Under the Bonnet tab
Click Content settings in the Privacy section
Click the Cookies tab in the Content Setting dialogue that appears
Safari:
From the Safari menu, click Preferences
From the Security dialogue box, from Accept Cookies, click to select Always
Click Close
This website cookies policy template is based on a free document supplied by The Legal Stop Limited through its website www.thelegalstop.co.ukClose [X]
Find an installer
Become an installer
Need help or have a question?
An error has occurred, please try again later.