http://www.moffattnichol.com/terms-and-conditions
Jump to navigation
Legal Notices
Moffatt & Nichol is a leading global infrastructure advisor specializing in the planning and design of facilities that shape our coastlines, harbors and rivers as well as an innovator in the transportation complexities associated with the movement of freight.
Privacy Statement
Moffatt & Nichol recognizes and respects the privacy of users of this web site.
When you choose to provide us with information about yourself, Moffatt & Nichol will act in a responsible manner and will use industry standard measures to protect the information under our control. Moffatt & Nichol may store and disclose personal information as allowed or required by applicable law, including making disclosures that are necessary or advisable to (a) protect the rights, safety or property of Moffatt & Nichol or others and (b) conform to legal or regulatory requirements. Without your express approval, however, Moffatt & Nichol will not trade, sell or rent your personal information but may collect and/or provide aggregate statistics about its web site and users to other parties. Moffatt & Nichol has no intention of collecting data from individuals under 13 years of age. When you view certain parts of the web site, information may be stored on your computer. This information will be in the form of a "Cookie" or similar file and will permit tailoring of the web site to better match your interests and/or preferences. This site, however, contains links to other web sites and Moffatt & Nichol does not control the privacy policies of those sites. See Linking. This privacy statement only applies to information collected and maintained by Moffatt & Nichol.
Terms of Use
By accessing or using this Website, you accept these Terms of Use, and we agree to abide by the Privacy Policy stated above. If you are unwilling to accept these Terms please exit our Website immediately.
Intellectual Property
The information on this web site, including, without limitation, all design, text, images, white papers, press releases and other information, is protected under United States and other copyright laws and is owned by Moffatt & Nichol or used under license from the copyright owner. The information may not, except under written license, be copied, reproduced, transmitted, displayed, performed, distributed, rented, sublicensed, altered, stored for subsequent use or otherwise used in whole or in part in any manner without Moffatt & Nichol’s prior written consent, except to the extent such use is authorized under the United States copyright laws. Moffatt & Nichol’s trademarks, logos, images and service marks used on this site are the property of Moffatt & Nichol and may not be used without permission from Moffatt & Nichol and then only with proper acknowledgment.
Confidential Information
Moffatt & Nichol discourages you from sending or posting to the web site any information that you consider to be confidential or proprietary. If you do send or post any such information or material, Moffatt & Nichol will assume that it is not confidential. By sending or posting any information or material, you grant Moffatt & Nichol an unrestricted, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, transmit and distribute those materials or information.
No Representations and Warranties
While Moffatt & Nichol attempts to ensure that only accurate information is presented on this Website, Moffatt & Nichol assumes no responsibility for, and makes no representations with respect to, the accuracy of the information presented here.  Therefore, all materials and information are presented "AS IS," and MOFFATT & NICHOL EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED OR EXPRESSED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RELATING TO SUCH MATERIAL. IN NO EVENT, SHALL MOFFATT & NICHOL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO YOUR ACCESS TO, OR USE OF, OUR WEBSITE OR THE INFORMATION OR MATERIAL PRESENTED HEREIN.
Linking
As a convenience, this web site contains links to other sites that are not controlled by, or affiliated or associated with, Moffatt & Nichol. Accordingly, Moffatt & Nichol does not make any representations concerning the privacy practices or terms of use of such sites, nor does Moffatt & Nichol control or guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of the data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, videos, messages or materials available on such sites. The inclusion or exclusion of a site does not imply endorsement by Moffatt & Nichol of the site, the site's provider or the information on the site.
Governing Law
The laws of the State of California, without reference to any choice of law provisions, shall govern any claims relating to our Website or to the materials on it. Moffatt & Nichol may revise this Privacy Policy & Terms of Use at any time. Revisions will be posted on the Website and users are responsible for reviewing this page periodically.