http://www.omegasecurities.com/disclosure-and-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Customer Significant Business Disruption (SBD) Disclosure
A Significant Business Disruption (SBD) is a situation which may cause stress to our firm and our customers as we provide our customers with financial services in the areas of transaction order receipts and order entry.
SBDs may take the following forms as a result of weather events, fire, or terrorists actions. They may affect our firm and our customers in varying degrees: a firm-only business disruption, a disruption to a single building, a disruption to a business district, a city-wide business disruption, and a regional disruption
To accomplish the goal of continuing to provide service to our customers in the event that we experience a SBD, we have developed and installed a Business Continuity Plan (BCP) in conjunction with Charles Schwab, Inc. We feel our BCP will provide seamless continuous service to our customers even if we are required to relocate our office to an alternate location. The two most serious challenges we will overcome is a regional loss of power and telecommunications.
In a SBD situation:
Your primary contact method will remain your registered representative's main telephone number as noted on your statement. In an SBD these phone lines will be forwarded to alternate cellular phone lines when possible.
During a SBD when the phone lines cannot be forwarded, a voice mail message feature has been added to our primary phone line. In an SBD you will receive an updated message on the current situation and the ability to leave a message or be given an alternative phone number. The Voice Mail Feature will continue to operate even with loss of power and telecommunication services.
Your secondary contact method, if your are unable to contact your representative directly, is our primary Main Office telephone number 817-335-5739. If this number is unavailable, you may contact us using our Main Office cellular telephone service number 817-727-0741. This service also has a message feature to update you on current events and also the ability for our customers to leave a message. Also can contact Charles Schwab at 877-738-6814.
While it is highly recommended that each customer maintain all statements from the companies, both our firm and associated firms with which we conduct business have established similar BCPs that contain alternate business locations and back-ups of all record. Each customer will receive pertinent information should we amend our Business Continuity Plan in any way that directly impacts our clients.
Privacy Policy
At Omega Wealth Partners, Inc., we are committed to protecting your privacy and the confidentiality of your personal and financial information. The measures we take to keep your personal information private and secure are outlined below.
Omega Wealth Partners, Inc. uses procedural, physical and electronic system safeguards to store and secure information about you in compliance with federal standards. Our systems protect your information from unauthorized access, alteration, and destruction. Access is permitted only to those individuals within our organization who need the information to perform their job responsibilities.
When we enter into agreements with other companies to provide services to us or to make products and services available to you, we include a confidentiality clause. Under such an agreement, these companies may receive information about you, but they may only use it for the intended purpose – to benefit you.
Persons Covered by the Privacy Policy
The Omega Wealth Partners, Inc. Privacy Policy applies to anyone who is a current or former Omega Wealth Partners, Inc. client. We provide you with a copy of this policy when you open an account, and we send you annual notifications thereafter. If we change our policy regarding the sharing of information, we will notify you in advance and give you the opportunity to “opt out” of such disclosure.
How We Obtain Information About You
In the normal course of business, we collect, retain and use information about you to serve your financial needs, administer your account(s) and inform you of products and services that may be of interest to you. This data, known as non-public personal information, may be collected from several sources, including: applications and other forms you file with us (e.g., name, assets, income), records of transactions with us our affiliates, non-affiliated third parties. Because we strive to provide you with the best possible service, the accuracy and completeness of your personal information is important to us. We ask that you review your information regularly to ensure that it is correct. Please contact your account representative if you need to correct or update your personal information.
Sharing Information – With Whom and Why
Omega Wealth Partners, Inc. does not sell your personal information to anyone. We restrict the types of information we share and the types of entities with whom we share it. The primary reason for sharing information about you is to increase your convenience in transacting business with us and to give you more financial service choices. We disclose personal information only to those that assist us in processing transactions for your account(s).
We disclose personal information in limited circumstances when we believe in good faith that disclosure is required or permitted under law. For example, we would provide information in cooperation with securities regulators or law enforcement authorities, to resolve consumer disputes.
Omega Wealth Partners, Inc. has multiple affiliates, including Omega Securities, Inc., JEHCO, Inc., & Omega II. Since the affiliates are all part of one corporate family, they work with one another and may work together to service your financial needs. The sharing of your information among our affiliates enables us to serve you more efficiently and makes it more convenient for you to do business with us. We are permitted by law to share information with our affiliates about your account history and your experiences with us. All of our affiliates follow similar privacy policies.
Internet Security
We do not retrieve account or personal information from visitors who browse our website.
Our Employees Consider Your Information Personal and Confidential
Omega Wealth Partners, Inc. employees use information about you to respond to your needs and to provide you with information about specific products in which you may have an interest. We instruct our employees to use strict standards of care in handling the personal, confidential information of customers and remind them on a regular basis of their obligations with regard to the confidentiality of customer information.
Option to Opt Out and Change Notices
If for any reason at any time in the future, we find it necessary to disclose any of your personal information in a way that is inconsistent with this policy, we will give you advance notice of the proposed change and the opportunity to opt out of such disclosure.
“Far more money has been lost by investors preparing for corrections or trying to anticipate corrections than has been lost in the corrections themselves.”
Peter Lynch
Get Started >
Omega Wealth Partners, Inc., Registered Investment Advisor • Omega Securities, Inc.,
Member FINRA / SIPC. All securities are offered through Omega Securities, Inc. Member
FINRA and SIPC. Omega Wealth Partners, Inc. is a registered investment advisor.