http://www.cohesive.uk.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Stories
Services
Discover your story
Craft your story
Share your story
Careers
Llamau Charity
Want to explore your purpose, discover a better story, shift opinions, find your tribe?
Contact Cohesive on
+44 1291 626200
or email purpose@wearecohesive.com
Head Office
1st Floor, Conrad House
1–2 Beaufort Square
Chepstow, NP16 5EP
+44 1291 626200
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Cohesive is a marketing agency working in the tech sector. We’ve given ourselves the mission to discover, craft and share stories powerful enough to make a positive difference in the world. Stories that mention technology, but are mostly about purpose.
Through our website we are able to collect personal data about you. We do this so that we can share our own story and other helpful and expert content with you – true to our purpose. However, we’re only going to do that with your consent. That last bit is extremely important to us. And we take the protection of your data extremely seriously.
Without getting to bamboozling levels of detail, we’re aiming for transparency about how we collect, store and use your data, and we’re stating it as simply as we know how.
What information are we collecting?
Website cookies
Cookies are small text files that are collected by your browser from websites you visit –  including ours – and stored on your computer’s hard disk or mobile device. Cookies help the website to remember your actions and preferences over a period of time, so you don’t have to re-enter them every time you come back. They also help us  – via Google Analytics – to build a picture of how the site is being used and how our content is being consumed, so that we can improve the experience. Most web browsers allow control of cookies through browser settings. You can also disable them, though this will affect the functionality of the Cohesive website (and other sites you visit).
Google Analytics
Cohesive uses an analytics tool provided by Google that incorporates cookies to provide reports about usage of the Cohesive website. We get information such as the numbers of unique visitors in any period of time, how they discovered the site, the journey that visitors follow through the site, and where most people spend the most amount of time. This data is anonymous. We do not track your IP address so we’ve no way of identifying you as an individual through Google Analytics.
Newsletter
If you sign up for ‘The Clec’ newsletter, you are giving us your consent for us to collect and store your name and email address so we can mail it to you. We use a third party provider called MailChimp (here’s their privacy policy) to send you our newsletter. We gather statistics around email openings and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our newsletter. We don’t rent or trade our email lists with anyone else.
Updates
If you sign up for updates, then you are giving us consent to contact you specifically when we have new, valuable content that we think will interest you. We will store your name and email address so that we can mail it to you. As we said above, we use MailChimp to do that.
Comment
If you comment on an article we publish on the Stories section of the Cohesive website we will collect and store your name, email address and your comment. We collect your email specifically so that you can be notified when one of us replies to your comment. Please note, your name and comment may be published on our website, but your email won’t be.
When you contact us…
When you reach out to us on purpose@wearecohesive.com we’ll collect your name, email address and any other personal details you share with us, for the purpose of fulfilling your request.
How long will we keep your personal data?
If you subscribe to our newsletter you give us your consent to mail it to you until you choose to unsubscribe, at which point we’ll remove your personal data from that mailing list. If you sign up for updates from us, we’ll keep your personal data for that purpose until you unsubscribe. If you contact us on purpose@wearecohesive, we retain these details as long as is necessary to fulfill your request. And if your comment is published on our blog we will keep your details for as long as your comment is live.
How to unsubscribe
You can unsubscribe from any of our mailing lists at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email. You can tell us to remove you from any or all mailing lists by emailing purpose@wearecohesive.com and asking us to.
Access to your personal information
You are entitled to view, amend or delete any personal data that we hold about you. To do this or for any queries about your data please contact us purpose@wearecohesive.com
Changes to this policy
We may, from time to time, update this policy if the services we offer on our website change, or how and what personal data we collect, store and process changes or if there are any changes to the data protection laws and regulations.
© Cohesive Communications
|
Registered in England & Wales #05633318 | Terms & Privacy Policy