http://www.ifoam.org/terms-conditions
Skip to main content
IFOAM - Organics International Network
Our regional bodies, national groups and sector platforms promoting organic throughout the world.
Regional Bodies
IFOAM AgriBioMediterraneo
IFOAM Asia
IFOAM Organics Europe
IFOAM Euro-Asia
IFOAM Latin America
IFOAM North America
IFOAM Southern African Network
National Groups
IFOAM France
IFOAM Iran
IFOAM Japan
Sector platforms
Animal Husbandry Alliance
IFOAM Apiculture Forum
IFOAM Aquaculture
Intercontinental Network of Organic Farmers Organisations - INOFO
IFOAM Seeds Platform
Technology Innovation Platform
About IFOAM - Organics International       Membership Directory
Terms & Conditions
Welcome to the International Federation of Organic Agriculture Movements e.V. (commonly referred to as IFOAM – Organics International) website. We want you to feel secure when you browse our website. Our website is subject to the following Terms and Conditions (Terms) as well as our Privacy Policy.
These Terms and Conditions (referred to as Terms) describe how IFOAM – Organics International operates its website “www.ifoam.bio”. The Terms are designed to help our visitors, members, affiliates, advocates, subscribers, supporters, and/or volunteers to understand the purpose of the website. You may come across references or affiliates’ links, however these Terms and Conditions are only applicable to this website.
We recommend that you carefully read, save, or download these Terms and Conditions before accessing and using our website (www.ifoam.bio) or privacy policies of any third-party websites you visit or services that you use.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding these Terms and Conditions, please contact us as privacy@ifoam.bio
Terms of Use
Your access and use of www.ifoam.bio is conditional upon your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users, and others who access our website.
By accessing www.ifoam.bio, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of these terms, you may not be able to access or use the website.
IFOAM – Organics International may change these terms and conditions at any time by amending this page. Please check this page from time to time and take note of any changes. Your continued use of the website constitutes your acceptance of any modified terms and conditions.
You agree to use the website only for lawful purposes, and in a manner that does not infringe on the rights, restrict, or inhibit the use and enjoyment of the website by any third-party.
Intellectual Property Rights
Use of our website and its content does not transfer or otherwise grant any user rights or interests in IFOAM – Organics International’s intellectual property rights or any intellectual property rights owned by third-party.
Commercial use or publication of the content on this website is strictly prohibited without prior authorization from IFOAM – Organics International. Nothing contained in these Terms and Conditions confers any license to use any content on this website.
Pages from our website may be printed or copied for personal use only. Our status, and that of any identified contributors, as the authors of material on our website must always be acknowledged. You may not modify the content or digital copies of any materials you have printed or downloaded in any way.
Some images, texts, or videos have been published on the website with the permission of third-party copyright owners. All rights on these documents are reserved by these owners and permission to copy them must be requested from the individual copyright owners (the sources are indicated within these photos or videos).
Links to Third-Parties
Our website may contain links to third-party websites, blogs, websites, or services that are not owned, operated, or controlled by IFOAM – Organics International.
IFOAM – Organics International has no control or authority over these third-party resources and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites, website or services. You acknowledge and agree that IFOAM – Organics International shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by, or in connection with, the use of or reliance on any such content, goods, or services available on or through any such websites or services.
In no event shall IFOAM – Organics International or its third-party service providers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use, or inability to use, the materials.
These Terms also apply to following third-parties’ platforms we use:
Google AdSense, Google Analytics with Anonymized IP, Piwik, Twitter Ads Conversion and WordPress Stats for developing user data advertise communication purposes by tracking interaction with our content and ads.
Amazon Smile for donation affiliation by reaching out to potential contributors looking to contribute to a cause.
MailChimp for maintaining regular contact with our subscribers.
PayPal and Stripe for handling payments, offering secure, and faster payment gateways.
Hetzner Online GmbH for hosting backend infrastructure.
AddThis, ShareThis, Buffer, Facebook Like, Google+, LinkedIn, Pinterest “Pin It”, YouTube, Hootsuite and Twitter Tweet for buttons and social widgets to curate, display, and distribute rich media content.
SurveyMonkey for organizational surveys and questionnaires to increase brand identity, value, and equity.
AdWords Remarketing, Facebook Custom Audience, Facebook Remarketing, Remarketing through Google Analytics, Twitter Remarketing for remarketing and behavioral retargeting.
Feedburner and FeedPress for RSS feed distribution.
Akismet for SPAM protection.
Content Publication
IFOAM – Organics International takes no responsibility for the content owned and operated by third-party websites and has no control or authority over them. The fact that we include links to other websites does not mean that our website approves of or endorses any third-party website or the content of that website. We accept no liability for any statements, information, products, or services that are published on or are accessible through any websites owned or operated by third-parties.
To access and use our website, you must comply with these Terms and Conditions and, in particular, the content standards below:
You warrant that with these Terms and Conditions, and you indemnify us for any breach of that warranty (meaning that you must reimburse us for any costs we incur as a result of your breaching those standards).
Any communication or material that you transmit or submit via our webforms including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary information.
We will not be responsible or liable to any third-party for the content or accuracy of any materials submitted by you or any other user of our website.
User License
Permission to download copies of the material on the IFOAM – Organics International’s website is granted only for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
Use the material for any commercial purpose or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial).
Remove the IFOAM – Organics International watermark, any copyright, or other proprietary notations from the material.
Transfer the material to another person or “mirror” the material on any other server.
Termination
We may terminate, or immediately suspend, access to our website without prior notice or liability for any reason whatsoever, including, without limitation, for breaches to our Terms and Conditions.
All provisions of these Terms, which by their nature should survive termination, shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the new data protection regulations (GDPR) which entered into effect on May 25, 2018. Any claim relating to IFOAM – Organics International shall be governed by the laws of the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Terms of Use Modifications
IFOAM – Organics International may revise these Terms at any time without notice. We reserve this right, at our sole discretion, to modify, or replace, these Terms and Conditions at any time. By using this website you agree to be bound by the current version of these Terms and Conditions.
By continuing to access and use our website after revisions take effect, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop accessing and using IFOAM – Organics International’s website. We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these Terms to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Contact Us
If you have questions about these Terms and Conditions, you may contact us at communications@ifoam.bio.
Our contact information can also be found under our Privacy Policy.
Charles-de-Gaulle-Strasse 5
53113 Bonn
Germany
contact@ifoam.bio
+49-228-92650-10
Imprint Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions
©IFOAM - Organics International, 2020