http://www.lgh.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Tel: 03704 247 247
Email:
enquiries@lgh.co.uk
Enquiry Basket
Skip to content
Home
Equipment
Hoisting
Pulling
Jacking
Rigging
Material Handling
Safety
Sectors
About
Our History
Mission & Vision
Locations
Case Studies
Partners
Accreditations
Testing and Certifications
Careers at LGH
Resources
News
Contact
Search LGH
Search
Search
1. Introduction
This privacy notice explains why we collect your personal information, what we collect, what we do with it and the conditions in which we may disclose it to others.
This policy applies to LGH Ltd. To fulfil our contractual requirements to you we may share your data between our group companies / partners.
LGH Ltd are the Data Controller in the relationship between LGH Ltd and the employee, customer, & supplier.
This policy may be updated from time to time and is freely available to all stakeholders of LGH Ltd in a shared drive and company website.
2. Definition of Data Protection Terms
Data is recorded information whether stored electronically, on a computer, or in certain paper-based filing systems.
Data subjects – for this policy include all living individuals about whom LGH Ltd holds personal data. A data subject need not be a UK national or resident. All data subjects have legal rights in relation to their personal information.
Personal data means data relating to a living individual who can be identified from that data (or from that data and other information in possession of the company). Personal data can be factual (such as a name, address or date of birth) or it can be an opinion (such as a performance appraisal). It can even include a simple e-mail address. It is important that the information has the data subject as its focus and affects the individual’s privacy in some way. Mere mention of someone’s name in a document does not constitute personal data, but personal details such as someone’s contact details or salary would still fall within the scope of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2018.
Data controllers – are the people or organisations who determine the purposes and the way any personal data is processed. They have a responsibility to establish practices and policies in line with the Act.
Data Processors – include any person who processes personal data on behalf of a data controller. Employees of data controllers are excluded from this definition, but it could include suppliers which handle personal data on the company’s behalf.
Processing is any activity that involves use of the data. It includes obtaining, recording or holding the data, or carrying out any operation or set of operations on the data including organising, amending, retrieving, using, disclosing, erasing or destroying it. Processing also includes transferring personal data to third parties.
Sensitive Personal data includes information about a person’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or similar beliefs, trade union membership, physical or mental health or condition or sexual life, or about the commission of, or proceedings for, any offence committed or alleged to have been committed by that person, the disposal of such proceedings or the sentence of any court in such proceedings. Sensitive personal data can only be processed under strict conditions, including a condition requiring the express permission of the person concerned.
3. How we use your information
Employees
During your employment and for a period after we may process the following information:
Name, address, telephone number – this information is used to contact you during your employment to fulfil our employment contract.
Next of kin – this information is collected in compliance with employment law so we have a point of contact in the unlikely event you are involved in an accident at work or we have concerns and are unable to contact you following an extended period of unauthorised absence. This information will be collected at the start of your employment from your application form. This information is only available to your line manager unless otherwise stated.
Performance Achievement Reviews and any associated Improvement Plans – this is available to your line manager and office manager and is processed for the legitimate of interests of LGH Ltd to ensure you are suitable and competent for your role, and to ensure you have all the support you need to complete your tasks.
Contract information including salary – these are processed to meet our contractual obligations to you, such as fulfil holiday entitlement requests and process salary payments. Salary information will be shared with payroll and your line manager. Your contract of employment may be shared with your line manager on request.
If any of the information changes at any time you can update your records by contacting the office manager. This information may also be shared with our insurance companies.
Unless otherwise stated above your data will be kept for seven years following the end of your employment as required by employment law.
Customers
During fulfilling our contractual obligations to you, we may gather and process the following personal data. We use this data solely for the purposes of meeting our contractual requirements with you, the customer, as defined below.
The data may be provided directly by you, or your employer if our contract is with them:
Name, address, email address and telephone number – we will use this to contact you to discuss product requirements. We will also use your information to invoice accordingly.
Contact telephone numbers and email addresses – will be used for business use only. Email and contact numbers will never be shared with any other organisation without your prior consent. This is in the legitimate interest of LGH Ltd to ensure all customers meets our contractual requirements.
Your data will only be kept as long as it is required to deliver your contractual requirements in line with our retention policy, statutory and regulatory requirements.
Suppliers
The personal data we obtain from suppliers is as follows.
Supplier registration questionnaires – this information is used to review your company’s qualifications as a potential supplier. When you choose to participate in the supplier registration process you will be asked to provide information about your company and its capabilities together with certain personally identifiable information such as contact information for key personnel. The information that you provide will be used to assist us in matching your company’s capabilities to our supplier requirements. This information will also be used to contact and identify you throughout the supplier evaluation process.
Bank account details – this information will be used to ensure prompt payments are made within the terms of our contract.
Contact telephone numbers and email addresses – will be used for business use only. Email and contact numbers will never be shared with any other organisation without your prior consent. This is in the legitimate interest of LGH Ltd to ensure all customers meets our contractual requirements.
Your data will only be kept as long as it is required to deliver your contractual requirements in line with our retention policy, statutory and regulatory requirements.
4. Recipients of data
To fulfil the requirements of our customer contracts we may use third party providers’ platforms. We have privacy agreements in place with all our suppliers and have a rigorous selection process to ensure your data is protected at all times.
We will never transmit your data outside the European Economic Area (EEA) without your prior written consent.
5. Our Website
The website is the property of LGH Ltd. We take the privacy of all visitors to our website very seriously and therefore set out in this privacy policy our position regarding certain privacy matters and the use of cookies on our website.
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Our website may contain links to other websites. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we may not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
6. LGH Ltd Commitment In line with the requirements of the European General Data Protection Regulation 2018 (GDPR)
LGH Ltd commit to the following:
Your data will only be used as you intended it, to deliver your contractual requirements and any additional requests which come from you,
Your data will never be bartered or sold
Your data will only be given to law enforcement when legal process has been followed
Your data will never be given to
7. Your rights Under the GDPR
You have the following rights, which we will honour at all times:
The right to be informed – this privacy policy outlines how and why we process your data
The right of access –you may request a copy of all your personal data held by LGH Ltd at any time
Right to rectification – if you believe any data we hold is incorrect you may request we update it
Right to erasure – you have the right to request your information be removed from our systems at any time. We will fulfil this request as long as it does not conflict with legal or contractual requirements
Right to restrict processing – you may limit what data of yours we process and how, at any time, as long as it does not conflict with legal or contractual requirements
Right to data portability – we are obliged to make your information available in a legible format to your chosen company if you choose to leave us
Right to object – at any time you may object to the processing of your data, details how are below in section 8
Rights related to automated decision making – we do not use automated decision making platforms
8. Contact Us
Any questions concerning this policy should be sent to enquiries@lgh.co.uk, or our registered Head Office address: 120 Bolton Road Atherton, Manchester, M46 9JZ, alternatively call 03704 247 247 and ask to speak to the Compliance Manager.
If you would like to make a complaint or request access to your data you can also use these contact details. Our complaints and subject access request policies are available on request.
9. Complaints
If you are unsatisfied with how we’ve handled a complaint in regard to your personal data, you can contact the Information Commissioners Office at https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/
TweetSharePinShare
LGH Newsletter
Sign up for the latest news from LGH
Your NameYour Email
Subscribe
LGH Quick Links
Accreditations
Case Studies
News
Resources
Locations
Contact
Equipment
Hoisting
Pulling
Jacking
Rigging
Material Handling
Safety
Connect With LGH
LGH on Facebook
LGH on Twitter
LGH on LinkedIn
© Copyright 2020 - LGH
Privacy Policy
Legal
Accessibility
Sitemap
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. AcceptReject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Enquire Now