http://www.stellate.com/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Privacy Statement
Natus Medical Incorporated Privacy Policy
Who is collecting the data?
Welcome to natus.com. This site is owned and maintained by Natus Medical Incorporated (“Natus”). This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) is intended to inform you about our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of any information that you may provide through your use of this website. Please read this Policy in its entirety before using or submitting information to this website.
By utilizing this website, you agree to comply with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. Further, any submission of information via this website, grants consent to the collection, use, and disclosure within Natus Medical Incorporated and its affiliated and subsidiary companies of that submitted information in accordance with this Policy and the specific consent or consents you may provide at the time of submission.
What data is being collected?
This website gathers information from its visitors by asking specific questions and permitting communication directly with Natus via forms. Some of the information that is submitted to Natus on these forms may be personally identifiable information (that is, information that can be uniquely identified with you, such as your full name, address, e-mail address, phone number, and so on).
Certain sections of this website may require you to submit such information to be able to benefit from certain specified features of this website (such as newsletter subscriptions, tips/pointers, order processing, or submitting a resume) or to participate in a particular activity (such as a webinar, an event or a sales promotion). You will be informed at each information collection point what information is considered required or optional.
While you navigate through our website, certain information may also be collected by utilizing various technologies and means, information such as your Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, cookies, Internet tags and navigational data collection.
Our site uses Internet Protocol addresses to identify your computer by internet service provider. We may use this IP address to diagnose problems with our server, report aggregate usage information, determine the fastest route for your computer to use in connecting to our website, and administer and improve the website.
The data is collected via cookies placed on your PC, mobile or tablet. You can disable cookies in your browser. The exact procedure depends on which browser you are using.
What is the legal basis for processing the data?
We process the data for certain legitimate business purposes, which include:
Enhancing, modifying, personalize or otherwise improve our services/communications for the benefit of the users of our websites
To better understand how people interact with our websites
Providing postal and or email communication which we think will be of interest to you if you request such information be provided to you
Determine the effectiveness of promotional campaigns and advertising
How will the information be used?
In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this Policy, we may use your Personal Information to: (a) improve your browsing experience; (b) send information about medical devices and services for newborn care, neurology, and audiology by post, email, or other means; and (c) send you marketing communications relating to our business if you have requested such information be sent to you and specifically consented to your use of information in this fashion.
How long will the data be stored for?
We will normally only keep your data for as long as necessary to give you the services you are using or have otherwise requested.
Will the data be shared with any third parties?
By providing your consent to provide Natus with information via this website, you also consent, and Natus reserves the right, to disclose your personally identifiable information to affiliates of Natus that agree to treat it in accordance with this Policy. In addition, we reserve the right to divulge your personally identifiable information to third parties, located in the United States and/or any other country, but only
(i) to contractors we use to maintain relationships with our business (e.g., fulfillment services, technical support, delivery services, and financial institutions), in which case we will require such third parties to agree to treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy;
(ii) in connection with the sale, assignment, or other transfer of the business of this site to which the information relates, in which case we will require any such buyer to agree to treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy; or
(iii) where required by applicable laws, court orders, or government regulations.
In addition, we will make full use of all information acquired through this site that is not in personally identifiable form.
How can you raise a request about the data we collect?
You may send an email to global.privacy@natus.com in order to revoke any consents you have previously provided Natus via this website, to request a copy of any information Natus may have about you, or to request that any such data be deleted, subject to applicable law.
Links to Other Web Sites
Links or references to other websites may be found on this site. Please be advised that we do not have power over other websites and that this Policy does not apply to any other website. We encourage you to examine the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Other Terms
Any use of this website is subject to the terms of our Legal Notice.
×
This product is not sold in the %region_name% region that was selected.
For more information, please
contact us
Back to top
×