https://www.ambaflex.com/en/privacy
Privacy
Privacy Statement Version 23-05-2018
Processing of personal data by AmbaFlex
We believe that our service provision should be open, honest and transparent. That is why we find it important that you know exactly what personal data is collected by AmbaFlex and for which purposes we use this personal data. This privacy statement describes this in a transparent way. AmbaFlex ensures that all personal data is gathered, used and removed carefully and in accordance with the applicable legislation and regulations.
This privacy statement may change from time to time if new developments necessitate this.
This privacy statement applies to the processing of personal data by AmbaFlex B.V. (controller) and to all companies affiliated with it, jointly referred to as “AmbaFlex” in this document.
For which purposes do we use your personal data?
Your personal data is processed by AmbaFlex for the following purposes. The data is only used and stored for these purposes.
Performing contractsWe process personal data in order to be able to perform contracts we enter into with clients, suppliers, subcontractors, other contractors and employees.
For marketing activitiesWe process personal data for the purpose of marketing activities. This may concern former and existing customers and business contacts, acquired through events.
Dealing with your request for information or publicationsIf you require more information about our service provision or would like to be kept up to date on our products, we will process your data in order to be able to respond to you.
Improving AmbaFlex’ website and service provisionWe do this in two ways; directly (e.g. the data that you provide to us via our website) and indirectly (by means of cookie technology). Our website uses functional and analytical cookies in order to optimise visitors’ experience.
Cookies
We collect information by using cookies. Cookies are small information files that store information about your visit to this website. E.g.: how you entered our website, how you navigated on the website and which information was interesting to you. We use Google Analytics for this purpose and we ensure that your data is anonymised. If you do not feel comfortable as regards the use of cookies, you can deactivate cookies on your computer by changing the settings in the preferences menu or the options menu of your browser. However, if your browser no longer accepts cookies from this website, you may not be able to use all the functionality offered by this website.
What statutory bases apply?
AmbaFlex only processes personal data if there is a statutory basis for this, as prescribed in the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The following statutory bases apply:
Performing contractsThis applies to personal data that we transfer from clients, suppliers, subcontractors and other contractors with whom we have entered into an agreement or contract.
Legitimate interestAmbaFlex has a legitimate interest in collecting personal data in order to acquire new customers and to maintain relationships.
Consent of the data subjectsWe ask the data subjects, i.e. the parties concerned, for their consent for our use of cookies, including analytical cookies.
Compliance with a statutory obligationAmbaFlex has to process personal data due to a number of statutory obligations as applicable in the countries where AmbaFlex is located.
With whom does AmbaFlex share your data?
In principle, we do not share your data with others. We only share it if this is necessary for providing our services or if we have a statutory obligation to do so. In that case we share data with:
Our own employeesWe share the data with employees only if the goal of processing is in line with the employee’s function. E.g.: a customer service employee contacts a customer in order to support the customer in dealing with a technical question. This requires contact data. Such employees may also be employees of branches outside the European Economic Area (EEA). We have made further contractual agreements with these branches to ensure that they will act in compliance with the GDPR.
Suppliers, subcontractors and other contractors who work for AmbaFlexFor example, we work together with service providers who build and manage our website and ICT systems. These suppliers can access personal data. We have made and/or will make good agreements with them as to their obligations and authorities. We record this in processor contracts.
Tax AuthoritiesData may be shared with the tax authorities if they have a tax-related request to that effect.
How long does AmbaFlex store your personal data for?
AmbaFlex does not store your data any longer than is necessary in order to achieve the goals referred to in this privacy statement.
The storage period of our records is seven years, in accordance with the statutory obligation. This includes the contracts or agreements entered into with you and this period starts upon the contract or agreement having ended or having been terminated.
If you send us an email or ask us a question through a contact form, the data you send us will be stored for as long as necessary, considering the nature of the form or the content of your email, in order to fully answer and handle it.
Data for marketing activities will be removed if we have not received any response to our marketing messages from you for 18 months and there has not been any contact with our sales department in that period either.
Accessing, changing, deleting or restricting personal data
If you would like to know what personal data that concerns yourself AmbaFlex collects and uses, you can file a request to this effect. You also have the right:
To rectify or delete your personal data,
To withdraw your consent for your data being processed,
To object to your personal data being processed by AmbaFlex,
To data portability. This means that you can send us a request to send your personal data that we have in electronic form to you or to another organisation as indicated by you.
You can send a request to access, rectify or delete your data, an objection or a request to exercise your right to data portability to privacy@ambaflex.com.In order to make sure that your request was made by you, we ask you to attach a copy of your ID with the request. Please black out your passport photo, the machine-readable zone (the strip with numbers at the bottom of a passport), your passport number and your citizens’ service number (Dutch BSN) in this copy. This is to protect your privacy. We will reply to your request within four weeks.
If you have any complaints concerning the processing of your personal data by AmbaFlex, please report them to privacy@ambaflex.com.  If this does not bring about a satisfactory result, you may also file a complaint with the national supervisory authority.
Click here for the Romanian text
We use functional, analytical cookies and third-party cookies to ensure that this website functions optimally.
More explanation about cookies
Allow cookies
Change cookie settings
close
Cookies on this website
We place functional cookies in order for this website to function properly and analytical cookies with which we can measure the use of the website. These cookies do not use personal data. Give your consent below for cookies that do process personal data.
More explanation about cookies
I want video
Yes
No
This allows you to watch videos on this website and allows the placement of cookies by video platforms, these platforms can follow you and use your internet behavior for other purposes.
Save