http://www.maico-diagnostics.com/us/privacy
Select language
Contact us
Products
Audiometers
MA 1
MA 25 and MA 25e
MA 27 and MA 27e
MA 28
MA 41
MA 42
PILOT TEST
MAICO Sessions
Tympanometers
easyTymp Screening
easyTymp Diagnostic
touchTymp Screening
touchTymp Diagnostic
MAICO Sessions
OAE
ERO•SCAN®
easyScreen
ABR
easyScreen
easyscreen BERAphone
MB 11 BERAphone®
MB 11 Classic
Profession
Audiologists
ENT
Hearing Aid Dispensers
Newborn Hearing Screening
Pediatricians
Schools and Head Starts
About Us
News
Events
Find Distributor
Support
Certification
Remote Assistance
Resources
Privacy Statement
Log files are maintained and analysed of all requests for files on this website's web servers. Log files do not capture personal information but do capture the user's IP address, which is automatically recognized by our web servers.
Aggregated analysis of these log files is used to monitor website usage. These analyses may be made available to MAICO Diagnostics staff and partner agencies to allow them to measure, for example, overall popularity of the site and typical user paths through the site.
Except as stated already, MAICO Diagnostics will make no attempt to identify individual users. You should be aware, however, that access to web pages will generally create log entries in the systems of your ISP or network service provider. These entities may be in a position to identify the client computer equipment used to access a page. Such monitoring would be done by the provider of network services and is beyond the responsibility or control of MAICO Diagnostics.
MAICO Diagnostics will make no attempt to track or identify individual users, except where there is a reasonable suspicion that unauthorized access to systems is being attempted. In the case of all users, MAICO Diagnostics reserves the right to attempt to identify and track any individual who is reasonably suspected of trying to gain unauthorized access to computer systems or resources operating as part of MAICO Diagnostics web services.
As a condition of use of this site, all users must give permission for MAICO Diagnostics to use its access logs to attempt to track users who are reasonably suspected of gaining, or attempting to gain, unauthorized access.
All log file information collected by MAICO Diagnostics is kept secure and no access to raw log files is given to any third party.
Use of Cookies
This website does not store any information that would, on its own, allow us to identify individual users of this service without their permission. Any cookies that may be used by this website are used either solely on a per session basis or to maintain user preferences. Cookies are not shared with any third parties.
Data Protection and Confidentiality
Some services on this website require us to collect personal information from you. To comply with the Data Protection Act, we have a duty to tell you how we store the information we collect and how it is used.
Any information you do submit will be stored securely and will never be passed on or sold to any third party.
Minors
We do not knowingly collect personal information from minors. You must be 18 years or older to use our website. If you are not 18 years or older, you must leave our site immediately.
For California Residents
In addition and/or in accordance with the rest of our Privacy Policy, you have a right to know and request information regarding the categories of personal information and actual personal information we collect or sell, as well as what categories of personal information and actual personal information we share with or sell to third parties and categories of third parties.
You also have the right to request the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, as well as the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information.
You have the right to edit this information or request its deletion. To submit an information request, you can e-mail us at USPrivacy@Demant.com or call us at 855.400.9766.
We have the right to verify the identity of a user before providing information related to that user’s request.
Information requests may take up to 45 days to process; we reserve the right to extend this period by an additional 45 days when reasonably necessary. If we extend processing your request, we will notify you within 45 days from your initial request.
Additionally, you have the right to opt out of having your personal information sold to third parties.
You may opt out here.
You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights regarding your personal information.
You do not need to create an account to opt out of the sale of your information.
Pursuant to the Attorney General’s regulations, a consumer may authorize another person solely to opt out of the sale of the consumer’s personal information on the consumer’s behalf.
For purposes of this section, “personal information” means, but is not limited to: “information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. Personal information includes, but is not limited to, the following if it identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could be reasonably linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household”.
Home
privacy
MAICO Diagnostics
10393 West 70th St
Eden Prairie, MN 55344
Direct Number: (952) 941-4200
Toll Free: (888) 941-4201
Fax Number: (952) 903-4100
Email: info@maico-diagnostics.com
About us
News
Events
Contact
Information
Search Maico Diagnostics
Disclaimer
Privacy policy
Cookie Policy
User Groups
Audiologists
ENT Doctors
Hearing Aid Dispensers
Newborn Hearing Screening
Pediatricians and Family Physicians
School Healthcare
Occupational Health
Get Connected
Facebook
LinkedIn
Youtube
Twitter
© 2019 | All rights reserved | MAICO Diagnostics may not offer the products, services, or features displayed on this website in all countries.