https://www.data-axle.com/how-we-help/agency/
Skip to content
Search for:
Who We Are
Our Data
Business DataAccess nearly 300 attributes about millions US and Canadian businesses, in real-time.
Consumer DataAlmost 200 consumer attributes updated in real-time and compiled from over 90 sources.
B2C LinkPersonal and professional data attributes in a single profile for a 360-view of your audience.
Donor DataHundreds of attributes on your donor community to inform effective online and offline campaigns.
What We Do
Services
Data ProcessingData hygiene, enhancement, appends, and more to make your data actionable.
Agency ServicesData sciences, consulting, creative, campaign execution, media planning.
Database ServicesMarketing, prospect, and analytic databases built to power your growth.
Lead GenerationB2B and B2C lead gen via opt-in digital placements and co-branded emails.
Data MonetizationMonetize your data with our end-to-end list management service.
Products
Data Axle Apps
Acquisition Platform
Credit Solutions
Inboxable
Local Listings
Reference Solutions
Data Axle USA
Data Axle Genie
Local Results
How We Help
By Need
AcquisitionContinually acquire profitable new customers to grow your business.
IntelligencePower learning opportunities to improve performance and deepen insights.
RetentionReduce attrition and increase lifetime value and loyalty to increase profitability.
Data LicensingLicense our data to build and improve products, applications, and services.
By Vertical
Agency
B2B Technology
Government
Financial Services
Insurance
Library & Academia
Nonprofit & Political
Retail
Resellers
Small Business
Customer Success
Case Studies
Testimonials
Recognition
Design Gallery
Resources
Thought Leadership
Blog
Expert Q&A
News & Media Coverage
Contact Us
866-DATAXLE
Solutions for agencies
We’ll help you be a more responsive, agile, and profitable agency
We support your team behind the scenes to expand your agency's offerings, wow prospects with data about their customers, and help you support your clients’ growing need for analytics.
Contact us
Data - the ultimate competitive advantage for agencies
Our consumer, business, donor, and specialty databases give our agency clients the tools and intelligence they need to achieve exceptional results for their customers and for themselves. Here are some of the ways it can be used to differentiate your business:
Leverage data to win the new business pitch
By having access to an always-on source of consumer insights, agencies can demonstrate their knowledge of a prospect’s unique industry positioning and audiences while providing a glimpse into the actionable new insights they will get once the relationship is formalized.
Reach out to learn more
Strengthen analytics and insights
By 2021, marketers expect to spend an average of 22% of their marketing budgets on data and analytics. For the average enterprise with 500+ employees, this equates to a $5 million increase in data and analytics budget in just four years. Agencies need to offer advanced data and analytics services – through a team of their own or a partner – to claim a slice of this growing pie.
Reach out to us
Develop data-driven personas
Anyone can build personas as long as they have a customer file, but it’s the addition of third-party data that really helps brands get into the mindset of their various audiences. Agencies can differentiate themselves by bringing this type of data to the table for their clients to ensure personas include the most recent business and consumer attributes available.
Consumer data
Learn more
Transactional data
Learn more
Digital data
Learn more
Improve client campaign performance
Data is a vital resource for agencies looking to meet and exceed their clients’ performance goals. Agencies can help their clients achieve the best results by employing Data Axle’s industry-leading consumer and business data to do everything from improving planning and targeting to getting better onboarding rates, and even enabling identity resolution to power cross-channel marketing programs.
Data processing
Database services
Data science
Media planning
Hear what our clients have to say
Extend services to keep pace with change
Today’s agencies are expected to bring deep data expertise to the table when partnering with brand clients. Being able to scale an agency’s internal capabilities up as needed to meet new client demands presents a continual challenge. To tackle it, agencies white-label data services such as data processing, data management consulting, and data sciences which helps them improve their clients’ ability to understand their own data.
Reach out
Data-driven solutions that help agencies meet their clients’ goals
Lead generation
Keep a steady flow of vetted, highly qualified B2B and B2C leads coming to your customers sellers.
Using intent data, you can identify prospects who are in the market for your clients services, and get detailed information on the best ways to reach them.
Learn more
Email acquisition
Data Axle combines AI, machine learning, analytics and reporting to make it easier to reach more of your client's market via our email acquisition platform in a way that is safe, trackable, and effective.
Get a demo
Marketing services
Data Axle's team is filled with specialists who help agencies plan and execute creative, data-driven campaigns across dozens of areas of marketing, from cutting edge digital and social advertising tools to traditional direct mail campaigns.
Learn more
"Agencies are under immense pressure to prove their value to their clients. Our consultative approach allows us to be flexible so they have options to increase revenue from accessing real-time data to large scale acquisition solutions, or by using data science services. "
Robert Konkos, Vice President Enterprise Agency Solutions
Data Axle
Reach out to learn more
We respect your privacy. Data Axle will use the information you provide in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You may opt-out of all marketing communications at any time.
Related content
whitepaper
How consumer data can deliver the ultimate competitive advantage for agencies
From client pitches to campaign execution, deep audience insights are helping agencies redefine their relationships with brands. Find out how agencies use consumer data drive new business and improve campaign performance.
Download whitepaper
blog
The three golden rules of email marketing: timing, timing, timing!
Humans are more connected to their devices than ever and with recent changes in consumer behavior, the way subscribers interact with their email is changing.
Read on
blog
Data hygiene: clean data boosts marketing ROI
Every digital marketer should appreciate that data is what drives revenue. Yes, eye-popping creative, amazing offers, and free shipping are all wonderful. But data is your biggest asset.
Read on