https://www.rhodessecurities.com/legal-information/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Emergency Information
Investors Bill of Rights
Special Notices
ADV Part IA
ADV Part II Brochure
Regulation Best Interest Disclosure
Rhodes Securities, Inc. and Rhodes Investment Advisors, Inc. Customer Relationship Summary (Form CRS)
Privacy Policy
The public is increasingly concerned about the privacy of personal information. Conscious of this, Rhodes Securities, Inc. and Rhodes Investment Advisors, Inc. takes the concerns of our customers very seriously. We understand that our business depends on the trust customers place in us, not only to safeguard their assets, but also to safeguard the personal information we collect and maintain about them.
Recent federal law, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, and federal and state regulations under it, have established new privacy standards for the financial services industry to ensure the protection of individuals’ personal information. These requirements are consistent with the privacy policies and practices, that Rhodes Securities, Inc. and Rhodes Investment Advisors, Inc. has had in place for some time and with which we will continue to practice in the future. In other words, the way we protect and use customer information has not changed. However, the law now requires us to take some specific steps to both notify individual customers about our privacy practices and to avoid the improper disclosure of personal information.
Our privacy policy derives from basic principles of trust, ethics, and integrity:
We collect only the customer information that is necessary to consistently deliver responsive products and services. Rhodes Securities, Inc. and Rhodes Investment Advisors, Inc. collects information that helps serve our clients’ financial needs, develop and offer new products or services for our customers and potential customers, and fulfill legal and regulatory requirements. The information collected varies depending on the products or services requested and may include information provided on applications and related account forms (name, address, Social Security number, and date of birth, for example). Other information collected may be more subjective in nature, and can change over the length of our relationship with the client (individual risk tolerance, objectives for the investments, and the customer’s financial situation, etc.). Still other information may be obtained through the client’s relationship with us in their accounts (credit balances, variety of investments or services purchased, types of accounts maintained, etc.). Any of this information may be collected in a variety of ways – in writing through the mails, during telephone or Internet transactions, or in personal interviews with the Registered Representative.
We limit how, and with whom, we share customer information. First and foremost, Rhodes Securities, Inc. and Rhodes Investment Advisors Inc., does not disclose customer information to marketing companies. We will, however, share information that we collect with our clearing firm, our insurance company vendors, and direct mutual fund or registered investment advisory companies to process or service a transaction that a customer has requested, to facilitate enhanced customer services, or to inform clients of products or services that they may find helpful.
Opt Out Provision. We do not sell your personal information to anyone. The law allows you to “opt out” of only certain kinds of information sharing with third parties. The Firms do not share personal information about you with any third parties that trigger this opt-out-right. This mean YOU ARE ALREADY OPTED OUT.
We maintain safeguards to ensure information security. Rhodes Securities, Inc. and Rhodes Investment Advisors, Inc. has implemented security standards and processes – including physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards – to ensure that access to customer information is limited to employees, registered representatives, or agents who may need it to do their jobs. They are required to respect the confidentiality of all customer information, no matter the source.
We verify our customers’ identity to actively prevent, deter, and detect illegal financial activity. As of January 1, 2003, pursuant to the USA PATRIOT Act, all customers who open new accounts with Rhodes Securities, Inc. and Rhodes Investment Advisors, Inc. are required to provide identification verification documents to help establish their identity. At a minimum, Rhodes Securities, Inc. and Rhodes Investment Advisors, Inc. will verify, to the extent reasonable and practicable, the identity of any customer seeking to open an account, maintain records of information used to verify a customer’s identity, and check to ensure that a customer does not appear on any published government terrorist lists. Additionally, we require confirmation of all oral instructions to be in writing and ask that all customers notify us promptly of any discrepancy or inaccuracy in their account information or activity. Should a customer have a complaint or concern, Marilyn Zehntner, Rhodes Securities, Inc. Chief Compliance Officer can be contacted at the address and telephone number listed above.
We strive to uphold these principles throughout our company and with our business partners. Third party vendors with whom we share information are required to maintain the accurateness and confidentiality of this information, as well.
We will reaffirm this policy annually in writing to our customers, as long as you maintain an on-going relationship with Rhodes Securities, Inc. While this policy may change from time to time, you can always view our current policy online at www.rhodessecurities.com.
11/08