https://www.acmefitness.com/privacy-policy
Sales & Service: 81 4422 4422
SMS ACME to 56767
Showroom Locator
Login
Cart (0)
Blog
Contact
Store Locator
Dealer Addresses
Enquiry Form
Home Fitness
Cardiovascular
Treadmills
Ellipticals
Cycles
Rowers
Strength
Home Gyms
Benches
ABS CORE
Adjustable Dumbbells Kettle bells
Commercial Fitness
Cardiovascular
Treadmills
Ellipticals
Cycles
Rowers
Stepper
Strength
Full body
Upper body
Lower Body
Core
Functional Trainer
Multi Gym
Plate Loaded
Cross Fit
Benches
Accessories
Fitness Accessories
Ab Exercise
Fitness Balls
Resistance Tube
Yoga Mats
Bars
Racks and Attachments
Ropes
Support
Dumbbells
Kettle Bells
Steppers
Out Door
Out Door
Sky Series
WPC
Combination Series
Specialty
Specialty
Exxentric
About
About
Overview
Brands
Clients
Services
Services
AMC Request
Customer Bonding
Dealership Enquiry
Exchange Request
Service Request
Home / Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy at www.acmefitness.in, are committed to protecting the privacy of all our customers. We do not sell, trade, rent, or loan any identifiable information at the individual level regarding its customers to any third party. Any information you gives us is held with utmost care and security. This information is collected primarily to ensure that we are able to fulfill your orders and to deliver to you a truly personalized shopping experience. When you purchase products from www.acmefitness.com or register with us, you have the option of receiving e-mails regarding updates about special offers and new arrivals including any significant upgrades from us.
We are also bound to cooperate fully as and when required by law or legal process to provide information about a customer. We may share non-personal, non-individual statistical or demographic information in aggregate form with our marketing partner‘s, adverting agencies or other third-parties for market research and advertising purposes. In other words, we will not tell our marketing partner‘s that you purchased a specific product, but we may tell them how many customers purchased that product. Acme Fitness have full rights to cancel the order before processing the shipping at any time.
Acme Fitness Pvt Ltd may amend this policy from time to time.
How do we use "cookies" ?
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information, but they do enable us to identify you in case you have visited us earlier and to store items in your shopping cart between visits. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that. Even without a cookie, you can still use most of the features in our store, including placing items in your shopping cart and purchasing them.
In summary, we respect the privacy of our customers completely. We use the information we collect on the store to enhance your overall shopping experience. We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others
Enjoy your shopping at www.acmefitness.com
X
You cant leave Captcha Code empty
Thank You
We have sent you an email with a promotional coupon code worth Rs.1000.
You can redeem this against purchase of any home fitness equipment.
Browse Deals
* Additional Coupon Code discounts are not applicable on purchase of Fitness Accessories, and are redeemable only on
purchases above Rs.20000.
Thank You
Promocode Already Sent! Please check your email to avail the offer.
Browse Deals
* Additional Coupon Code discounts are not applicable on pruchase of Fitness Accessories, and are redeemable only on
purchases above Rs.20000.
Get fitness tip via email
Brands we handle
BH Fitness Co Fit Octane Tuffstuff Nautilus Inspire Bowflex Schwinn True
Our Showrooms
Bangalore Chennai Cochin Coimbatore HyderabadNew Delhi
Pune Puducherry Salem Trichy Vijayawada
Our Product line
Treadmills Ellipticals Cycles AB Coaster Home Gyms BenchesRowers
Ab Exercise Fitness Balls Mats Resistance Tube Racks and Attachments
Acme
About us Privacy-policy Shipping & Returns Policy Faq Careers Contact Us Sitemap
Pay Securely online
©
Acme Fitness Equipment Pvt Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Terms and Conditions