http://www.resortsoftware.com/policies/privacypolicy.aspx
Home
|  About
|  Contact
|  Feedback
|  Mailing List
|  Links
|  Site Map
Products   Prices   Purchase   Downloads   Support   Contact   Links
Privacy Policy
This page details Resort Software's privacy policy as it pertains to all Resort
Software customers.
•
Resort Software undertakes to never knowingly disclose any of
our customer's personal or contact details to any third party unless required to
by law or given explicit permission to do by said customer.
•
We reserve the right to disclose customer credit card details
and related information in the case of a credit card being used in a fraudulent
transaction.
•
We will not add you to our mailing list unless explicitly
instructed to so by you via our mailing list
registration page.
•
We do not store customer credit card details beyond a
reasonable time required to process a sale.  Once a sale has been processed, all
electronic records of a customer's credit card details are deleted.
•
We do not store customer recipe databases on our system any
longer than it may take to solve any tech support issues that may require our
inspecting those databases.
•
We will not disclose the contents of any customer database to
any party outside Resort Software.
•
None of our web pages use cookies and no information will be
written to your hard drive by any of our web pages.
•
We treat all communications (telephone, email, fax, etc.) as
private and confidential and will not disclose the content of any communication
without the consent of all who were party to the communication.
Please email us if you have any questions about any of these policies.
See also:
Resort Software Product Support Policy
Resort Software Product Licensing Policy
The information on this page is as accurate as we can make it and is subject to
change without notice. None of the information on this page constitutes a
contractual undertaking on the part of Resort Software.
Privacy Policy  |
Licensing Policy  |
Support Policy
Email: Webmaster  |
Email: Sales  |
Email: Support
P: 61 (0) 403 066 939
Copyright © 1989-2020 Resort Software Pty. Ltd.
All rights reserved.
ABN: 19 096 909 536.