https://www.cra.org.uk/cookie-policy/
This privacy policy sets out how the Concrete Repair Association (CRA) uses and protects any information that you give when you use this website.
CRA is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 1 May 2018.
Who is collecting your data?
CRA
Kingsley House, Ganders Business Park, Kingsley, Bordon, Hampshire GU35 9LU
Tel: +44(0)1420 471615
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name, company, job title and industry type
contact information including email address
demographic information such as address, postcode, preferences and interests
record of document downloads from our website
What we do with the information we gather
We collect this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping and for the administration of CRA membership
We may use the information to improve our service
We may periodically email you with Industry Updates to keep you informed of the latest news, events, publications and training
How can I access the information you hold about me?
You may obtain a copy of any data stored by submitting a request via gdpr.compliance@agmhouse.com
Consent
By agreeing to this privacy policy you are consenting to CRA processing your personal data for the purposes stated. You can withdraw consent at any time using the details above or by contacting gdpr.compliance@agmhouse.com
How long do we keep hold of your information?
The information we collect from you is kept indefinitely for the purpose of sending you industry updates.  You can unsubscribe at any time by visiting the Log In Area of the website and unsubscribing.  Your details will then be removed.  You can also request to have your details removed by contacting us on gdpr.compliance@agmhouse.com
CRA will process its members’ personal data during the duration of membership or contract and will continue to store only the personal data needed for seven years after the contract has expired to meet any legal obligations.
The personal data for committee members will be kept for the lifecycle of the committee. Beyond that, we will retain details as long as you are employed by a member company and wish to stay in contact.
Legal basis
To meet the CRA’s contractual obligations to its employees, the membership and to respond to general enquiries.
Legitimate interests
To promote membership of CRA, its benefits and to raise awareness of corrosion prevention. This may include post, email, telephone, newsletters, social media and other channels to reach those with an interest in the industry.
Who might we share your information with?
We may send you Industry Updates from the Structural Concrete Alliance, which is an umbrella industry association for the structural concrete refurbishment and repair industry, of which CRA is a member.
We do not pass on your personal information to any third parties.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.  Data is held in the UK and also on Survey Monkey and MailChimp, all signatories to the EU-US Privacy Shield.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
Cookies ensure a consistent and efficient experience for visitors and perform essential functions such as allowing users to register and remain logged in.
The cookies are set to expire two weeks from the time they are set.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies Website which offers guidance for all modern browsers.
REGISTER FOR UPDATES Receive all the latest technical and industry updates.
Please login and update your Newsletter Preference using the "Your details and subscriptions" section
Need to register? Please click here
Follow Us
CONTACT USCONCRETE REPAIR ASSOCIATION
Unit 34
BASE Bordon Innovation Centre
Broxhead House
60 Barbados Road
Bordon
GU35 0FX
Tel: 01420 471615
Email: admin@cra.org.uk
LEGALPrivacy & Cookies
CRA Supporters
Advertise hereThe CRA are proud to be part of the Structural Concrete Alliance. Providing a single co-ordinated voice for the structural concrete refurbishment and repair industry.
Follow Us
© Concrete Repair Association 2017 - Concrete Repair, Corrosion Protection, Structural Strengthening and Crack Bridging, UK
Contact Us
We're not around right now. But you can send us an email and we'll get back to you, asap.
Not readable? Change text.
Send