http://www.worldofgelato.com/pages/terms-conditions
Search
Home
Shop Online
Cups & Lids
Spoons & Spatulas
Pans & Liners
Ice Cream Party Packs
Takeout Containers
Gelato & Coffee Accessories
Macaron & Dessert Trays
Popsicle Accessories
Gelato Display Case
Small Quantity Orders
Custom Printed Products
EuroFreddo Freezer
Equipment
Batch Freezers
Soft Serve Freezers
Pastry Chef
Ageing & Mixing
Hot Chocolate
Turbo Mix
Blast Freezer
Granita
Shake & Slush
Whipped Topping
Display Cases
Gelato & Ice Cream
Pastry & Bakery
Chocolate
Panini
Hot & Bain Marie
Prepared Food
Grab-n-Go
Cafeteria
Meat, Fish & Cheese
Upright Glass Door Freezers & Refrigerators
Gelato Classes
Design/Build
Design & Consulting
3 Step Process
Service & Logistics
News
Contact Us
Sign in
Create an Account
Menu
Cart 0
Home
›
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Privacy
Personal customer information is confidential and will not be disclosed to any non-related third parties. WorldofGelato.com does not sell mailing lists and will not disclose your name, email address, or any other information about you to any non-related third parties. WorldofGelato.com uses cookies to enhance your browsing experience.For more detailed information check our Privacy Policy
Security
When you make a purchase at WorldofGelato.com, our server uses a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) to connect with you. This protocol will encrypt your personal information, guarding it from interception and misuse. Your security and a safe shopping environment are our primary concerns.
For more detailed information check our Security section.
Important Legal Information
The images featured on this Web site may have been altered, reduced, or enlarged. These images are intended to represent the general design and appearance of the item.WorldofGelato.com does not endorse or make any representations regarding the accuracy or reliability of the information and content contained on this site. WorldofGelato.com reserves the right to correct, update, modify, or otherwise change the terms and conditions of sale, information, and prices at any time at our sole discretion and without notice. WorldofGelato.com nor its agents, affiliates, or employees shall be liable for any indirect, incidental, punitive, or consequential damages arising directly or indirectly from the use of any of the information contained in or received from this site. You hereby acknowledge that the use of this site and its resources, information, and services shall be solely at your own risk. WorldofGelato.com, its products, images, logos, and all other items contained in this site are protected by US and international copyright and trademark laws. It is expressly prohibited to reproduce, use, modify, or in any way display or distribute this information without permission. You further covenant and agree that these conditions cannot be modified by any oral statements between the parties or by any other dealings between the parties. You further covenant and agree that venue and jurisdiction for the resolution of any dispute arising under or relating in any way to merchandise purchased from this site or the use of any information contained in this site shall be in Ronkonkoma, NY, USA.
Warranty / Returns
All items sold on WorldofGelato.com are final sales. We do not accept returns or refunds. If at our discretion WorldofGelato.com does agree to a return via email, WorldofGelato.com will charge the customer a 20% restocking fee and the remaining balance will be issued in the form of a Store Credit, to be used on WorldofGelato.com Merchandise only. If a customers' shipment arrives damaged, or does not arrive at all, a claim must be filed with WorldofGelato.com within 2 days of the received date, stated by the Shipper. A Claim will then have to be filed with the shipping company and the issue will be resolved from there. All equipment and display cases are classed as a special order. On these items all sales are deemed final and the customer agrees that there will be no credit card chargebacks. WorldofGelato.com warranties all merchandise and passes on the manufacturers of said items' published warranty. WorldofGelato.com is not responsible for those items subjected to excessive wear, abuse, or physical damage whether accidental or otherwise. Additionally the insurance and protection of your merchandise is solely your responsibility, and WorldofGelato.com shall not be held liable for any loss, theft, or resulting damages whatsoever that may occur. No returns will be accepted if WorldofGelato.com is not informed within 7 days of receipt of goods and all other procedures are followed.
If a circumstance arrives where WorldofGelato.com does accept a returned item, all returns must receive a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number and be returned to WorldofGelato.com within 7 days of receipt of the original purchase. The RMA number must be clearly written on the outside of the package or it will not be accepted. The items being returned must be shipped back and fully insured through the UPS, or an approved national shipping company (approved in writing by WorldofGelato.com), registered/insured at the customer's expense. All merchandise will be inspected and must be free from damage, alterations, or wear. All Returns are subject to a 20% restocking fee. At no time will a credit card refund be issued. WorldofGelato.com will issue all refunds in the form of Store Credit to be used at WorldofGelato.com only. Exchanges will be processed similar to returns. Items that are classed as special order or that have been altered may not be returned or exchanged.Please ship and insure all authorized returns to:WorldofGelato.com 35 Trade Zone CourtRonkonkoma, NY 11779No Sales TaxWorldofGelato.com is located in Ronkonkoma, NY. We are required to collect sales tax from New York residents or for purchases delivered in New York. New York sales tax does not apply for items shipped outside of New York to residents of other states.We do not collect sales tax for other states. If sales or use tax is applicable in your state it is your responsibility to contact your state's tax division to comply.
Payment
For your convenience WorldofGelato.com accepts the following credit cards.
Visa
MasterCard
American Express
Discover Card
JCB
Please Note: your credit card statement will read a charge for any transaction on this site billed by "Gourmet Technologies Inc." WorldofGelato.com is a wholly owned subsidiary of Gourmet Technologies Inc.
Shipping
Orders are processed on a first come, first ship basis. Items that are in stock will be shipped within two business days of confirmation of your order. In the event an item is out of stock, the customer will be contacted and informed as to the estimated time of delivery. No charges will be made to the credit cards unless the customer agrees to the delay. Billing will occur at shipping. Customer will be notified of any delays via e-mail. UPS is our preferred logistics carrier for our shipping and returns.  All packages will be shipped via UPS, and may require a signature. Delivery cannot be made to P.O. Boxes. The customer is responsible for all freight charges for all orders and returns.