http://www.esi.info/terms-of-use
Subscribe
Get a free online profile Marketing opportunities
on any ESI.info website
Search
Terms of use Introduction
These terms of use govern your use of ESI.info websites; by
using our websites, you accept these terms of use in full. If you
disagree with these terms of use or any part of these terms of
use, you must not use our websites.
If you submit content to our websites, we will ask you to
expressly agree to these terms of use.
You must be at least 18 years of age to use our websites. By
using our websites and by agreeing to these terms of use, you
warrant and represent that you are at least 18 years of age.
These terms of use are provided in the English language
only.
Licence to use our websites
Unless otherwise stated, we or our licensors, own the
intellectual property rights in our websites and material on our
websites. Subject to the licence below, all these intellectual
property rights are reserved.
You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print
pages from our websites for your own personal use, subject to the
restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms of use.
You must not:
republish material from our websites (including
republication on another website);
sell, rent or sub-license material from our websites;
edit or otherwise modify any material on our websites
other than editing your own submissions using our website
interface;
reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material
on our websites for a commercial purpose connected with
publishing or advertising services.
We reserve the right to restrict access to areas of our
websites, or indeed entire websites, at our discretion.
Content submissions to our websites We welcome submissions to our websites.
You may create, edit and delete content on our websites by
using our Content Management System.
Your submissions to our websites must relate to products,
services or technical information relevant to the UK built
environment or environmental engineering sectors.
You must only use our Content Management System to edit and
create entries that relate directly to your company or
organisation, or a company that you are authorised to act for as
an agent.
Your content submissions must comply with the
"acceptable use" and "submissions" provisions
below.
To make a content submission, you must register on this
website. We will provide you with a user ID and password. You must
ensure that your user ID and password are kept confidential. You
must notify us in writing immediately if you become aware of any
unauthorised use of your account or password. You are responsible
for any activity on our websites arising out of any failure to
keep your password confidential, and may be held liable for any
losses arising out of such a failure. You must not use any other
person's user ID and password to access our websites unless you
have that person's express permission to do so. We may disable
your user ID and password in our sole discretion without notice or
explanation.
You must keep your content up-to-date using our Content
Management System.
Generally, your submissions will be automatically processed
within 24 hours1 working day following receipt.
Making your use of the CMS enjoyable means we need to
install updates and do general diagnosis and maintenance of the
CMS. We will try to do scheduled maintenance during times when we
anticipate that online use is lower than normal.
We may also need to be able to do emergency maintenance
and/or suspend access to the servers where, in our reasonable
discretion, we see the need to do that. We will try to have the
CMS available again as soon as we think it is safe to do so.
Without prejudice to our other rights under these terms of
use, we reserve the right to reject or delete submissions that
breach these terms of use or that do not meet the additional
guidelines for submissions published on our websites. If we reject
or delete a submission on either basis, we will not refund any
applicable charges.
If we accept your submission then it will remain published
on our websites indefinitely or for the relevant period set out in
specific advertising agreements subject to termination or deletion
in accordance with these terms of use.
We will not file a copy of these terms of use specifically
in relation to each submission and, if we update these terms of
use, the version to which you originally agreed will no longer be
available on our websites. For this reason, we recommend that you
print and file a copy of these terms of use for future reference.
Free submissions
Our content management website allows you to make free
submissions.
We may delete free directory submissions at any time in our
sole discretion with or without notice to you.
Paid submissions
In addition to free submissions, we provide a paid
submission service.
The applicable submission charges will be as set out on our
websites from time to time. All submission charges stated on our
websites are stated exclusive of VAT.
You must pay to us the submission charges in respect of
submissions in accordance with agreed payment terms.
We may vary submission charges from time to time by posting
new charges on our websites. However, such variations will not
affect submissions that have already been paid for.
Acceptable use
You must not use our websites in any way that causes, or may
cause, damage to the websites or impairment of the availability or
accessibility of the websites; or in any way which is unlawful,
illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any
unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.
You must not use our websites to copy, store, host,
transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which
consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan
horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer
software.
You must not conduct any systematic or automated data
collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data
mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to
our website without our express written consent.
You must not use data collected from our websites or our
directory for any direct marketing activity (including without
limitation email marketing, SMS marketing, telemarketing and
direct mailing).
Submissions
In these terms of use, "your submissions" means
all material (including without limitation text, images, audio
material, video material and audio-visual material) that you
submit to our websites.
You grant to us a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive,
royalty-free licence to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate
and distribute your submissions in any existing or future media.
You also grant to us the right to sub-license these rights, and
the right to bring an action for infringement of these rights.
You warrant and represent that your submissions will comply
with these terms of use.
Your submissions must not be illegal or unlawful, must not
infringe any third party's legal rights, and must not be capable
of giving rise to legal action whether against you or us or a
third party (in each case under any applicable law).
Your submissions (and their publication on our websites)
must not:
be untrue, false, inaccurate or misleading;
infringe any copyright, moral right, database right,
trade mark right, design right, right in passing off, or other
intellectual property right;
consist of or contain any instructions, advice or other
information which may be acted upon and could, if acted upon,
cause illness, injury or death, or any other loss or damage;
constitute negligent advice or contain any negligent
statement;
be libellous or maliciously false; be obscene, indecent or sexually explicit;
infringe any right of confidence, right of privacy, or
right under data protection legislation;
constitute an incitement to commit a crime;
be in contempt of any court, or in breach of any court
order;
be in breach of racial or religious hatred or
discrimination legislation;
be blasphemous; be in breach of official secrets legislation;
be in breach of any contractual obligation owed to any
person.
Your submissions must be appropriate and accord with
generally accepted standards of etiquette and behaviour on the
internet.
You must not use our websites to link to any website or web
page consisting of or containing material that would, were it
posted on our websites, breach the provisions of these terms of
use.
You must not submit to our websites any submissions that are
or have ever been the subject of any threatened or actual legal
proceedings or other similar complaint.
We reserve the right to edit or remove any material
submitted to our websites, or stored on our servers, or hosted or
published upon our websites.
Notwithstanding our rights under these terms of use in
relation to user submissions, we do not undertake to monitor the
submissions, or the publication of the submissions on our
websites.
Discontinuing service
We reserve the right to discontinue our website services
(and the publication of our websites) at any time in our sole
discretion with or without notice.
If: you have paid for a submission;
your submission has been accepted in accordance with
these terms of use;
We will refund to you such portion of your payment as
related to any period after the discontinuance of our website
services.
Save as provided in this Section 8, you will not be entitled
to any refund upon the discontinuance of our website services.
Limited warranties
You acknowledge that some of the information published on
our websites is submitted by users, and that we do not always
review, approve or edit such information. We do not warrant the
completeness or accuracy of the information published on our
websites; nor do we commit to ensuring that our websites remain
available or that the material on our websites is kept up-to-date.
You acknowledge that:
we do not confirm the identity of companies and persons
listed in our directory, check their credit worthiness or bona
fides, or otherwise vet them;
we do not systematically check, audit or monitor the
information contained in the directory;
we are not party to any contract for the sale or purchase
of goods or services entered into with any company or person in
our directory;
we are not the agents for any company or person in our
directory.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law we exclude
all representations, warranties and conditions relating to our
websites and the use of our websites (including, without
limitation, any warranties implied by law of satisfactory quality,
fitness for purpose and/or the use of reasonable care and skill).
Limitations and exclusions of liability
Nothing in these terms of use will: (a) limit or exclude our
or your liability for death or personal injury resulting from
negligence; (b) limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud
or fraudulent misrepresentation; (c) limit any of our or your
liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law;
or (d) exclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be
excluded under applicable law.
The limitations and exclusions of liability set out in this
Section and elsewhere in these terms of use: (a) are subject to
the preceding paragraph; and (b) govern all liabilities arising
under the terms of use or in relation to the subject matter of the
terms of use, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort
(including negligence) and for breach of statutory duty.
We will not be liable to you in respect of any losses
arising out of any event or events beyond our reasonable control.
We are not responsible if you cannot access the Content
Management System properly or at all because of any event outside
our control, for example (without limitation) the performance of
your or our ISP, your browser or the Internet.
The Content Management System is built using software and is
being continually developed and improved. Although we rigorously
test our software before new releases are made, we cannot
guarantee that the Content Management System will be error free,
available all the time and/or free from viruses. We will endeavour
to minimise Content Management System downtime wherever possible
and to fix any reported bugs as quickly as possible.
We will not be liable to you in respect of any business
losses, including (without limitation) loss of or damage to
profits, income, revenue, use, production, anticipated savings,
business, contracts, commercial opportunities or goodwill.
We will not be liable to you in respect of any loss or
corruption of any data, database or software.
You agree to the publication of comments, reviews and/or
feedback relating to you, by others, on our websites. You
acknowledge that such comments, reviews and/or feedback may be
critical or defamatory or otherwise unlawful; and you agree that
you will not hold us liable in respect of any such comments,
reviews and/or feedback, irrespective of whether we are aware or
ought to have been aware of such comments, reviews and/or
feedback.
Indemnity
You hereby indemnify us and undertake to keep us indemnified
against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses
(including without limitation legal expenses and any amounts paid
by us to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the
advice of our legal advisers) incurred or suffered by us arising
out of any breach by you of any provision of these terms of use.
Breaches of these terms of use
Without prejudice to our other rights under these terms of
use, if you breach these terms of use in any way, or if we
reasonably suspect that you have breached these terms of use in
any way, we may:
send you one or more formal warning temporarily suspend your access to our websites; permanently prohibit you from accessing our websites;
block computers using your IP address from accessing our
websites;
contact your internet services provider and request that
they block your access to our websites;
bring court proceedings against you for breach of
contract or otherwise;
delete and/or edit any or all of your directory or
website submissions; and/or
Where we suspend or prohibit or block your access to our
websites or a part of our websites, you must not take any action
to circumvent such suspension or prohibition or blocking
(including without limitation creating and/or using a different
account).
Third party websites
Our websites include hyperlinks to other websites owned and
operated by third parties. These links are not recommendations. We
have no control over the contents of third party websites, and we
accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that
may arise from your use of them.
Copyright, authors' rights, database rights and trade
marks
All content included on our websites, such as text,
graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital
downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of ESI
or its content suppliers and is protected by United Kingdom and
international copyright, authors' rights and database right laws.
All software used on this website is the property of ESI, our
affiliates or our software suppliers and is protected by United
Kingdom and international copyright and author' rights laws.
ESI, ESI.info, External Works, Building Design, Interior
Design, Building Services and Enviropro and our logos are trade
marks belonging to us. We give permission for the use of these
trade marks to create links to our websites from your website if
you are featured on our websites or use our websites to source
products and services relating to the built environment or
environmental engineering sectors.
The other registered and unregistered trade marks or service
marks on our websites are the property of their respective owners.
Unless stated otherwise, we do not endorse and are not affiliated
with any of the holders of any such rights and as such we cannot
grant any licence to exercise such rights.
Variation
We may revise these terms of use from time-to-time. Revised
terms of use will apply to the use of our websites from the date
of the publication of the revised terms of use on our websites.
Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with
the current version.
Assignment
We may transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with our
rights and/or obligations under these terms of use without
notifying you or obtaining your consent.
You may not transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with
your rights and/or obligations under these terms of use.
Severability
If a provision of these terms of use is determined by any
court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or
unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect. If
any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision would be lawful or
enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed
to have been deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue
in effect.
Exclusion of third party rights
These terms of use are for the benefit of you and us, and
are not intended to benefit any third party or be enforceable by
any third party. The exercise of our and your rights in relation
to these terms of use is not subject to the consent of any third
party.
Entire agreement
These Website Terms of Use, together with our Privacy Policy
and any Advertising Contracts made between you and us, constitute
the entire agreement between you and us in relation to your use of
our websites, and supersede all previous agreements in respect of
your use of our websites.
Law and jurisdiction
These terms of use will be governed by and construed in
accordance with English law, and any disputes relating to these
terms of use will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the
courts of England and Wales.
Registrations and authorisations
We are registered with under the Data Protection Act 1998
and have given all appropriate notifications to the Information
Commissioner.
Registered office
The full name of our company is Environmental Standard
Indexes Ltd.
We are registered in Scotland under company number SC173665.
Our registered address is:
12 E&F Timberbush
Edinburgh
EH6 6QH.
Our VAT number is GB 716 9731 11.
You can contact us at the following email address:
marketing@esi.info
Environmental Standard Indexes Ltd, 2016 About ESI.info Information resources Marketing opportunities Contact ESI.info ESI.info blog Support
Every great environment is based on sound decisions about who to
work with and what materials to use.
On ESI.info websites, you will find the broadest mix of supplier and
product information on the market, combined with insightful articles
and case studies to keep you up-to-date with sector innovations.
Environmental Standard Indexes Ltd
v4.1
Terms of use Privacy policy ESI.info websites
EXTERNAL WORKS
Ground Engineering, Hard Landscaping, Traffic Control, Leisure & Recreation, Soft Landscaping BUILDING DESIGN
Complete Buildings, External Envelope, Structural Fittings, Building Products & Materials INTERIOR DESIGN
Surface Finishes, Furniture & Fittings, Art & Decoration, Designer Projects BUILDING SERVICES
Air Conditioning, Ventilation, Heating, Transport Systems, Light, Power, Safety ENVIROPRO
Water, Wastewater, Climate, Soil, Energy, Recycling, Technology, Production