https://www.plant-force.co.uk/privacy-cookies-policy/
Email Us
020 7538 2141
Free Quotation
Search for:
Menu
Search for:
Search Term is too small.
Email Us
020 7538 2141
Free Quotation
Email Us
020 7538 2141
Free Quotation
Search for:
Interior Plants
Exterior Plants
Containers
Flowers
Christmas
Privacy and Cookies Policy
Plantforce Interior Landscaping Limited
Plantforce Interior Landscaping Limited (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates this website plant - force.co.uk (the “service”)
This page informs you ofour policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the service. By using the service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this privacy policy, terms used in this privacy policy have the same meanings in our terms and conditions.
DEFINITIONS
Personal Data: “Personal data “means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession of likely to come into our possession)
Usage Data: “Usage Data” is data collected automatically whether generated by the use of the service or from the service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit)
Data Controller: “Data Controller” means a person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purpose for which and the manner in which any personal data are to be processed.
For the purpose to the privacy policy, we are a data controller of your data
Data processor (or service providers): “Data processor” or “service providers” means any person (other than an employee of the Data controller) who processes the data on behalf of the data controller. We may use the services of various service providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data subject: “data subject” is any living individual who is subject of Personal data
User: The “user” is the individual using our service. The user corresponds to the data subject, who is the subject of personal data.
Cookies: “Cookies” are small pieces of data stored on the user’s device.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our service to you.
TYPES OF DATA COLLECTED
Personal Data: While using our service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“personal data”). Personally identifiable information many include, but is not limited to:
- First name and Last name
- Email address
- Phone number
- Place of business
- Cookies and Usage data
We may use your personal data to contact you with newsletters, marketing and promotional materials and other information that many be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or the instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us.
Usage Data: We may also collect information how the service is accessed and used (“usage data”). The usage data may include information such as your computers internet protocol’s address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our service that you visit, the time and data of your visit, the time spent of those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Location Data: We may use and store information about your location if you give us permission to do so (“Location Data”). We use this data to provide features of our service, to improve and customise our service.
You can enable or disable your location service when you use our service at any time, through your device settings.
Tracking and cookies Data: We use cookies and similar tracking technologies track the activity on our service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information to improve and analyse of our service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent, however, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use portions of our service.
Examples of cookies we use:
Session Cookies: We use session cookies to operate our site.
Preference Cookies: We use preference cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies: We use security for security purpose.
THE FOLLOWING SECTION EXPLAINS WHATS COOKIES ARE, HOW WE USE COOKIES, HOW THRID PARTIES WE MAY PARNTER WITH MAY USE COOKIES ON THE SERVICE, YOUR CHOCIES REGARDING COOKIES AND FURTHER INFORMATION ABOUT COOKIES
WHAT ARE COOKIES
Cookies are small pieces of text sent to your web browser by website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the service or a third party to recognise you and make your next visit easier and the serviced more useful to you.
Cookies can be “persistent” or “session” cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when you go offline, while session cookies are deleted as soon as you close your web browser.
HOW WE USE COOKIES
When you use and access the service, we may place a number of cookies files in your web browser
This service many use cookies for the following purposes:
To enable certain functions of the service
To provide analytics
To store your preferences
THIRD PARTY COOKIES
In addition to our own cookies, our service may also use various third party cookies to report usage and statistic of the service, deliver advertisement on and through our service and so on. These may include analytics cookies, used to track information on how the service is used, so that we can make improvements. We may also use analytics cookies to test new advertisements, pages, features or new functionality of the service to see how our users react to them.
WHAT ARE YOUR CHOICES REGARDING COOKIES
If you’d like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages on your web browser.
Please note, however that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences and some of our pages many not display properly.
Listed here are the commonly used web browsers, with links to their support pages containing information on how to delete or refuse cookies
Google Chrome
Microsoft Edge
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Safari
For any other web browsers, please visit your web browser’s official web pages.
You can also learn more about cookies at the following third party website
All about Cookies - http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
Network Adverting Initiative - https://www.networkadvertising.org/
USE OF DATA
Plantforce Interior Landscaping Limited may use the collected data for various purposes
To provide and maintain our service
To notify you about change to our service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service when you chose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our service
To monitor the usage of our service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide you with news, offers and general information about other services and events we offer that are similar to those that you have already enquired about or been involved with unless opted not to receive such information.
RETENTION OF DATA
Plantforce Interior Landscaping Limited will retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary for the purpose set out in this privacy policy. We will retain and use your personal data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Plantforce Interior Landscaping Limited will also retain usage of data for internal analysis purpose. Usage data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our service, ore we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
TRANSFER OF DATA
Your information, including personal data, may be transferred to – and maintained on – computers located outside of your country or other governmental jurisdiction, where the data protection laws may differ that those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside the United Kingdom and choose to provide information to us, please note we may transfer the data. Including personal data to the United Kingdom and process it there.
Your consent to this privacy policy, followed by your submission of such information, represents your agreement to the transfer.
Plantforce Interior Landscaping Limited will take all of the reasonable necessary steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of personal data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place, including the security of your data and other personal information.
DISCLOSURE OF DATA
DISCLOSURE FOR LAW ENFORCEMENT
Under certain circumstances, Plantforce Interior Landscaping Limited may be required to disclose personal data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency)
LEGAL REQUIREMENTS
Plantforce Interior Landscaping Limited may disclose personal data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Plantforce Interior Landscaping Limited
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the service
To protect the personal safety of users of the service or the public
To protect against legal liability
SECURITY OF DATA
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we take the necessary precautions to protect your personal data using commercially acceptable means we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
YOU’RE RIGHTS
Plantforce Interior Landscaping Limited aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your personal data.
Whenever is possible, you can update your personal data by contacting us directly to make the required changes.
If you wish to be informed of what personal data we hold about you and if you would want it to be removed from our records, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the right to:
Access and receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you
Rectify any personal data held about you that is inaccurate
Request the deletion of personal data held about you
Please note we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
SERVICE PROVIDERS
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our service (“service providers”), to provide the service on our behalf, to perform service-related services or to assist or to assist us in analysing how our service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
This Service uses Google Analytics to monitor and analyse the use of our Service.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data may be shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualise and personalise the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information of Children under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you believe that your Child/Children may have provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from Children without verification of parental consent, we will take the appropriate steps to remove that information from our records.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be notified within the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “last updated” date at the bottom of this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
Head Office Telephone: 020 7538 2141
Email: maintenance@plant-force.co.uk
This document last updated: 23rd May 2018
Privacy & Cookies Policy | Environmental Policy | Quality Policy | Plantforce HS Policy
Copyright © Plantforce Interior Landscaping Ltd 2020