http://www.surgical-dressing.com/privacy.html
Leave a Message
We will call you back soon!
Your message must be between 20-3,000 characters!
Please check your E-mail!
SUBMIT
More information facilitates better communication.
Mr.
Mr.
Mrs.
OK
Submitted successfully!
We will call you back soon!
OK
Leave a Message
We will call you back soon!
Your message must be between 20-3,000 characters!
Please check your E-mail!
SUBMIT
Please leave your correct email and detailed requirements.
OK
Lianyungang Baishun Medical Treatment Articles Co.,Ltd.
Lianyungang Baishun Medical Treatment Articles Co.,Ltd.
30 years experience in disposable cotton products!
Sales & Support:
English
English
French
German
Italian
Russian
Spanish
Portuguese
Dutch
Greek
Japanese
Korean
Arabic
Home
Products
About Us
Factory Tour
Quality Control
Contact Us
Company News
Home Privacy Policy
Legal Notice And Privacy Policy
Prompt Clause
This platform reminds you: please read and understand this statement carefully before using the services of the platform.
Limitation Of Liability
We are responsible for the content of our own uploads within the legal framework; we are not responsible for any statements made by users themselves.
Privacy Policy
We respect the protection of users' personal information. When you use the services provided by the platform, we will collect, use and share your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy. This privacy policy contains our terms for the collection, storage, use, sharing and protection of your personal information. We recommend that you read this policy in its entirety to help you understand how to maintain your privacy. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, you can contact us via the contact information published on the platform. If you do not agree to any content of this privacy policy, you shall immediately stop using the platform services. By continuing to use any of the services of the platform, you agree that we will lawfully collect, use, store and share your information in accordance with this privacy policy.
Use Of Cookie
To give you an easier access experience, when you visit our platform-related websites or use the services provided by the platform, we may use cookies, flash cookies, or other local storage provided by your browser or associated applications (collectively " Cookies") to provide you with a personalized user experience and service. Please understand that some of our services can only be implemented by using "cookies".You may modify the acceptance of cookies or refuse cookies if your browser or browser's additional services allow it, but this may affect your secure access to the platform-related websites and the services provided by the platform.
Protection Of Your Personal Information
In order to protect your information security, we strive to take all reasonable security measures to protect your information, in case of information leakage, damage or loss, including but not limited to SSL, information encryption storage, data center access control.We also strictly manage employees or outsourcers who may be exposed to your information, including but not limited to signing confidentiality agreements with them, taking different authority controls depending on the position, and monitoring their operations.
Minor Protection
We attach importance to the protection of minors' personal information. If you are a minor, we suggest that you ask your guardian to carefully read this privacy policy and use our services or provide information to us under the premise of obtaining the consent of your guardian.
Cotton Wool Pads
Dental Cotton Rolls
Medical Gauze Rolls
Request A Quote
Send
E-Mail | Sitemap
Mobile Site
Privacy Policy
China Good Quality Medical Cotton Wool Roll Supplier.
© 2018 - 2020 surgical-dressing.com. All Rights Reserved.