https://www.customerparadigm.com/magento-development/help/magento-consulting/
303.473.4400
/
Toll Free: 888.772.0777
MAGENTO CONSULTING
Business Magento Certified
Need a Magento Consultant to help move your business forward?
Customer Paradigm can help take your eCommerce business to the next level with a wide variety of consulting and marketing services.
About Customer Paradigm
Customer Paradigm is an award-winning, Colorado-based interactive agency with clients throughout the United States, Canada, Europe and Asia.  Our customer-centric approach allows us to internalize our client’s vision for their organization and design websites and print marketing that gets results.
In order to best serve our clients, we developed our own project management system that makes sure all projects are done on time, on budget and to your satisfaction.  With more than seven thousand successfully completed projects since 2002, we strive to make working with us easy, fun and affordable.  Our team is always available via phone or email, and you’ll have direct access to a dedicated project manager.
Our work focuses on three areas:
1. Acquire (with Experience & Creativity)
Search Engine Optimization
Search Advertising
Conversion Rate Optimization
Trade Show Marketing
Social Media
Microsites
2. Retain (with Commitment & Dedication)
Permission-based Email Marketing
Direct Mail Marketing
Social Media
3. Interact (with Prompt & Clear Communication)
Website Design & Development
Magento eCommerce
WordPress Content Management
Custom Application Development
Professional Photography & Video
Our work includes Website development for 3M, microsites for Xcel Energy and marketing campaigns for the Four Seasons, BP, Shell Global Solutions and Genetech.
From continuing medical education courses and e-newsletters for Johns’ Hopkins University, to trade show marketing / mini-CRM systems for Genetech, to secure remote imaging software and website development for the Greeley Medical center, we understand the specific challenges and opportunities faced by a wide variety of industries.
We’ve done privacy consulting work for Merck, McGraw Hill, Lillian Vernon, and Starwood Hotels. We understand the challenges a regulated industry faces when it comes to the collection, use, storage and access to sensitive, personally-identifiable information on their websites across the U.S. and abroad.
We’ve built eCommerce systems for Travelocity, helped AAMCO Colorado achieve top search engine optimization results, and created microsites for Go To Meeting’s Citrix. Clothing retailer Fresh Produce relies on Customer Paradigm for custom Magento eCommerce programming. The San Francisco Soup Company leverages Customer Paradigm’s cross platform expertise in an integrated mobile optimized system and daily email marketing campaigns.
Our Search Engine Optimization (SEO) efforts helped news organizations find local religious leader, Rabbi Jamie Korngold and cover her program in The Wall Street Journal, USA Today, AP, Ski Magazine, CBS News and more. This intense media interest sparked a book offer from Doubleday Religion, who published Rabbi Korngold’s first best-selling book, God in the Wilderness (www.GodintheWilderness.com).
In the sustainability realm, Pfizer, 3M and Intel are the first users of a manufacturer-based sustainable development software planning tool we’ve developed for the Global Environmental Management Initiative (GEMI) organization. We’ve also recently redesigned the sustainability section of the 3M Website site for 3M.
Free, No Obligation Consultation
About Magento Programming:
Call Today!
303.473.4400
Toll Free 888.772.0777
Or Click Here To Have A
Real Person Contact You Now >>
We offer our clients access to a dedicated Project Manager who is both knowledgeable about Magento, hosting, development, and marketing. We also have marketing consultants, SEO experts and a wide variety of developers to assist your company.
Our developers are knowledgeable about everything from Magento upgrades to Magento optimization, and can offer you the expert advice necessary to make the right decisions for your eCommerce store.
How Can a Magento Consultant Help Me?
Everything from setting up Magento to picking the right extensions can be confusing!
Making the right choice about extensions, hosting companies, and marketing strategies will affect your sales.
Making the right choice is critical to the success of your business.
Many companies say they are eCommerce “experts,” but they may never have worked with the Magento eCommerce system before!
Learn the Power of Magento
from Magento Experts.
We know Magento.
But don’t take our word for it.
Our developers know Magento’s 150,000 lines of code inside and out, and have been tested directly by Magento and certified to work on Magento Websites.
The differences between Magento and other eCommerce platforms are vast, so it’s important to work with a company that really knows Magento. Customer Paradigm offers a variety of consulting services including:
Magento Hosting Consulting
Magento Marketing Consulting
Magento SEO Consulting
Magento Extension Consulting
Magento Administration Consulting
Magento Order Processing Consulting
We’ve helped hundreds of companies make the right decisions for their eCommerce store.
To have Customer Paradigm contact you about Magento Consulting please click here or call us toll free at 888.772.0777 or 303.473.4400.
Free, No Obligation Consultation
About Magento Programming:
Call Today!
303.473.4400
Toll Free 888.772.0777
Or Click Here To Have A
Real Person Contact You Now >>
Customer Paradigm
4.87 out of 5
based on 55 ratings. 34 user reviews
Please Have A Real Person Contact Me Now:
First:*Last:*Phone:*Email:*
Comments:Please have a real person contact me now.CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Home
About Us
Submit Support Request
Contact Us
Magento
SEO
Software
Services
Portfolio
Articles
Blog
SiteMap
Login
Whitepaper
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020 Customer Paradigm
Pin It on Pinterest