https://www.berkley-fishing.com/Berkley-privacy-policy.html
Skip to content
Search Berkley
Search
FREE Standard Shipping On Orders Over $50
Account
New
Back To All Categories
Hit Stick Hard Baits
View All New
Bait
Back To All Categories
Hard Bait & Jigs
Soft Bait
Dough
Attractant
View All Bait
Line
Back To All Categories
Fluorocarbon Line
Monofilament Line
Uni-Filament Line
Superline
Leaders
View All Line
Terminal Tackle
Back To All Categories
Hooks
Jigheads
Snaps & Swivels
Rigs
Sleeves
View All Terminal Tackle
Rods & Combos
Back To All Categories
Spinning Combos
Spincast Combos
Baitcast Combos
Spinning Rods
Casting Rods
View All Rods & Combos
Gear
Back To All Categories
Knives & Tools
Fishing Equipment
Apparel & Accessories
View All Gear
Sale
Back To All Categories
Bait on Sale
Line on Sale
Terminal Tackle on Sale
Rods & Combos on Sale
Tools & Equipment on Sale
Apparel & Accessories on Sale
View All Sale
Stories
Back To All Categories
Fall Fishing
Gulp! Saltwater
PowerBait: Facts not Fads
Welcome to Fishing
Topwater
Line Matters
View All Stories
Account
Privacy Policy
BY USING OR ACCESSING THIS WEBSITE YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND ASSENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. PLEASE READ THIS POLICY CAREFULLY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITE.
This policy is intended to help you understand how Pure Fishing Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, "Pure Fishing," "we" or "us") collect, use and safeguard the information you provide on this website. This policy covers this website and all Pure Fishing websites except where otherwise indicated. Some Pure Fishing websites may have policies that supplement this policy. We encourage you to read this policy and any supplemental policies on Pure Fishing websites. In the event of any conflict between this policy and terms set forth in a supplemental policy, the latter will apply to the website on which such supplemental policy is posted.
Collection of Personal Information
If you browse any Pure Fishing website, you may generally do so anonymously without providing any personal information. However, there are cases in which we may ask you for personal data. For example, we will occasionally conduct on-line surveys to better understand the needs and profile of our visitors. In addition, we may request personal information when you register to receive additional information regarding our products and services, download software, sign up for a newsletter or send us a question. In such cases, the personal information we request will typically consist of your title, first and last name, mailing address, email address, and phone number as well as certain billing and credit card information for purposes of effecting payments. Additionally, we may provide you with the option of submitting information such as your birthday, anniversary date, information regarding the size and composition of your household and your preferred retailers, all of which are intended to enhance your experience, and inform you, of our product and service offerings Even if you choose not to give information we request, you can still visit most of the Pure Fishing website, but you may be unable to access certain options, offers and services.
Orders
As above, when you place an order for a product or service, we need to know your name, e-mail address, billing and shipping addresses, phone number, credit card number and expiration date. This personal information is required so that we can process and fulfill your order, send an order or shipping confirmation, as well as notify you of your order status. All Internet transactions with Pure Fishing are performed on a secure server that encrypts your credit card information to ensure it is not read by unauthorized third parties.
Fraud Protection
This and other Pure Fishing websites use your personal information for the purposes of consumer fraud protection. Your submitted shipping, billing, and payment information as well as details of your order contents are shared with third party services who specialize in detecting fraud.
By purchasing products on our website, you agree that we can use and disclose your personal information to these third parties solely for the purpose of performing consumer fraud protection.
If you receive notice that your order has been canceled due to suspected fraud and you believe your order has been canceled in error, please contact us at (800) 237-5539.
Canadian Residents
We currently do not ship orders outside of the United States.
If you are resident of Canada and you would like to take advantage of any of your rights under the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) please contact us.
European Union Residents
We currently do not ship orders outside of the United States.
We will only collect your information from non-essential cookies with your consent.
We will only use the information you provide to us for marketing purposes with your consent.
If you wish to take advantage of any of your rights related to the European Union Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), such as the Right to Erasure (otherwise known as the "Right to be Forgotten"), please contact us directly and we will be happy to assist you.
California Residents
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the CCPA) provides consumers who are California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. You have the right to opt-out of Pure Fishing’s sale of your personal information.
You have the right to request deletion of the personal information collected or maintained by Pure Fishing. Please note that deleting your information will remove your purchase history from our records and we’ll be unable provide you with a record of your purchases.
You have the right to request that Pure Fishing disclose what personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell (does not apply if requested more than twice in a 12-month period), including:
Categories of personal information we collected about you during the preceding 12 months.
Categories of sources from which we collected the personal information during the preceding 12 months.
Business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information during the preceding 12 months.
Categories of third parties with whom we share the personal information during the preceding 12 months.
Specific pieces of personal information we collected about you during the preceding 12 months.
In order to protect your information from unauthorized deletion or disclosure, we will verify your request using three pieces of Personal Information that can be verified against data previously collected from you and in our systems.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf (your designated authorized agent), may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Personal Information.
We will request your name, mailing address, and email address from you in order to complete the verification process. We may also request some additional information, such as: last four digits of your credit card, last item ordered, date of last order, total dollar charge of last order, last item you returned, or the name of person you have shipped to in the past.
When it is not possible to match three pieces of Personal Information, we may engage a third-party verification service to avoid fraudulent or malicious intent.
We will only use personal information provided provide to us for this purpose to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
When we are not able to verify your request, we must deny the request, but will communicate the reason for such denial to you.
We will not discriminate against you because you exercised your rights under this section of the Privacy Policy.
For purposes of exercising your rights above, please note how we collected and used your personal information in the preceding 12 months:
We collect the following categories of personal information: Identifiers; personal information listed in the CA Customer Records statute (such as payment information), characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law; commercial information; professional or employment information; internet or other electronic network activity information; geolocation data; audio, electronic, or visual information; sensory data, such as audio and visual recordings; inferences drawn from other personal information, such as: your preferences and behaviors.
We disclose the following categories of personal information for a business purpose: Identifiers; personal information listed in the CA Customer Records statute (such as payment information); characteristics of protected classifications under the California or federal law; commercial information; internet of other electronic network activity information; geolocation data; inferences drawn from other personal information, such as: your preferences and behaviors.
We disclose personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of Service Providers: Shipping companies, printing companies, event planners and operators, data brokers, technology companies, cloud service providers, analytics companies, fraud protection and investigation companies, payment processors, credit card issuer, media companies/platforms.
Per the CCPA’s definition of sell, we sell the following categories of personal information in order to deliver a more personalized experience and to show you products that we think you’ll be interested in: Identifiers; commercial information; Internet or other electronic network activity; geolocation data.
Per the CCPA’s definition of sell, we sell personal information to the following categories of vendors: Data brokers, credit card issuer, and media companies/platforms.
Right To Know
If you’d like to make a Right to Know request, please contact us at privacy@purefishing.com or (800) 237-5539.
We will confirm receipt of your request within 10 days.
We will respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to an additional 45 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. You may make a Right to Know request up to twice in a 12-month period.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your Right to Know request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Right To Delete
If you’d like to make a Right to Delete request, click here or contact us at privacy@purefishing.com or (800) 237-5539.
You have the right to request deletion of your Personal Information that we collected or maintain, subject to certain exceptions.
Impacts of deletion include:
Your purchase history will no longer be accessible
We will not be able to look up your transactions for returns, previous gifts, warranties, or repairs
You will be required to provide a receipt for any future returns
If you have an account on any Pure Fishing website it will be deleted
Please note, we will continue to maintain limited information needed to comply with product recalls, fraud prevention, and other legal and business requirements.
We do have alternatives if you are unsure if deleting your personal information is the best option for you. Please feel free to contact us at privacy@purefishing.com or call (800) 237-5539 to inquire about unsubscribing from or limiting emails.
In order to delete your information, the following steps are required by the law:
You submit a request to delete, and
We will separately confirm with you that you want your information deleted.
If we are unable to verify a Request for Delete, your request will be treated as a request to Opt-Out of the sale of your personal information, and we will notify you.
Once we receive and confirm your deletion request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, within 45 days, unless an exception applies.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Pure Fishing does not sell personal information as a practice. However, if you’d like to make a Do Not Sell request, click here or contact us at (800) 237-5539.
You have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time (the "right to opt-out").
We will process your Opt-Out request within 15 days and will notify third parties of your request.
Pure Fishing may deny a request, if it is deemed fraudulent.
You may change your mind and opt back into personal information sales at any time by contacting us.
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your opt-out rights. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request.
Pure Fishing Mailings/Marketing Communications
If you provide us with personal information, and choose to join our e-mail list, we will place you on our mailing list to receive e-mails regarding news, product/service updates, special offers, important issues and new products and services. The personal information that you provide may be shared internally with other subsidiaries, brands, and affiliates of Pure Fishing, Inc. If you do not wish to receive e-mail updates or other marketing communications, please unsubscribe via the unsubscribe link included in all communications from this and other Pure Fishing brands.
Sharing and Use of Personal Information
Personal information provided to us may be used for marketing and promotional purposes only by Pure Fishing. Except as described in this policy, Pure Fishing does not rent, sell or otherwise distribute to third parties, your personal information entered on this site without your consent, unless required by law or as disclosed to you when the information is collected. If you do provide us with consent to share your information with other third-party companies, we may share your information with third party companies who offer products and services that may be of interest to you. These companies may then contact you directly with product or sample offers, personalized offers and information, or to ask for your feedback on products and programs that they think may be of interest to you.
We may share your personal information with our third-party service providers on a need-to-know basis. We engage third-party service providers to perform certain services on our behalf. In order to perform those services, the service providers may need to know your personal information. We require that they protect this information and only use it to perform services on our behalf. These services include:
Shipping
Name and address verification
Email distribution
Surveys & market research
Advertising & promotions
Fraud protection & investigation
Payment processing
Customer relationship management (CRM)
Advertising on third party platforms (which may combine the information we share with information already in their possession and offer you choices about which ads you see). These third parties have privacy policies of their own that apply to your use of their platforms.
Partnering with third-party vendors such as Google Analytics to understand what content, experiences, and promotions are most relevant to you. To learn about how Google Analytics collects and processes data, click here.
Additionally, we may share statistical, anonymized or aggregated non-personal information about our users with advertisers, business partners, sponsors and other third parties. This data is used to customize Pure Fishing website content and advertising to deliver a better experience to our users.
Special Cases
Pure Fishing reserves the right to disclose user information in special cases, when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other Pure Fishing website users or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. We may disclose personal information without notice to you in response to a subpoena or when we believe in good faith that the law requires it or to respond to an emergency situation. We also may disclose personal information as part of a merger or acquisition.
Transfer of Personal Information
Depending on the country in which you are located, your personal information may be transferred to another country for data storage and processing. When we transfer personal information, we use commercially reasonable efforts to transfer the information in compliance with all applicable data protection laws.
Cookies and IP Tracking
This site may use cookies for site administration purposes. If for any reason you wish to not take advantage of cookies, you may have your browser not accept them, although this may disable or render unusable some of the features on this and other Pure Fishing websites.
This website also may detect and use your IP address or domain name for internal traffic monitoring and capacity purposes or to otherwise administer our website. No personal information is obtained; rather, just the patterns of usage of our various users may be tracked to provide you with improved service and content based on aggregate or statistical reviews of user site traffic patterns.
Do-Not-Track
Currently, (i) other parties (e.g. third-party advertising networks and analytics providers) may not collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use our website or services, and (ii) we do not respond to, or take any specific action in connection with the receipt of, Do-Not-Track signals or other similar mechanisms regarding the collection of personally identifiable information about an individual consumer’s online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services.
Policies for Children
Generally, our websites are not intended for children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect information from children under such age; moreover, Pure Fishing encourages parents and guardians to monitor and participate in their children's online activities. However, certain of our websites may be directed to such children and, in such cases, the privacy policy for such website will state this, and we shall use commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable laws intended to protect such children, including the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998. Unless you are viewing a website directed specifically to children, no information should be submitted to this site by users under 13 years of age, and users under 13 years of age are not allowed to register for newsletters, clubs or activities. In addition, users under 18 years of age are not allowed to make purchases or participate in contests, except for those specifically directed to children. Where appropriate, Pure Fishing may ask you to indicate your age to verify compliance with these policies.
Linked Sites
Please be advised that this website may contain links to third party websites. The linked sites are not under the control of Pure Fishing, and we are not responsible for the content, or privacy practices or other activities of any linked site or any link on a linked site.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Pure Fishing reserves the right to change or update this policy, or any other policy or practice, at any time. We will provide individuals who have submitted personal information to us with reasonable notice of material changes to this website. Additionally, you are encouraged from time to time to review any updated versions of this policy, as indicated by the effective date of this policy set forth below. Any changes or updates will be effective immediately upon posting to the Pure Fishing site. Your use of this website after such changes or updates have been posted signifies your acceptance of the changed terms.
Contact Us
In case you have questions about this policy or our related practices, or wish to review, update or delete personal information about yourself submitted to or collected by us, we will endeavor to answer such questions, facilitate such review and correct, update or remove the personal data in question, as requested. In such case, please contact us via the contact points specified below:
Ethics and Compliance Team
Pure Fishing Inc. 7 Science Court Columbia, SC 29203(800) 237-5539 privacy@purefishing.com
Additionally, if you would like your e-mail address removed from our database, please send an e-mail to optout@purefishing.com, and type the word "Remove" in the subject line.
Please note that questions about our products and services should not be directed to privacy@purefishing.com or optout@purefishing.com and will not receive a reply.
Effective Date: This policy is effective as of July 7, 2020.