http://www.bdbdata.com/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Privacy Statement
Transaction Capital Payment Solutions the (“Company”) is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy (“Statement”) applies to the Company’s website and governs data collection and usage. By using the Company’s website, you consent to the data practices described in this Statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
The Company collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number as well as anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favourites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by the Company. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by the Company for the operation of the service, to maintain the quality of service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Company’s website.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through the Company’s public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: the Company does not read any of your private online communications.
The Company encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from the Company’s website so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. The Company is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Company’s website or other websites within the Transaction Capital Limited group.
Use of your Personal Information
The Company collects and uses your personal information to operate the Company’s website and deliver the services you have requested. The Company also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from the Company.
The Company may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
The Company does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. The Company may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e.g. e-mail, name, address, telephone number), is not transferred to the third party. In addition, the Company may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you e-mail or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to the Company, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
The Company does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
This data is used to deliver customised content and advertising within the Company to customers whose behaviour indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
The Company’s websites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in good-faith with the belief that such action is necessary to:
(a) conform to the edicts of the law, or comply with legal process served on the Company or the site;
(b) protect and defend the rights or property of the Company; and
(c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Company, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Company’s website uses “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalise the Company’s pages or register with the Company site or services, a cookie helps the Company to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the Company’s website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Company’s website’s features that you customised.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Company’s services or websites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
The Company secures your personal information from unauthorised access, use or disclosure. The Company secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
The Company will occasionally update this Statement to reflect company and customer feedback. The Company encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how the Company is protecting your information.
Search for:
Search
Recent Posts
Hello world!
Recent CommentsMr WordPress on Hello world!Archives
July 2016
Categories
Uncategorized
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
×Close
a
a
Close