http://www.jcj.com/privacy-policy/
------------JCJ operates www.jcj.com (the “Site”). This Privacy Policy applies when you visit or use the Site or other online services operated by JCJ that link or refer to it.“JCJ” includes JCJ Architecture, PC, JCJ Architecture NJ, PC and JCJ Business Corp., Inc. and is referred to herein as “JCJ”, “the Company”, “we”, “us” or “our”, as appropriate.The privacy of your Information is of the utmost importance to JCJ. This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Information we receive from users of the Site.The term Information is to be construed broadly and may include, but is not limited to, Personally Identifiable Information, Site Data Usage, or an IP Address. Personally Identifiable Information is information that identifies a person as an individual, such as your name, company, and title, postal address, telephone number, or email address. Site Usage Data is aggregated information, demographic information, and any other information that does not reveal a person’s specific identity. An IP Address is the Internet Protocol address of the computer that you are using.Information Collection and UseBy using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of all Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The Site is intended to be used by adults and corporate entities interested in JCJ. The Site is not intended for children, and JCJ does not knowingly collect or store Information about children under the age of 13.While using the Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain Information that can be used to contact or identify you. We do not collect Information about you unless you provide that information to us, including text characters and any audio, video, and graphic information formats, when using our create brochurefeature, or if you submit an employment application in response to a job posting on our website. We may also receive additional Information about you from other publically and commercially available sources, as permitted law.We may combine all of the Information we collect or receive about you and use or disclose it in the manner described in this Privacy Policy.We use your Information to provide you with any information you request or to respond to inquiries we receive from you or your company or organization. In addition, we continually strive to improve our Site and its offerings based on the Information and feedback we receive from you. We also may use your Information to analyze how users use the Site and perform related analysis, research, reporting, and troubleshooting and as we believe is necessary or appropriate to protect, enforce, or defend legal rights, privacy, safety or property, whether our own or that of our employees or agents or others, and to comply with applicable law.We will retain your Information for as long as needed to provide the services or information requested in your contact with us. We will retain and use your Information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.To the extent consistent with applicable law, we may share your Information in the following circumstances:· With affiliated and third-party service providers, such as companies that provide us technical support, data hosting, and other services;· With other parties when required by law or as necessary to provide or protect our services, products, and other offerings. For example, we may need to disclose Information with other parties to comply with the law or respond to legal process or a request for cooperation by a government entity or law enforcement; to prevent fraud or verify and enforce compliance with the policies and terms governing our services; and to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, or any of our respective affiliates, business partners, customers or employees;· In the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of a JCJ business or assets to a third party, such as in connection with a merger or in the event of a bankruptcy reorganization or liquidation; and· When you or your company or organization consent to or request such sharing.Log DataLike many site operators, we collect Information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.CookiesCookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive.Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect Information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.Security and DisclosureThe security of your Information is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially reasonable means to protect your Information under our control including firewalls and other security measures, we cannot guarantee its absolute security or protection against loss, misuse, or alteration.It is possible that we might be forced to disclose your Information in response to legal process or when we believe in good faith such disclosure is required by law, such as in response to a court order, a law enforcement agency request, in response to a subpoena, or in response to an administrative agency's request.In addition, the Information that we collect and manage may be processed in other locations or may be disclosed, processed and stored outside of Connecticut or the USA and therefore may be available to government authorities in other states or countries under lawful orders and laws applicable there. By using the Site or providing us with Information you consent to such transfers. We will take all commercially reasonable steps to see that your Information is protected and maintained in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable data privacy law.Links to Other WebsitesThis Site may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for such third party sites in any manner including without limitation, the privacy practices of other websites. We encourage you to be aware of this when you access any such third party links and to read the privacy policies of each website that you access. This Privacy Policy only applies to Information collected by us by this Site.Likewise, JCJ is not responsible for the collection, usage and disclosure policies and practices (including the data security practices) of any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider or device manufacturer, including with respect to any Information you disclose to such other organizations through or in connection with our social media pages, any mobile sites, applications, widgets, and other mobile interactive features.Your California Privacy RightsCalifornia residents are entitled, once a year and free of charge, to request and obtain certain information regarding JCJ’s disclosure of certain categories of Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. JCJ does not disclose Information to third parties for direct marketing purposes.Online Privacy Policy OnlyThis Privacy Policy applies only to Information collected through the Site and not to information collected offline.Request to Delete Personal InformationUnless restricted by law, we will take all reasonable steps to functionally delete your Information from our database(s) upon request, although we may keep a copy for archival purposes for as long as necessary in our opinion, in compliance with applicable laws. We will respond to your request to access, update or delete your Information within thirty (30) business days. Before we are able to provide you with any Information, correct any inaccuracies or delete any Information, however, we may ask you to verify your identity and to provide other details (in a secure manner) to help us to respond to your request.Changes to This Privacy PolicyJCJ may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.Contact UsAll comments, queries and requests relating to this Privacy Policy are welcomed. If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, or if you wish to review, edit, or request that we correct or delete Personal Information in our possession, please contact us at the addresses below:E-mail: info@jcj.comMail: JCJ Architecture Attn: Information Technology 120 Huyshope Avenue, Suite 400 Hartford, CT 06106This Privacy Policy was last modified on April 28, 2017.