http://www.octopusreloc.com/privacy_policy.php
Toggle navigation
OCTOPUS RELOCATIONS
HOME
SERVICES
WHO CAN WE HELP
PRIVACY POLICY
CONTACT US
EN
Privacy policy
Octopus Relocation and personal data
Octopus Relocation recognizes the need to protect the privacy and personal data of all of us and on the basis of the new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), we effectively take technical and organizational measures to protect the personal data of our clients, associates and employees.
The active and dynamic involvement of all Octopus Relocation employees in the Personal Data Protection Program ensures that program performance audits are regularly audited and that the level of protection of personal data held by the company is continually improving.
How are my personal data protected?
At Octopus Relocation we work daily to ensure that the personal data we receive:
-	Are processed in a legal, fair and transparent manner
-	Collected solely for specific and legitimate purposes
-	They are adequate, they are related to the purpose for which we collect them and are limited to what is necessary
-	They are accurate and up-to-date
-	Maintained exclusively within the specified timeframe and no longer
Are processed in a way as to ensure the necessary security of personal data
What are my rights?
-	Access
You have the right to know what data has been collected about you and how such data has been processed.
- Correction
You have the right to contact us to make changes to inaccurate data.
- Erasure
If we are not obliged by law to maintain the data we hold and relate to you, you can ask for your personal data to be deleted.
- Data Portability
You can ask us to forward your data to another organization.
- The right to oppose and limit processing
In case you disagree with the way we process your personal data, you can request the interruption or limitation of the processing.
- The right to withdraw consent
You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing your personal data at any time.
To exercise your rights, please fill out the form at the following link:
Request Form
You can refer to the Personal Data Protection Authority's website for complaints
I need more information
If you have any questions about protecting your data, you can email privacy@octopusreloc.com and we will respond to you as soon as possible and not later than one month.
We encourage you to read our Personal Data Protection Policy at the link below
Open
MEMBER OF
About us
Octopus Relocations was established in 2001 as Octopus Relocation Services. In 2015 we became part of the Orphee Beinoglou Group and since then we trade under the name Octopus Relocations.
Location
27th km Old national road Athen - Corinth
GR-19200 Elefsina
ATHENS - GREECE
Contact us
Tel: +30 210 4599 530
Fax: +30 210 4599 531
info[at]octopusreloc.com