http://www.anagousa.com/terms-of-use/
Open Accessibility Menu
Skip to Content
Skip to Menu
Increase Text Size
Clear All
Hide
Terms of Service
1. Terms
By accessing the website at
www.anagocleaning.com (including any mobile optimized version of our site) (the “Website”),
you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service (“Terms of
Service”) and all applicable laws and regulations. You agree that
you are responsible for compliance with any laws that are applicable to
your use of the Website. Please carefully review these Terms of Service
and the Privacy Policy, and any other terms and conditions that may appear
on the Website that govern particular offers or features incorporated
herein (together, the "Terms & Conditions"). Such Terms
& Conditions govern your use of and access to the Website and any
and all content, data and information contained on the Website. If you
do not agree with these Terms of Service, you may not use the Website
or provide us with any of your Personal Information (as defined in the
Privacy Policy). The materials contained in this Website are protected
by applicable copyright and trademark law.
2. Use License
We grant you permission to temporarily access the materials (information
or software) on our Website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing
only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under
this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display
(commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on our Website;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials
on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these
restrictions and may be terminated by us at any time. Upon terminating
your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license,
you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in
electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on our Website are provided on an 'as is' basis. We make
no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaim and negate all
other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or
conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement
of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
Further, we do not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy,
likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on our Website
or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this Website.
4. Limitations
In no event shall we or our services providers be liable for any damages
(including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or
due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use
the materials on our Website, even if we or one of our authorized representatives
has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage.
Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties,
or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these
limitations may not apply to you.
5. Accuracy of materials
The materials appearing on our Website could include technical, typographical,
or photographic errors. We do not warrant that any of the materials on
our Website are accurate, complete or current. We may make changes to
the materials contained on our Website at any time without notice to you.
However, we do not make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
We have not reviewed all of the sites linked to our Website and are not
responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of
any link does not imply our endorsement of the linked website. Use of
any such linked website is at your own risk.
7. Modifications
We may revise these Terms of Service for our Website at any time without
notice. By using this Website you are agreeing to be bound by the then-current
version of these Terms of Service.
8. Your Representations
As a condition of your right to use the Website, you represent that you
are of legal age to enter into a binding contract and that you are not
a person barred from accessing the Website under the laws of the United
States or any other country. You represent and warrant that any information
you post or provide to us by means of the Website, including, without
limitation, as part of any enrollment or application form or to gain access
to the Website, is truthful, accurate, not misleading and offered in good faith.
9. Governing Law
The Terms and Conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of Florida, and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction
of, and waive any objection to venue in, the courts in that State.
10. Commencement of Actions
Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the Website must
be commenced within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arises;
otherwise, such cause of action or claim is permanently barred. You acknowledge
and agree that this limitation may be shorter than the limitation provided
under applicable state law.
11. Miscellaneous
Our failure to act with respect to a breach of the Terms & Conditions
by you or others does not constitute a waiver and shall not limit our
rights with respect to such breach or any subsequent breaches. Neither
the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act
to modify the Terms & Conditions. We may assign our rights and duties
hereunder to any party at any time without any notice to you. The Terms
& Conditions may not be assigned by you without our prior written
consent, which we may withhold or condition in our sole discretion. If
any provision of the Terms & Conditions shall be unlawful, void, or
for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable
from the Terms & Conditions and shall not affect the validity and
enforceability of any remaining provisions. The Terms & Conditions
may not be modified except in writing, signed by both parties.
The Terms of Service and our Privacy Policy constitute the sole and entire
agreement between you and us regarding the Website and supersede all prior
and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations, and warranties,
both written and oral, regarding the Website.