https://www.cashlineloans.com/privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
Home
Get a Loan
Car Title Loans
My Account
Testimonials
How it Works
Contact Us
My Account
Privacy Policy
Why Choose Us?
We are Faster, better, and cheaper!
We are your Friendly neighbors here in California
You don’t need perfect credit with CashLine
You don’t need collateral
We are a licensed and regulated lender
Learn More
Need Help?
For over 10 years, we’ve been helping families get the money they need fast.
About Us
Refer a Friend
10 steps out of debt
Same Day Payday Loans
The Truth About Payday Loans
Instant Payday Loans: Myth?
Fee Calculator
Learn More
HomePrivacy PolicyCashline Privacy Policy
At CashLine your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy describes the information we collect and how we use that information and is applicable if you have applied for service with CashLine, or if you are a current or former customer. This Privacy Policy is effective as of January 1, 2007 and applies to both current and former customers of CashLine .
PROTECTING THE PRIVACY OF CUSTOMER INFORMATIONWe are committed to protecting your privacy and to implementing technology that gives you the most powerful and secure online experience. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to transmit and store information about you. For instance, we use computer virus protection software, firewalls, and a 128 bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) for data transmission to ensure that your information is secure. We are constantly evaluating new advances in security technology and techniques to provide the best possible protection for information about you. In addition, we permit only authorized employees who have a job-specific purpose and are trained in the proper handling of customer information to have access to your information.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOUWe collect "nonpublic personal information" about you from several sources:
Information you provide through on-line forms, registration forms, surveys, and or other entries, such as your name, address, drivers' license number or othergovernment issued photo ID, social security number, email addresses, assets andincome;
Non-personally identifiable information such as, web page http headers (homeserver domain names, IP address, type of client computer, and type of Webbrowser);
Information, user specific or aggregate, on what pages our visitors access;
The e-mail addresses of visitors that communicate with us via e-mails;
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates or others, such aspayment history and loan balances;
Information we receive from third parties, such as consumer reporting agenciesand other lenders, regarding creditworthiness and credit history.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECTThe information we collect about you is primarily used to provide services to you and contact you regarding administrative notices. We may also use your information to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, and enforce our agreements with you, including our Terms and Conditions, Application Agreement, Loan Agreement, and this Privacy Policy.
We may therefore use your contact information to send you information about our company and promotional material from our partners. We may also use your personal, demographic and profile data to improve our website, for statistical analysis, for marketing and promotional purposes, and for editorial or feedback purposes for our advertisers. Information collected by us may be added to our databases and used for future e-mails or postal mailings regarding site updates, new products and services, upcoming events, and/or status of orders placed online.
PARTIES TO WHOM WE DISCLOSEWe reserve the right to share, rent, sell, or otherwise disclose data we collect to our affiliates, as well as to non-affiliated third parties, including but not limited to magazine publishers, retailers, and direct marketers. Any non-affiliated third party we share, rent, sell, or otherwise disclose data to will be carefully prescreened by us, determined by us to be reputable, and will use the personal data for marketing products and services which we determine, in our sole judgment, that you might find of interest.
INFORMATION WE SHARE WITH AFFILIATES
Some of our services are provided using our affiliates, and we share nonpublicpersonal information with them in order to fulfill the services you have requested.
INFORMATION WE SHARE WITH THIRD PARTIES:
We use certain non-affiliated third parties as service providers, and we sharenonpublic personal information with them in order to fulfill the services you haverequested.
INFORMATION WE SHARE WITH FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS:
We may disclose information we collect to financial institutions with which wehave a marketing and servicing agreement such as banks and our affiliates.
CONTACT PREFERENCESYou can express a preference for receiving telephone and email contacts from CashLine. Specifically, we may send you email regarding our service from time to time or call to remind you about upcoming payments. If you do not wish to receive these emails or phone calls, simply logon to your account on www.cashlineloans.com and "opt-out" of this service on the Change Account Preferences page. You may also contact www.cashlineloans.com Customer Service at (800) 494-3708 to change your contact preferences. By electing to opt-out of receiving contacts by telephone, mail, or email, you will not receive updates on new product information or special offers.
Notwithstanding the above, we may send out periodic emails informing you of technical service issues related to a service you requested. You will not be able to choose to unsubscribe from these mailings as they are considered an essential part of the service you have requested.
In addition, we reserve the right to contact you regarding your account status and changes to subscriber agreements, privacy policy, or any other policies or agreements relevant to you and/or your loan.
ACCURACY OF YOUR ACCOUNT INFORMATIONWe have established procedures to ensure that your financial information is accurate, current and complete, in keeping with reasonable industry standards. We continually strive to maintain complete and accurate information about you and your accounts. Should you ever believe that our records contain inaccurate or incomplete information about you, please notify us. We will investigate your concerns and correct any information we determine to be inaccurate.You may change your information on your application online by logging into the website and selecting "Update Info."
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYBecause circumstances and technologies change, we reserve the right to change this policy at any time by notifying you of the existence and location of the new or revised privacy policy or by posting the changes online at our website.
ADDITIONAL SECURITY PRECAUTIONSYou also have a significant role in protecting your information. No one can see or edit your personal information without knowing your login information,; do not share this with others. If you use this site you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account, password, and restricting access to your computer. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account and password.
"COOKIE" POLICYTo ensure we are publishing content customers need and want www.cashlineloans.com collects aggregated site visitation statistics using cookies. We do not track individuals' use of the web site. When someone visits the web site, a cookie is placed on the customer's machine (if the customer accepts cookies). If you choose to not have your browser accept cookies from the www.cashlineloans.com web site, you will not be able to subscribe to the service offerings on the site.
CREDIT REPORTING DISCLOSUREWe may report information about your account to credit bureaus. Late payments, missed payments, or other defaults on your account may be reflected in your credit report.
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS IN ALL STATESIf you wish to “opt-out” of disclosure of information with affiliates and nonaffiliated third party companies or financial institutions performing marketing services on our behalf or with whom we have joint marketing agreements (other than as allowed by law) to log into your account, go to the Change Account Preferences page and state your information sharing and contact preferences.
By electing to opt-out of information sharing you will not receive updates on new products, services, or special offers. We may still send out periodic emails informing you of technical service issues related to a service you requested. You will not be able to choose to unsubscribe from these mailings as they are considered an essential part of the service you have requested.
CHILDREN AND THE INTERNETWe respect the privacy of your children, and we comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). We do not knowingly collect or retain personally identifiable information from consumers under the age of thirteen (13). You must be at least eighteen (18) years of age to obtain services from us.
California ResidentsIf you are a California resident, you have the right to receive: a) information identifying any third party company(ies) to whom we may have disclosed, within the past calendar year, personal information pertaining to you and your family for the company's provision of services or marketing purposes; and b) a description of the categories of personal information disclosed. To obtain such information you must make a request in writing. Your request must include your name registration (email address), the site name you visited and a return address or it will not be processed. We will not honor such requests more than once per calendar year. Requests made via email will not be accepted. Please mail your request to the address listed below.
WHO DO YOU CONTACT WITH QUESTIONS?If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices of this web site, please contact us by sending a letter to:
CashLineAttn: Privacy Officer220 Newport Center Drive, #11-333Newport Beach, CA.  92660or(800) 494-3708orSending us an e-mail at: support@cashlineloans.com
OPT OUT NOTICEIf you wish to opt out of the disclosure of your non-public information, you may do so by using any of the following methods:
1) Complete the Opt Out Instruction Form below as applicable and return the form to us at this address:CashLine Loans, Attn.: Opt Out/Opt-In Processing/Operations, 220 Newport Center Drive, #11-333, Newport Beach, Ca. 92660
To enable us to process your request, please don't forget to include within your communication the following information:
your complete name (first, middle and last name)
street address including city state and zip code
account number(s) (of the product or service of which you would like your opt-outinstructions to apply)
social security number
telephone number (if applicable)
If you jointly have an account with another individual, an Opt-out directive from either you or the other account holder will be accepted and processed in connection with the account specified in your instructions. However, a separate opt-out instruction must be received for each account that you maintain with us for which you do not want us to share information.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------(Cut Here)
(After printing, cut along perforated line, complete and mail to the address provided above)Opt-Out Form-CashLine LoanCheck the following
I do not want you to share my nonpublic personal information with non-affiliated third parties outside of exceptions allowable by law. I do not want your affiliate to market their products or services to me based on information that you share with them.
Complete the following so that we may properly identify your account
Your Full Name
Street Address
City
State
Zip Code
Social Security #
Tel. Number
(       )
Account #
Account #
Account #
Home | Title Loans | My Account | Testimonials | How it Works | Contact Us
© 2020 Cashline Loans, Inc. All Rights Reserved.  Privacy Policy | Disclosures | Terms of Use | Rates | State License