https://www.rainhail.com/d/ps/privacy_statement_w_TRUSTe
Skip to main content area
Username
Password
Unlock/Reset Password
Forgot Username
Create an Account
Return to Services Site
HomeAboutOur StoryCommunity CommitmentDivision Office LocationsMission StatementService Through TechnologyWorldly InfluenceCareersAgri General Insurance CompanyCanadian DivisionBlueprint to Improve Crop InsuranceCanadian Division - Everyone Benefitsmore... CropCrop-HailMulti-Peril Crop InsurancePrivate Stand Alone Programsmore... Commercial/Farm & RanchToolsAccess Your Policy ProvisionsCreate an AccountFind an AgentHistorical Causes of LossHistorical Commodity PricingHistorical Trend AdjustmentLoss Estimation WorksheetMPCI DatesMPCI Industry DataRevenue Loss Trigger Worksheetmore... ResourcesRain and Hail MerchandiseRain and Hail Insurance SocietyRHIS Political Action CommitteeClaims Resources & FAQsAcceptable Production RecordsPricesHarvest PricesHistorical Commodity PricingPrice AnnouncementsProjected PricesWeatherCurrent WeatherWeather ForecastsWeather Statisticsmore... Search
Privacy Statement
This privacy statement applies to www.RainHail.com owned and operated by Rain and Hail L.L.C. (collectively, “we”, “us”, or “our”). This privacy statement describes how Rain and Hail L.L.C. collects and uses the personally identifiable information you provide on our website: www.RainHail.com. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
The following statement has been developed to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy. Our privacy statements are designed to help us serve our customers while maintaining strict privacy and security standards. If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement or would like to modify your contact information or personal preferences, please send us a message.
California Resident Privacy Policy
Information Collected
RAIN AND HAIL L.L.C. collects personally identifiable information and sensitive personal information (name, e-mail address, social security number/employer’s identification number, bank account information, insurance policy number, Tax ID) and demographic data (city, state, zip code, etc.) provided by you when you:
Register for our services
Send us an e-mail message
You are not required to disclose any personally identifiable information to us, although portions of our Web site may be unavailable to you without such information.
How We Use Information
We use the information you provide to process and maintain your account. We may also use this information to contact you about your account, or to send you necessary information directly related to the products or services you have requested or our newsletter.
We also collect social security number or employer’s identification number as a part of our sales process. Collection of the social security number (SSN) or the employers identification number (EIN) is authorized by section 506 of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1506), and is required as a condition eligibility for participation in the Federal crop insurance program. The primary use of the SSN or EIN is to correctly identify you, and any other person an interest in you or you entity of 10 percent or more, as a policyholder the systems maintained by the Federal Crop Insurance Corporation (FCIC). Furnishing the SSN or EIN is voluntary; however, failure to furnish that number result in denial of program participation and benefits.
We collect bank account information for agents or policyholders that choose to pay fees or receive payment via an automatic deposit/withdraw process.
E-mails
Rain and Hail LLC may keep the e-mails you send to us. If you agree to receive e-mail messages from us, we will keep the information you give us to send e-mails specific interest to you. If you choose to send us e-mail, we may keep your e-mail, your e-mail address, and our reply. Please be careful about the information you send us in e-mail. As with any public Web site, this communication may not be secure.
We post testimonials on the website so clients can share their experiences with other potential clients. We receive expressed consent to post all testimonials on our website that contain personally identifiable information before they are posted. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at PrivacyOffice@RainHail.com.
Cookies and other Tracking Technologies
Rain and Hail L.L.C and our partners, affiliates, or analytics or service providers use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the site, track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
We use cookies (small text files transferred from our Web site to hard drive) to allow you to access, request information and navigate www.Rainhail.com. Cookies do not damage files or contain any personally identifiable information - they simply allow us to provide you access to www.RainHail.com. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our site may be limited.
As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files.
This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve services we offer you, to improve marketing, analytics, or site functionality.
As described in this Privacy Notice, [CUSTOMER AND/OR] third parties on our digital propert(ies) may use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect information and infer your interests for interest-based advertising purposes. If you would prefer to not receive personalized ads based on your browser or device usage, you may generally express your opt-out preference to no longer receive tailored advertisements. Please note that you will continue to see advertisements, but they will no longer be tailored to your interests.
To opt-out of interest-based advertising by participating companies in the following consumer choice mechanisms, please visit:
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)’s self-regulatory opt-out page (http://optout.aboutads.info/) and mobile application-based "AppChoices" download page (https://youradchoices.com/appchoices)
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)’s self-regulatory opt-out page (http://optout.networkadvertising.org/).
In the mobile environment, most mobile operating systems offer device-based opt-out choices that are transmitted to companies providing interest-based advertising. To set an opt-out preference for a mobile device identifier (such as Apple's IDFA or Android's GAID), visit the device manufacturer's current choice instructions pages, or read more about sending signals to limit ad tracking for your operating system here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices.
Please note that these settings must be performed on each device (including each web browser on each device) for which you wish to opt-out, and if you clear your cookies or if you use a different browser or device, you will need to renew your opt-out preferences.
Password Restricted Areas of the Site
This Site is password restricted to authorized users
("Registered Areas"). If you are an authorized user of the Registered Areas, you agree that you are for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account, and agree to notify RAIN AND HAIL L.L.C. if the password is lost, stolen, disclosed an unauthorized third party, or may have been compromised. You are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account. You agree immediately notify RAIN AND HAIL L.L.C. of any unauthorized use of your account any other breach of security known to you in relation to the Site.
Agent Services, Policyholder Services and Adjuster Services are secured applications that are accessible through the website. These services allow Agents, Policyholders Adjusters to access policy information. Personal Identifiable Information requested at login is used to validate the user. The information available is depending upon your relationship to us.
Security and Links
This website takes reasonable precautions to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information (such as bank account information and social security number/employer’s identification number) via the website, your information is both online and off-line. We use encryption software and other security measures to protect from the loss, misuse or alteration of sensitive information our control. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at PrivacyOffice@RainHail.com.
However, RAIN AND HAIL L.L.C.’s site includes links to other sites. These links are clearly identified on the web page. When you to visit those sites, and submit personal information we are not responsible for their privacy statements or how they treat user information as it is governed by their privacy statements. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any Web site you visit.
Limiting Employee Access to Information
We have procedures that limit employee access to personally identifiable information those employees with a business reason to know such information about you. Educate our employees about the importance of confidentiality and customer privacy through standard operating procedures, special training programs, and policies on ethics. We take appropriate disciplinary measures to enforce privacy responsibilities.
Restrictions on Disclosing Information to Parties Outside Our Affiliated Companies
We do not reveal specific information about your accounts or other personally identifiable information to parties outside our affiliated companies for their independent unless: (1) you request or authorize it; (2) the information is provided help complete a transaction initiated by you; (3) the information is provided a reputable credit bureau or similar information reporting agency; or (4) disclosure otherwise is lawfully permitted or required. We do not provide your personally identifiable information to non-RAIN AND HAIL L.L.C. affiliated companies the purpose of independent telemarketing, e-mail or direct mail marketing any non-financial products or services of those companies. We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
Maintaining Your Privacy in Business Relationships with Parties Outside Our Companies
Sometimes it is necessary to provide personally identifiable information about you to a party outside our affiliated companies, such as to an insurance agent adjuster who provides support or services for one or more of our products. We may also provide your personally identifiable information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as completing your registration or offering customer service. These companies are authorized to use your personally identifiable information only as necessary to provide these services to us. These service providers agree to safeguard our confidential information about you and products and services with us and must abide by applicable law.
Making Changes
We strive to keep our records accurate and will make appropriate corrections as you notify us. Upon request RAIN AND HAIL L.L.C. will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. Please let us know if there is incorrect information in statements or other communications that you receive from us.
If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may access, correct, or request deletion of your personal information by contacting us, at 1-800-776-4045 or by emailing at WebMasterSupport@rainhail.com. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Additional Information
In certain situations, RAIN AND HAIL L.L.C. may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. RAIN AND HAIL L.L.C. may disclose your personal information to, (i) investigate fraud or respond to a government request, warrants, or orders, (ii) as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process (iii) when RAIN AND HAIL L.L.C. believes in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, property or an individual's safety or is at risk (iv) if RAIN AND HAIL L.L.C. is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
Contacting RAIN AND HAIL L.L.C.
To make this notice easy to find, it is available as link from the Site's and at every point where we collect information from you. If you have questions or concerns about RAIN AND HAIL L.L.C.'s privacy statement please us directly. You may also contact us via physical mail by sending requests :
Privacy Officer
Rain and Hail LLC
9200 Northpark Drive
Johnston, IA 50131
515-559-1000
Email: PrivacyOffice@RainHail.com
Changes in this Privacy Statement
If we decide to change our privacy statement, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page prior to the change becoming effective.
This Policy applies to all of the following related entities:
Rain and Hail LLC
Rain and Hail Insurance Service, Inc
Agri General Insurance Company
Rain and Hail Insurance Service International, Inc
Effective date of Privacy Statement: October 1, 2020.
Careers
| Contact Us
| Find an Agent
| Search
| Site Map
| Support
Disclaimer | Fraud | Non-Discrimination Statement | Privacy Statement | California Resident Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions
Download our mobile app iTunes App Store | Google Play™ Store
© 2000-2020 Rain and Hail | All rights reserved. Rain and Hail is an equal opportunity provider and employer.