http://www.terryberry.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home > Privacy Policy
Terryberry Online Privacy Policy
When you use our employee recognition programs and services, it is important to us that your privacy remains a priority.
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To protect your privacy Terryberry provides this notice explaining Terryberry’s online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Website Privacy Policy
Effective: June 1, 2020
Terryberry (“Company” or “We”) respects your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit a Terryberry website (our “Website“) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
This policy applies to information we collect:
On this Website.
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Website.
When you register for events, subscribe to a newsletter or provide feedback in an online survey.
When you receive our communications or participate in our online or offline activities or events.
When you receive our services.
This Policy applies only to information collected by Terryberry and does not apply to any other information or websites not owned or operated by Terryberry.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:
By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, employer, job title or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline (“Personal Information“);
About your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website, and usage details.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies.
From third parties, for example, our business partners.
The information we collect through our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided when requesting services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our Website.
Information about you when you request information, respond to surveys or otherwise correspond with us.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website.
Your search queries on the Website.
We may collect other information from you that is not specifically listed here. We may use such information in accordance with this policy.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Information:
To present our Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To provide you with notices about your account.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
Investigate or prevent violation of the law or your agreements with us; protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by prosecuting and defending legal claims) and protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity;
Comply with applicable laws, lawful requests and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities; and where permitted by law in connection with a legal investigation.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose Personal Information that we collect, or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep Personal Information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Terryberry’s assets.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
To government or law enforcement officials or private parties for compliance, fraud prevention and safety and to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
We use Google Analytics to help us gather statistical information about the visitors to our Website and how they use the Website on an anonymous, aggregate basis. However, we will not associate this data with your personally identifiable data unless required to do so to cooperate with law enforcement activity or other governmental request or to comply with law.
We may use this information to gain a better understanding of the users of our Website, to improve our Website, and to improve our services. Depending on the type of browser and device that you use, you may have the ability to control the type of information that Google Analytics use. To understand how Google Analytics collects and processes data, please visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Website.
Technologies we use for automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies.
Web Beacons. Pages of our the Website may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Third-Party Cookies.
In addition to our own cookies, we collaborate with various third-party service providers who also use cookies to help us optimize our website and understand more about the visitors to our website. For example, we use Google Analytics to provide us with demographic information about our visitors and to help us analyze how people use our website. Our third-party service providers include: GoogleAnalytics, GoToMeetings, YouTube, Microsoft; Facebook, LinkedIn Pardot, TopSpot. Live Chat, Zendesk, Twilio, Xplenty, and Capterra.
To learn more about how these providers use cookies, please click the links above or visit their respective websites to view their privacy policies.
How Can You Disable Cookies and Other Tracking Technology?
Most browsers let you remove or reject cookies. To do this, follow the instructions in your browser settings. Many browsers accept cookies by default until you change your settings. For more information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your computer or mobile device and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.com.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the Personal Information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Promotional Offers from the Company. If you do not wish to have your email address/contact information used by the Company to promote our own products or services, you can opt-out by or sending us an email stating your request to privacy@terryberry.com. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may send us a return email asking to be omitted from future email distributions. This opt out does not apply to information provided to the Company as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience or other transactions.
Consequences of Not Providing Personal Information.
You are not required to provide all Personal Information identified in this Policy to use our Website or to interact with us offline, but certain functionality will not be available if you do not provide Personal Information. For example, if you do not provide Personal Information, we may not be able to respond to your request, perform a transaction with you, consider you for employment, or provide you with marketing that we believe you would find valuable.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
You can review and change your Personal Information by logging into the Website and visiting your account profile page.
You may also send us an email at privacy@terryberry.com to request access to, correct or delete any Personal Information that you have provided to us. We cannot delete your Personal Information except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your Personal Information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of Personal Information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Children
The Website is not intended for use by anyone under the age of 18, nor do we knowingly collect or solicit Personal Information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are under 18, you should not attempt to use the Site or send any information about yourself to us.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ Personal Information, we will notify you through a notice on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices:
Email us at privacy@terryberry.com
Mail us at:
Terryberry Company
Customer Marketing
2033 Oak Industrial Dr. NE
Grand Rapids, MI 49505
Attn: Privacy Officer
Supplemental Privacy Notice for California
Effective Date: January 1, 2020
Last Reviewed on June 1, 2020
This Supplemental Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the information contained in Terryberry’s Website Privacy Notice and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Notice.
Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device (“Personal Information“).
We have collected the following categories of Personal Information covered by the CCPA from consumers within the past 12 months, and have used it for the following business purposes:
Category of Personal Information Collection
Business Purpose of Collection
Identifiers, including real name, alias, mailing address, email address, account name, telephone numbers, and unique personal identifiers such as online identifiers and IP address, or other similar identifiers.
To provide services and marketing.
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, including age or date of birth, race, color, national origin, physical disabilities, mental disabilities, medical condition, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, and criminal conviction history
If you choose to disclose this information, we collect it as part of our employment application process.
We also collect gender information to assist in relationship management and ensuring we properly address individuals in our communications (e.g., whether to call someone Ms., Mrs., Mr., etc.)
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
As relevant and necessary to provide our services.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including browsing history, search history, and information regarding an individual’s interaction with an internet site, application, or advertisement
To provide you more relevant content, track original Website visits, and optimize your Website experience as well as to ensure our systems are properly functioning.
Geolocation data
To assist in marketing and identify Website traffic patterns.
Occupation, professional, or employment-related information
To market and provide our services to you and to communicate with you.  In addition, if you choose to disclose this information, we collect it as part of our employment application process.
Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, abilities, and aptitudes.
As relevant and necessary to provide our services.
We obtain the categories of Personal Information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete or products and services you purchase.
Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions on our Website.
Use of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the Personal Information we collect for one or more of the following purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and contact information to request a price quote or ask a question about our products or services, we will use that Personal Information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your Personal Information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns.
To provide, support, personalize, and develop our Website, products, and services.
To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.
To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
To personalize your Website experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers through our Website and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law).
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Website, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business.
For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our Website, products, and services.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your Personal Information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Information held by us about our consumers is among the assets transferred.
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Information or use the Personal Information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
We may disclose your Personal Information to a third party for a business purpose. When we disclose Personal Information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that Personal Information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
We share your Personal Information with the following categories of third parties:
Service providers.
Product vendors.
Sales of Personal Information
Company does not sell Personal Information.
Your Rights
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their Personal Information.
Right to Know. You may request no more than twice in a 12-month period that we provide you with copies of specific Personal Information we have collected, sold, or disclosed about you. However, under California law, we cannot provide you with certain sensitive information, despite your request (for example, we will not send you copies of your social security number even if it is something we collected).
Right to Delete. You may request that we delete certain Personal Information we have collected about you, with certain exceptions.
Exercising Your Rights. To exercise your rights above, please submit a request to. Please describe your request with sufficient detail so we can properly respond to your request. As part of your request, please specify which right you are exercising and be prepared to provide the following information: name, email address, and the type of request you wish to make. We may ask for additional information to verify your identity. The information you provide in your request and any follow up information we ask for from you will be used solely to verify your request.
After receiving your request, we may need to contact you for further information and will notify you if your request has been granted or declined, or if an exception applies to your request.
Only you or an individual designated as your authorized agent to act on your behalf may make a request related to your Personal Information.
We may not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise your rights.
Responding to Your Rights Request. We will try to respond to your request within 45 days. If we need more time, we will contact you with the reason we need more time and the extension period. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. In response to your request to know, we will only disclose the information we have collected in the 12 months prior to our receipt of your request. Our response will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with any request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless your request is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate prior to completing your request.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about our Privacy Policy or practices:
Email us at privacy@terryberry.com
Mail us at:
Terryberry Company
Customer Marketing
2033 Oak Industrial Dr. NE
Grand Rapids, MI 49505
Attn: Privacy Officer
Supplemental Notice to European Users
The following applies to individuals in the European Economic Area.
Legal bases for processing. We are required to inform you of the legal bases of our processing of your Personal Information, which are described in the table below. If you have questions about the legal basis of how we process your Personal Information, contact us using one of the methods detailed at the end of this Policy.
Processing Purpose
Legal Basis
To provide the Site and communicate with you.
You are subject to a contract with us and we need to use your Personal Information to provide services you have requested or take steps that you request prior to providing services.
To send you marketing communications.
For compliance, fraud prevention, and safety.
These processing activities constitute our legitimate interests. We consider and balance the potential impact on your rights before we process your Personal Information for our legitimate interests. We do not use your Personal Information for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
For compliance with law.
Processing is necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
With your consent.
If we expressly ask for your consent prior to processing your information, our processing is based on your consent. Where we rely on your consent you have the right to withdraw it anytime in the manner indicated on the Site.
To share your Personal Information as described in this Policy.
This sharing constitutes our legitimate interests, and in some cases may be necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
Retention. We will only retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Information, the purposes for which we process your Personal Information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Your Rights. European data protection laws give you certain rights regarding your Personal Information. You may ask us to take the following actions in relation to your Personal Information that we hold:
Access. Provide you with information about our processing of your Personal Information and give you access to your Personal Information.
Correct. Update or correct inaccuracies in your Personal Information.
Delete. Delete your Personal Information.
Transfer. Transfer a machine-readable copy of your Personal Information to you or a third party of your choice
Restrict. Restrict the processing of your Personal Information.
Object. Object to our reliance on our legitimate interests as the basis of our processing of your Personal Information that impacts your rights.
You may submit these requests by contacting us as detailed at the end of this Policy. We may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request. Applicable law may require or permit us to decline your request. If we decline your request, we will tell you why, subject to legal restrictions. If you would like to submit a complaint about our use of your Personal Information or response to your requests regarding your Personal Information, you may contact us or submit a complaint to the data protection regulator in your jurisdiction.
Cross-Border Data Transfers. Any information you provide to us through the use of the Site may be stored, processed, transferred among, and accessed from the United States and other countries which may not guarantee the same level of protection of Personal Information as the one in which you reside. However, we will handle your Personal Information in accordance with this Policy regardless of where your Personal Information is kept. Regarding transfers from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) to the United States, we rely on the derogations for transfers which are necessary to perform the transaction with you. Where required by law, you may request a copy of the suitable mechanisms we have in place by contacting us as detailed below. If you reside in other non-US jurisdictions outside the EEA, your use of the Site or provision of any Personal Information constitutes your consent for the transfer of such data to the United States for the purposes identified above. If you have questions about cross-border transfers, please contact us as detailed below.
Disclosures for National Security or Law Enforcement. Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your Personal Data in response to valid requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Policy or would like to request access to your Personal Data, please contact us as follows:
Email: privacy@terryberry.com
Postal Address:
Terryberry Company
Attn: Privacy Officer
2033 Oak Industrial Drive NE
Grand Rapids, MI 49505
Changes to This Policy
We reserve the right to amend this Policy from time to time.
Effective Date: June 1, 2020
Last modified: June 1, 2020
×
×
Connect with Us to Get Started Contact Us
This website stores cookies on your computer, which are used to provide a more personalised service to you. By using our website, you agree to our use of cookies. To find out more, see our
Privacy Policy.X