https://www.integer.net/privacy-policy/default.aspx
Integer | Privacy Policy
Skip to main content
Locations
Investor Relations
Corporate Citizenship
Careers
Contact Us
Markets
Interactive Market GuideAngiographyCardiac RhythmElectrophysiologyHeart FailureInfusion Therapy & HemodialysisInterventional CardiologyMarket-Ready ProductsNeuromodulationNeurovascularOncologyPeripheral VascularPortable PowerStructural HeartUrologyVascular Access
Products
Products A-ZBatteriesCapacitorsCathetersClass III Medical Device SystemsCombined DevicesGuidewiresIntroducersIPG ComponentsLead ComponentsSteerable Catheters, Sheaths & Delivery SystemsStentsUnfiltered & Filtered Feedthroughs
CapabilitiesApproachCompany
AboutOur HistoryOur LeadershipCorporate Citizenship
Our Values2019 HighlightsCharitable Giving
American Heart Association Twin Cities Heart WalkPieta House Wexford, IrelandFoundation for Children of the Californias Tijuana, Mexico#Integer4Good
Corporate Governance
Snapshot of 2020 Board of DirectorsEnvironmental, Health, Safety and Security
News & EventsOur LocationsCareersElectrochem
News & Events
Markets
Interactive Market GuideAngiographyCardiac RhythmElectrophysiologyHeart FailureInfusion Therapy & HemodialysisInterventional CardiologyMarket-Ready ProductsNeuromodulationNeurovascularOncologyPeripheral VascularPortable PowerStructural HeartUrologyVascular Access
Products
Products A-ZBatteriesCapacitorsCathetersClass III Medical Device SystemsCombined DevicesGuidewiresIntroducersIPG ComponentsLead ComponentsSteerable Catheters, Sheaths & Delivery SystemsStentsUnfiltered & Filtered Feedthroughs
CapabilitiesApproachCompany
AboutOur HistoryOur LeadershipCorporate Citizenship
Our Values2019 HighlightsCharitable Giving
American Heart Association Twin Cities Heart WalkPieta House Wexford, IrelandFoundation for Children of the Californias Tijuana, Mexico#Integer4Good
Corporate Governance
Snapshot of 2020 Board of DirectorsEnvironmental, Health, Safety and Security
News & EventsOur LocationsCareersElectrochem
News & Events
Locations
Investor Relations
Corporate Citizenship
Careers
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Code of Conduct
CA Supply Chains Act
Privacy Policy
Integer Holdings Corporation Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION
In this Policy, “Integer”, “we”, “us” and “our”, refer to Integer Holdings Corporation, a Delaware corporation having an address of 2595 Dallas Parkway, Suite 310, Frisco, Texas 75034. This Privacy Policy applies to this website (Integer.net) and to any websites operated by Integer subsidiaries and affiliates.
Integer recognizes that privacy is important and is committed to safeguarding information provided to us by any third parties (“you“) (including its clients and all visitors to the website www.integer.net (“Website“) from which any individual can be identified, such as names, contact details and ID data. To the extent that any personal data is collected, it will be held in confidence in accordance with the Data Protection Legislation (as defined below). Please read the following Privacy Policy which explains how we use and protect your information.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us through our Website or write to us at Privacy Matters, c/o Integer.net, 10000 Wehrle Drive Clarence, New York, 14031 USA.
We will only use personal data which is provided to us, or otherwise obtained by us, as set out in this Policy. We will ensure that your information is handled in accordance with the “Data Protection Legislation” (meaning any law applicable from time to time relating to the processing of personal information and/or privacy as the same may be re-enacted, applied, amended, superseded, repealed or consolidated, including without limitation, the California Consumer Privacy Act, the UK Data Protection Act 1998, (effective May 25, 2018) the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679, and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003, in each case including any legally binding regulations, directions and orders issued from time to time under or in connection with any such law).
By visiting and/or contacting us through the Website (or otherwise engaging with us), you acknowledge that we may collect, use and transfer your personal information as set out in this Policy. Integer reserves the right to change this Policy from time to time and you should therefore check this page frequently to ensure that you are satisfied with any changes.
For the purposes of the Data Protection Legislation, Integer Holdings Corporation is deemed to be the “data controller” in respect of any Personal Data that you provide to us or we otherwise obtain about you.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU
We use the term “personal information” to refer to any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual, or as defined under applicable law. We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information you provide: When you use the contact us form, email Integer, or otherwise directly interact with us, you may provide us your personal information, including the following categories of information:
Identifiers: your name, physical address, email address, telephone number, country of origin.
Professional Data: professional position, employer name.
Other Information: any information that you voluntarily provide to us.
Some of this information may be collected and processed for the purpose of legal compliance and some for purposes of our legitimate business interests (subject to your rights).
Information we collect about you: With regard to each of your visits to our Website we may automatically collect the following information:
Internet or Network Activity Information: Technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your browser type and version, time zone setting, browser versions, operating system and platform. This may also include information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our Website (including date and time); page response times, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs).
Information we receive from other sources: We may work with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers and credit reference agencies) and may receive information about you from them. Where this is the case, the relevant third party is responsible for obtaining the relevant consents from you (if necessary) to ensure you agree with the ways in which your personal data will be used.
COOKIES
When you visit the Integer website, we send one or more cookies (a small file containing a string of characters) to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service by storing user preferences and tracking user trends, such as how people search. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
HOW INTEGER USES THE INFORMATION
We use information held about you for the following business or commercial purposes:
Information we collect about you: We may use this information, including your Internet or Network Activity Information:
To perform statistical analyses of user behavior in order to measure relative consumer interest in the various areas of the Website (for service development purposes) and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, testing, research and other statistical analysis;
To improve our Website to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
As part of our efforts to keep our Website safe and secure; and
To improve the quality of our search technology, and customized content.
Information you provide: We may use this information, including your Identifiers, Professional Data, Other information, and Internet or Network Activity Information:
To administer the Website;
To provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
Subject to receiving your consent, or where we are otherwise entitled to do so, to provide you with information about other goods and services that you enquired about. Where you have elected to receive such information, this may be provided (by post, telephone, mobile messaging (e.g. SMS, MMS etc.) as well as by email);
To notify you about changes to our service;
To ensure that content from our Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
To enable your use of the services available on the Website; and in order to process your inquiries, and respond to any requests made by you or about you relating to the Website.
Information we receive from other sources: We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
If you change your mind about us using your data in the ways described in this Policy, please let us know by contacting us using the details set out in Section 1 above.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
Where it is necessary for the performance of our contract with you or for our internal business processes, we may share your personal information with certain third parties. By submitting your personal information to us, you acknowledge that such third parties may receive and process your personal information. Integer asks all third parties to treat your personal Information securely and in accordance with this Policy or other contractual agreements to keep personal information confidential. Integer will take reasonable steps to enforce the security and confidentiality of your personal information.
We have shared personal information that we collect about you or that you provide to us with the following categories of third parties:
Affiliates: To our other group companies and our advisers. We have disclosed to our affiliates your Identifiers, Professional Data, and Other Information.
Government and Law Enforcement: In addition, it may be necessary to disclose your personal information if we are under a duty to disclose your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation (such as anti-money laundering or anti-terrorist financing obligations), carry out an internal investigation, enforce our rights under any agreement, or protect the rights, property, or safety of Integer, our group companies and our clients, directors, employees or other personnel. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and prevention.
Merger, Acquisition, or Bankruptcy: In exceptional circumstances, if we are sold or merged with another company we may disclose your information to a potential buyer, including your personal information and other information concerning your relationship with us, so that they can continue to provide the services you have requested.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
The information that we collect from you may also be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA“). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. This includes staff engaged in, among other things, the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you are acknowledging this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the Data Protection Legislation. This means that we will only transfer your information to third parties that (a) are in countries that have been confirmed by the European Commission to provide adequate protection to personal information; or (b) have agreed to provide all protections to your personal information as set out in the Data Protection Legislation.
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will only keep your personal information for as long as we reasonably require and, in any event, only for as long as we have a legal basis, right or obligation to keep it.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and, although we will take steps to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted via the Website; any transmission is therefore at your own risk.
YOUR RIGHTS
You are entitled to know some details about the personal information we hold about you and how that information is processed. If you would like to request this, please contact us at contact-integer@integer.net using the details set out at Section 1 above and we will provide you with the information to which you are entitled.
You can also ask us to: (a) make any changes to ensure that any personal information we hold about you is accurate and up to date; (b) erase or stop processing any personal information we hold about you where there is no longer a legal ground for us to hold it; or (c) in some circumstances, transfer any information we hold about you to a specified third party.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at contact-integer@integer.net using the contact details set out at Section 1 above.
CALIFORNIA RESIDENT PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are a resident of California, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) may provide you with specific rights regarding your personal information.
Your Rights Under the CCPA:
Information about Collection, Sales, or Disclosure: The right to be informed of the categories of personal information that we collect about you, the categories of sources from which the personal information was collected, the business or commercial purposes for which the personal information is used, disclosed, or sold, and the categories of third parties with whom we share the personal information. Our response to your request to know (either the categories of specific pieces of personal information) will only cover the twelve (12) month period preceding the request.
Access to Specific Information: The right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past twelve (12) months. We will usually share this information with you within forty-five (45) days of you asking us for it.
Deletion Request Rights: You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions.
Personal Information Sales Opt-Out Rights: You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information.
Non-Discrimination: We do not discriminate against you for exercising any of your privacy rights under CCPA or applicable law, including discrimination in the form of: denying you goods or services; charging you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties; providing you a different level of quality of goods or services; or suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level of quality of goods or services.
We describe in more detail the personal information we have collected about you in the twelve (12) months preceding the effective date of our Notice in the “Information We Collect From You” section above. The information we have collected includes the following categories of information set out in the CCPA:
Identifiers;
Internet / electronic network activity information; and
Professional or employment-related information.
How to Exercise Your CCPA Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please write to us at contact-integer@integer.net and include “CCPA Rights Request” in the subject line of your message.
Before we can process your request, we need to verify your identity. During the verification process, depending on the nature of your request (e.g., whether you are seeking to access specific pieces of personal information or requesting a deletion of personal information) we will verify your identity against known information in our environment, such as your name, e-mail address, and telephone number. When we receive your request, we also may contact you via e-mail or by telephone to verify your identity. In certain instances (e.g., where there is a mismatch against known information in our environment or where you are seeking information on behalf of another person without authorization), we may seek additional verification from you, which may be in the form of providing a copy of a valid, government-issued identification or notarized attestation.
Exercising CCPA Rights for Someone Else
In order to designate a third party to act on your behalf, that person must be registered with the California Secretary of State and must have valid written evidence of authority from you to act on your behalf (e.g., a validly executed Power of Attorney or some other written, notarized documentation that the can provide to Integer). Absent such documentation, we reserve the right to refuse to comply with third-party requests for information.
COMPLAINTS
Should you have any queries or complaints in relation to how we use your personal information, please contact us. Should you wish to take any complaints or queries further, you have the right to contact the Information Commissioner’s Office or the data protection authority in your jurisdiction regarding such issues.
THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
This Privacy Policy applies only to our Website. The Website contains links to other websites, which have their own privacy policies. We do not exercise control over these websites, so please check these policies before you submit any personal information via these websites.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time at our sole discretion effective immediately upon the posting a new version on our Website. Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version. Your continued use of the Website will be deemed to constitute your acceptance of any changes. If you do not agree to any changes we make to the Privacy Policy you must not continue to use our Website.
Updated: January, 2020
Locations
Contact Us
U.S. and Foreign Patents
Privacy Policy
Code of Conduct
CA Supply Chains Act
Sitemap
Integer – Terms
©
Integer Holdings Corporation
Powered By Q4 Inc.
5.43.1.1
(opens in new window)