http://www.halsteadbead.com/company/privacy-policy
Halstead Privacy Policy
Last Updated: November 30, 2020
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) is intended to provide you with the specific details about how Halstead Bead, Inc. (“Halstead,” “we,” and “us”) collects and processes your personal and personally identifiable information through your use of the website and related services (“Website”). Halstead is a data processor and data controller of the information collected through the Website.
You understand and agree that Halstead may store and process your personal or personally identifiable information (defined below) on computers located outside of your current location, including, but not limited to, in the United States. By using the Website, you agree to the collection and processing of your Personal Information in a location other than your current location.
Before using the Website or providing information to us, please carefully review this Privacy Policy. By using or accessing the Website, you agree that we may collect and use your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, as revised from time to time. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, or if your personal information is not accurate or complete, please contact us at:
Halstead Bead, Inc.
6650 Inter-Cal Way
Prescott, AZ 86301
service@halsteadbead.com
By providing Halstead with your personal or personally identifiable data and using the Website, you warrant that you are over the age of eighteen (18) or otherwise above the age of majority within your jurisdiction. If you are younger than eighteen (18) or the age of majority within your jurisdiction, please do not use the Website and please do not provide personal information to us.
A. Personal Information Collected
When you use the Website, we may collect personal or personally identifiable information from you (“PII”). PII may include any information capable of identifying an individual, but it does not include anonymized data.
We may collect and process the following categories of PII about you:
Communication Data. Communication data includes any communications that you may send to us through the Website, email, chat, telephone, and social media. We process this data to communicate with you, to record logs of our communications, and to store information to respond to legal claims, including lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. Halstead’s lawful ground for processing this communication data is to respond to communications sent by you to us, to keep records of our communication, and to pursue or defend against legal claims.
User Data. User data includes data about how you use the Website and any data that you post to or authorize through the Website. We collect and process this data to operate the Website and to ensure that timely and relevant content is provided to you, to secure the Website, and to maintain backups of the Website. Halstead’s lawful ground for processing this user data is its legitimate business interests in administering and offering the Website.
Technical Data. Technical data includes data about your use of the Website, such as your IP address, your login data, your phone number, your operating system, your geolocation, and your time zone. Halstead may collect this data from your use of the Website and from advertising IDs. Halstead processes this data to analyze your use of the Website, to administer and secure the Website, to provide location-relevant content, to deliver relevant content and advertisements, and to understand the effectiveness of Halstead’s advertisements. Halstead’s lawful ground for collecting and processing this technical data is its legitimate interests in administering and offering the Website and to grow its business and marketing strategy.
Marketing Data. Marketing data includes data about your preferences in receiving information from and interacting with the Website, such as whether you would like to subscribe to the Halstead’s newsletters. Halstead collects this data from your use of the Website. Halstead’s lawful ground for collecting and processing this marketing data is its legitimate interests in administering and offering the Website and to grow its business and marketing strategy.
Sensitive Data. Sensitive data includes data about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, union membership, or information about your health. Halstead does not collect or use sensitive data in the Website.
We may also request your consent to collect and process data you provide to us. You can always revoke your consent by changing your account settings or emailing us with your opt out request at: service@halsteadbead.com.
Halstead will only use your PII for the purpose for which it was collected. In the event that Halstead needs to use your PII for an unrelated new purpose, Halstead will provide you with notice of this new use and will explain the lawful ground for such processing or ask for your consent. Halstead may process your PII without your knowledge or consent where required or permitted by law.
Halstead does not use your PII to automatically make any decisions related to creditworthiness.
B. Collection of Personal Information from Third Parties
Halstead may collect data about you through cookies and other technologies. This helps Halstead understand how you use the Website and to understand any patterns that may be associated with your use of the Website. This aids Halstead in developing or improving its Website in response to your needs or wants.
Halstead may use session or persistent cookies. Session cookies are only stored on your computer or mobile device during your use of the Website and are automatically deleted when you close your web browser. Persistent cookies are stored as a file on your computer or mobile device that remain on your computer or mobile device even after you close your web browser. Persistent cookies can be read by the Website that created the cookie when you revisit it again. Halstead may use persistent cookies when it utilizes Google Analytics or other analytics providers, which is intended to track the origin and behavior of traffic to the Website.
Halstead may also receive data from third parties including analytics providers or third-party advertising networks such as those owned by Google, Facebook, Amazon, or Apple.
C. Marketing Communications
As stated above, Halstead’s lawful ground for sending you marketing communications is either your consent or its legitimate business interests, such as to grow its business. Halstead may send you marketing communications if you have asked for information concerning its goods or if you have agreed to, and have not opted out from, receiving marketing communications. You may ask Halstead to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by logging into the Website, navigating to the Account Dashboard, and adjusting your marketing preferences or by following the opt-out link in any marketing message sent to you. If you opt out of receiving marketing communications, your opt-out does not extend to PII collected based on other legal grounds.
D. Disclosure of Personal Information
Halstead may share your PII with the following parties when required by law or as needed to execute services:
Third-party service providers that provide Halstead with information technology or other administrative services;
Halstead’s accountants, auditors, insurers, or attorneys; and
Government bodies that require Halstead to report its processing activities.
Halstead may also transfer PII to third parties when it sells, transfers, or merges any part of its business or assets.
Halstead requires all third parties that receive a transfer of PII from Halstead to maintain the same level of respect for the protection of PII as Halstead and Halstead only allows third parties to process your personal data for the specific purposes listed in this privacy policy.
E. Data Security
Halstead has put into place data security measures to protect your PII. Halstead allows access to your PII only by employees and service providers who have a need to know or access your PII on Halstead’s instructions. Halstead will notify you and any regulatory body of any breach of your PII or Halstead’s security measures if it is legally required to do so.
F. Retention of Data
Halstead will only retain your PII for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it is collected under this Privacy Policy or for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements, including to respond to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
G. Right of Access
Under the law, you may have a right to request access to your PII for correction, transfer, erasure, or restriction, or to object to its processing or withdraw your consent. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact Halstead as disclosed in this Privacy Policy.
You do not need to pay a fee to access your PII or to exercise your rights. However, Halstead may charge a reasonable fee if your request is unreasonable or excessive.
To confirm your request, Halstead may need to request specific information from you as a security measure to ensure that PII is not disclosed to an unauthorized third party. Halstead will attempt to respond to all legitimate requests within thirty days.
H. Third Party Links
Halstead’s Websites may include links to third party websites and applications. By clicking on third party links, you may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. Halstead does not control these third-party links and you are advised to review their respective privacy policies.
I. Responding to Do Not Track Signals
You can generally opt-out of receiving personalized ads from third party advertisers and ad networks who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt-out pages on the NAI Websites and DAA Websites. Our Website is not currently set up to respond to browser do-not-track signals, but you can configure your browser settings to reject all cookies or prompt you before a cookie is set.
J. California Consumer Privacy Act
California residents have the right to request, up to twice in a year and free of charge, that Halstead disclose to you the categories and specific pieces of personal information that Halstead has collected from you upon the receipt of a verifiable consumer request, which is a request that Halstead can reasonably verify. Upon receipt of a verifiable consumer request, Halstead may provide the requested information by mail or electronically. California residents may request the categories of personal information collected, the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information, the categories of third parties with whom Halstead shares personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information Halstead has collected.
California residents also have the right to request that Halstead delete any personal information which Halstead has collected from you. However, Halstead is not required to delete any personal information that is necessary for Halstead to maintain in order to complete a transaction or provide a requested good or service, detect, protect against, or prosecute security incidents, debug or repair errors, exercise free speech rights or to ensure the rights of others to exercise free speech rights, comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act, engage in public or peer-reviewed research, enable solely internal uses, comply with legal obligations, or use the personal information, internally, in a manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
Though Halstead does not sell your PII, California residents also have the right, at any time, to direct Halstead to opt out of the sale of your personal information.
Requests for personal information under this section may be made by calling Halstead at 1-800-528-0535 or by emailing service@halsteadbead.com.
K. Notification of Changes
Whenever Halstead changes its Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy and other places that we deem appropriate. Your use of the Halstead Website following these changes indicates your consent to the practices described in the revised Privacy Policy.
L. contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the manner by which we collect or use Personal Information about you, email us at service@halsteadbead.com.
Return to Top
By using this site, you agree to our updated
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
X