http://www.310loan.com/privacy
PRIVACY POLICY
310-LOAN recognizes the importance of respecting  customers’ rights to privacy and adheres to the following 10 key privacy principles as outlined in the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA):
1. Accountability - 310-LOAN is responsible for personal information under its control and has designated individuals to be accountable for the organization’s compliance.
2. Identifying Purpose - The purposes for which personal information is collected will be identified and communicated at or before the time the information is collected.
3. Consent - Knowledge and consent will be obtained for the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information, except where obtaining consent is inappropriate.
4. Limiting Collection - The collection of personal information is limited to that information which is related to the purposes identified by 310-LOAN.
Data
310-LOAN will automatically gather website usage information regarding visits to www.310LOAN.com. This data helps us to determine which parts of the site are most useful to our visitors and customers. We may track the number, frequency and lengths of visits. We protect your privacy by maintaining your anonymity. We do not personalize this information by tracking your individual activity at www.310LOAN.com. From time to time we may conduct surveys on our website. Participation is entirely voluntary. Should you choose to participate, your responses will be aggregated and anonymous.
Application Information
When you apply to open an account at 310-LOAN, you will be asked to provide us with your personal contact information, date of birth, social insurance number (optional), employment information and references. If your application passes our verifications stage you will be asked to provide your bank account information. This information is treated in the strictest confidence, is stored on limited access servers and is dealt with in accordance with this policy.
5. Limiting Use, Disclosure and Retention - Personal information will not be used or disclosed for purposes other than those for which it was collected, except with the consent of the customer or as required by law.
6. Accuracy - Reasonable efforts will be made to ensure that personal information is as accurate, complete, and up-to-date as is necessary for the purposes for which it is used. We will rely on our customers to provide us with current information in order to achieve this accuracy.
7. Safeguards - Personal information will be protected by reasonable security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the personal information.
Security
At 310-LOAN, security is taken seriously. We have implemented and maintain high security standards and procedures to safeguard against unauthorized access to your information. We employ appropriate measures to protect consumer information against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. These may include, among others, encryption, physical access security and other appropriate technologies. 310-LOAN continually reviews and enhances its security systems, as necessary.
8. Openness - Information is available to customers regarding 310-LOAN’s policies and procedures relating to the management of personal information.
9. Individual Access - Upon request, and within a reasonable period of time, a customer will be informed of the existence, use, and disclosure of his or her personal information and will be given access to that information.
10. Challenging Compliance - A customer is entitled to comment on the accuracy and completeness of his or her personal information, and have that information amended where appropriate. A customer can address a challenge concerning compliance with the above principles to 310-LOAN’s designated Privacy Officer.
Privacy Officer: privacy@310LOAN.com
Links to Other Websites
310-LOAN may create links to third party websites. 310-LOAN is not responsible for the content or privacy practices employed by websites that are linked from our website. For this reason, if you link to another website from 310-LOAN, please consult that website's privacy policy.