https://www.vlassenroot.be/cookie-policy/
VLASSENROOT|PROCESSING STEEL    CUTTING BENDING WELDING MACHINING ASSEMBLING PAINTING|APPLICATIONS & COMPONENTS    LIFTING RAILWAY ENERGY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION OTHER APPLICATIONS
VLASSENROOT NV
Cookie policy
1. General
This is the cookie policy of VLASSENROOT NV, and registered in the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises under number 0401.927.616. The purpose of this cookie policy is to provide you with information on the use of cookies on the website of Vlassenroot (www.vlassenroot.be)
Vlassenroot exploits the Website and acts as the controller of your personal data when you visit the Website. Vlassenroot will hereby respect the Privacy Legislation and its privacy policy.
Vlassenroot can modify this cookie policy at any time. Please consult it therefore regularly.
2. What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are stored on the hard drive of the device you use to visit a website. Cookies are generally used to enable websites to operate, to make site navigation easier and more user-friendly and to make sure the systems are functioning properly. For instance, cookies can make it possible for a website to recognize your browser in order to speed up and customize the use of the website as you revisit that site. Without cookies you would need to login on every page again and again as the current web protocol is stateless. They can also remember your personal settings and preferences (e.g. home pages, dashboards…). For instance, if you revisit a website, you will not have to reselect language. Some cookies can be placed by a third party, for example Google Analytics, to help analyze the use of the Website (third party cookies). Cookies contain a random session identification number that we use to recognize you when you open a new web page.
Even if the Website is only visited, information on the use of the Website will be collected by means of cookies.
There are different types of cookies which can be distinguished according to their origin, function and duration. The cookies used by Vlassenroot are described under “What kind of cookies do we use?” below.
More information about the different types of cookies can be found at https://www.gegevensbeschermingsautoriteit.be/faq-themas/cookies and www.allaboutcookies.org.
3. Why do we use cookies?
Vlassenroot uses cookies to:
• Authenticate and to recognize visitors;
• Improve the use and functionality of the Website;
• Analyze how the visitors of the Website use the Website (e.g. how many times a page is visited…); and/or
The information collected via cookies is not used by Vlassenroot to identify individual visitors of the Website.
4. What kind of cookies do we use?
Vlassenroot uses only the following cookies on the Website: authentication cookies that recognize the visitors, performance cookies, that collect data on the performance of the Website, such as the number of visitors, the time spent by visitors on the web page and error messages and make the Website more user-friendly. For instance, cookies can make it possible for a website to recognize your browser in order to speed up and customize the use of the website as you revisit that site. These performance cookies are session cookies (this means that these are automatically deleted when shutting down your browser) or persistent cookies (these files stay in one of your browser’s subfolders until you delete them manually or your browser deletes them based on the duration period contained within the persistent cookie’s file)
Below follows an overview of the specific cookies Vlassenroot uses on the Website, with its purpose and legal ground.
Name cookie
Purpose cookie
Type of cookie
First party cookie/ third party
Storage period cookie
This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in the Website and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports.
Session
first
Session
5. How can you manage cookies?
Most browsers automatically accept cookies. You can set your browser to notify you before a cookie is set or to reject cookies. More information on how your browser can be set can be found via the ‘Help’ button on your browser.
If you use multiple devises to access the Website, you should make sure that your cookie preference is set on each device’s browser. The cookies can also easily been deleted at any time via the browser settings. You can refuse our cookies.
More information on managing cookies can be found at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies.
Depending on your browser, you can change your cookie preferences via one of the links below:
Internet Explorer: http://Windows.Microsoft.com/nl-nl/Windows7/Block-Enable-or-Allow-cookies;
Google Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=en-GB;
Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences;
Safari: http://support.Apple.com/KB/PH5042.
If you have any further questions about the Website or about this cookie policy, please contact Vlassenroot at info@Vlassenroot.be
This website uses cookies, which enable us to analyse site visits and improve user experience.
Read More
YES, I ACCEPT COOKIES CONTINUE WITHOUT COOKIES Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Always Enabled