https://www.accumepartners.com/terms-conditions/
Home
Services
Risk & Regulatory Advisory
Internal Audit
Regulatory Compliance
Enterprise Risk Management
Advisory
Technology Risk, IT Audit & Cybersecurity
IT Internal Audit
Cybersecurity & Privacy
Technology Risk
Industries
Banking, Capital Markets, & Fintech
Asset Management, Hedge Funds, & Private Equity
Insurance
Non-Financial Services
Foreign Banks
Insights
Newsletters
AccumeView: Executive Cybersecurity Pulse
Compliance Monthly Newsletter
White Papers
Collateral
Case Studies
Events
Webinars
About Us
Meet Our Executive Leadership Team
Values and Principles
Our Mission
Our Locations
Announcements
Careers
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Please read these terms and conditions and disclaimer (the “Terms”) carefully before using this web site. By using this web site, you indicate that you accept these Terms. If you do not accept these Terms, do not use or access this web site. Accume Partners reserves the right to periodically update these Terms from time to time in its sole discretion. By using this web site after any changes to these Terms, you agree to be bound by such changes.
Copyright Information. Accume Partners either owns the intellectual property rights to all pages and underlying code and content (the “materials”) within this web site, or has obtained permission from the owners to use such materials on this web site. The materials on this web site are protected by U.S. and International Copyright laws and treaties. Except as provided by these Terms, no portion of the materials on this web site may be reproduced, reprinted or distributed in any manner, without the express written permission of Accume Partners. The trademarks, logos or service marks (the “marks”) displayed on this web site are the registered and unregistered marks of Accume Partners and others, and you are not permitted to use such marks without the express written permission of Accume Partners, or the owner of the mark.
No Business Advice. By providing the information on this web site, Accume Partners is not engaged in rendering auditing, accounting or other professional advice and services. Accordingly, such information should not be used as a substitute for consultation with professional advisers.
Permissible Reproduction and Distribution. You are hereby authorized to download and print pages from this web site provided that the information (i) is not altered, (ii) is used for your personal educational and non-commercial use, or for your organization’s legitimate internal business use, and (iii) will not be redistributed or copied to any other web sites or media. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Privacy. Please see our privacy policy.
Linked Web Sites. As a convenience to you, this web site contains hypertext links to other web sites (the “linked sites”) created and controlled by third parties. Accume Partners neither endorses nor warrants these linked sites, and is not responsible for any difficulties you may encounter visiting such linked sites including, but not limited to, any viruses or malicious code that may be downloaded from such linked sites. In addition, these linked sites have their own privacy policies which you should review.
Disclaimers and limitation of liability. This web site, including all materials contained within, is provided “as is” with no representations or warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title or non-infringement, or any warranties regarding accuracy, currency of material, or freedom from viruses or malicious code.  In no event will Accume Partners, its agents or employees be liable to you or anyone else for damages (including, but not limited to, incidental, consequential, punitive, special or similar damages) arising out of the use, inability to use, or the materials contained on this site, even if Accume Partners is advised of the possibility of such damages. Use of this web site is at your sole risk. You should exercise reasonable precautions to scan for viruses and other malicious code, and to ensure compatibility with your computer systems and software.
Compliance with Laws and User Conduct. Users of this web site agree to comply by all applicable federal, state and local laws, including, but not limited to, those pertaining to libel, slander, defamation, trade libel, product disparagement, harassment, invasion of privacy and copyright infringement.
Applicable Law. This web site is controlled and operated from Accume Partners’ offices in New York, NY. By accessing this site, you agree to be bound by Terms of this web site which are to be governed and construed by the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect of any conflict of laws principles. All activity occurring in the connection with this web site is presumed to occur in the State of New York.
If you have any questions regarding these terms and conditions, please contact us at info@accumepartners.com.
LET’S GRAB COFFEE
info@accumepartners.com
1-888-696-1515
contact us