https://www.anchoraudio.com/privacy-policy.html
PRODUCTS
Sound Systems
Bigfoot 2
Beacon 2
Liberty 2
Go Getter 2
Acclaim 2
Compare Products
PA Systems
MegaVox 2
MiniVox/AN-MINI
Compare Products
Speaker Monitors
AN-1000X+
AN-30
MiniVox/AN-MINI
Compare Products
Lecterns
Acclaim 2
Compare Products
Intercoms
ProLink - Wireless
PortaCom - Wired
Compare Products
Conference Systems
Assistive Listening
External Wireless Mic System
Accessories
Parts
RESOURCES
Blog
Case Studies
Customer Stories
Buying Guides
Product Catalog
Product Information
Owner's Manuals
Technical Specification Brochures
Product Videos
Bluetooth
Battery Replacement Videos
Parts
SUPPORT
Parts
Technical Support
Owner's Manuals
Incentive Auction Resource Center
FAQ
WHY ANCHOR AUDIO?
Why Choose Anchor Audio?
About Us
Blog
Press
Contact Us
Career Opportunities
DEALERS
Dealer Application
Dealer Login
Find a Dealer
Where to Demo
BUY NOW
Search
Anchor Audio Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies solely to This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for (www.AnchorAudio.com). information collected by this web site. We know it is boring, but if you want to read it, we want you to also. So here it is, and it will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone ever. You are our customers and we want to keep it that way!We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will never share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy - but most likely just about a special!
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site. We love cookies (especially peanut butter cookies)! A cookie (in terms of the computer world) is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify where we can improve. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site. That means who you are stays a mystery to use, but if you liked our site, or if you browse our stuff on a tablet instead of a desktop, Google tells us, and we can make sure to optimize our site for all the next visitors, one of which we hope will be you!
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. We really don’t ever accept credit card data over our website, but just incase. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 1-800-262-4671 or via email at marketing@anchoraudio.com.
We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more
I agree