http://www.wago.com/global/legal-information/privacy-policy
Homepage
Company
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Statement
Privacy Policy
for the processing of our data in the context of our online systems and for establishing contact by means of contact forms and email newslettersVersion: November 17, 2020
I. Basic information on data processing
Thank you for your interest in our company. The protection of your personal data is of paramount concern for us. We therefore want to inform you comprehensively about the information we collect on our websites, the purpose for which we use it, who we might make it available to and what rights you have (Art. 12 and 13 of the General Data Protection Regulation – GDPR).Our personal privacy measures are guided by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR, Regulation (EU) 2016/679), effective May 25, 2018, and the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG). Should personal data be processed in a particular instance, we want to express which standard is used to justify the data processing through a simple parenthetical citation of a regulation.WAGO Kontakttechnik GmbH (under Swiss law) & Co. KG Hansastr. 27
D-32423 Minden
Phone: +49 (0) 571/887-0
Fax: +49 (0) 571/887-169
Email: info@wago.comWe take the company’s internal privacy policy very seriously. We contractually obligate our employees and the processors (service companies) we engage to maintain confidentiality and to observe the IT/security rules and the applicable data protection provisions.
2. Security
We as well as our contractual partners protect your personal data against unauthorized access, loss, use or dissemination and ensure that your personal information is in a legally required, controlled, secure environment which prevents unauthorized accesses, loss or dissemination.Where data is processed on our behalf, we work only with order processors who offer a sufficient guarantee that suitable technical and organizational measures to ensure their data processing complies with Art. 28 GDPR have been enacted and your legal rights are fully protected.If we contract with one or more partners to determine the purpose and means of the processing, we undertake joint responsibility in accordance with Art. 26 GDPR. To this end, we specify jointly in an agreement which contractual partner undertakes which responsibility pursuant to the GDPR.Technical and organizational measures have been undertaken in our company to ensure that our company observes the legal requirements of the BDSG and the GDPR and to protect your data against damage, destruction, distortion, manipulation and unauthorized access.To avoid unnecessary amounts of data, we process and use your personal data only to the extent this is required within the scope of our range of services.
3. Your Rights to Information, Correction, Blocking, Deletion, Completion, Restriction and Data Portability (rights of affected persons)
You can, without charge and without giving reasons, obtain access to information about whether your personal data is processed. Pursuant to Art. 15 GDPR and § 34 BDSG, you have right of access to this personal data and to have further information on the processing of your data stored with us.As part of your legal rights under Art.16 and 17 GDPR and § 35 BDSG, you can have your data which is stored with us locked, rectified or erased. Your personal data is erased if no legal retention requirements stand in the way and you request erasure in writing or text form. Furthermore, you have the right to have incomplete data completed and to demand the restriction of processing in the statutorily regulated cases of Art. 18 GDPR if the personal data is incorrect.You also have a right to data portability pursuant to Art. 20 GDPR if we have mentioned Art. 6 (1)(a) or (b) or Art. 9 (2)(a) GDPR in this policy as a basis of the data processing. When exercising the right to data portability, you have the right to demand that the personal data be transmitted directly from the controller of the data file to another controller of the data file if this is technically feasible. Pursuant to Art. 7 (3) GDPR, you also have the right to withdraw, at any time, the consent you once gave us. If you invoke this right, we may no longer process the data based on such consent, with future effect.
II. Purpose, legal basis and data categories
Generally, it is not required that you provide personally identifiable information to visit our website. Technically, however, the IP address transmitted from your system is necessary to transfer the data from our website to you. Beyond the freely accessible area of our website – to process your registration, for example – we need your personal data, as appropriate, in order to be able to personally respond to you.We need a legal basis to process your data art. 6 GDPR presents a non-exclusive list of legal bases. Per art. 6 GDPR, processing is permitted when:You have consented to the processing of your personal data for one or more specific purposes (Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR);The processing is required to perform a contract in which the contracting party is the data subject. This also applies to pre-contractual measures undertaken at the request of the data subject (Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR);The data processing is required to fulfill a legal obligation we are subject to (Art. 6 (1)(c) GDPR); The processing is required to protect the vital interests of the data subject or another natural person. This may include the rare event when a data subject is severely injured and the subject's personal data is shared with a physician as a result (Art. 6 (1)(d) GDPR).The processing is required to maintain the legitimate interests of the controller or a third party, except where the interests, fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data are overriding (Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR). Processing procedures not covered by any of the above legal bases are premised on this legal basis if the processing is required to protect a legitimate interest of our company or a third party, except where the interests, fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject are overriding. We are allowed such processing procedures expressly because they were specially mentioned by the European legislature. This legislation advocated the view that a legitimate interest may be assumed when the data subject is a client of the controller (Recital 47 sentence 2 GDPR).
III. Collection, storage of usage data during a visit to our website without registration, use of cookies
When you visit our website, we receive your complete IP address from your computer. Only with this IP address are we able to transmit the data of our website to you so that the website displays for you (Art. 6 (1)(b) and (f) GDPR). Beyond processing for transmission of the retrieved data, the full IP address is stored for only two (2) days in order to be in a position to initiate defensive measures against attacks on our IT, such as a block of IP addresses as well as possible criminal prosecution (Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR).We save the date and time of the page view and the page from which you have retrieved our website. We do not save other personal data, unless you log in.If the programming of our website prompts your browser to load data from servers operated by third parties, we are not, as such, involved in these data transmissions. Our third-party providers have requested that we inform you of the following:
1. Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland; “Google“). Google Analytics employs the cookies described in our Cookie Policy that facilitate an analysis of your use of our website and online services. The information generated on your use of these website and online offerings—including information on device events, such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser version, browser language, installed add-ins, screen resolution, device type, date and time of your query and referring URL—are transmitted on our behalf to a server of Google in the United States and stored indefinitely. We use Google Analytics only with the activated IP anonymization extension “_anonymizeIp()”. This means that IP addresses transmitted to Google are truncated and processed in advance by Google on servers residing in the EU in order to exclude a direct reference to an individual through the IP address in the US. Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address transmitted to a server of Google in the US and then truncated there.We use this information to analyze visits to our website in order to compile reports about the website activities for us so that we better understand how our site is used and where we can improve it (Art. 6 (1)(b) and (f) GDPR). Pseudonymous usage profiles can thereby be created from the processed data. Google will also transfer this information in some cases, when legally mandated or to the extent that third parties process this data on behalf of Google. Google will not associate your IP address with other Google data under any circumstances.You can find additional information about data usage for promotional purposes by Google, settings and options to object on the websites of Google:https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/partners/ ("Data usage by Google during your use of websites or apps of our partners"), http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads ("Data usage for promotional purposes"), http://www.google.de/settings/ads ("Manage information Google uses to display your advertisement") and http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/ (“Make the ads you see more useful to you”).You have a right to object and you can prevent the installation and storage of the cookie for Google Analytics through a corresponding setting in your browser. You can find details for this under “Help” on your browser. In addition, you can prevent collection, for Google, of the data that is generated by the cookie and related to your use of the online offering as well as the processing of such data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in of Google available at the following link http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de.An opt-out cookie is set to prevent the collection of your data when visiting our website in the future. With this browser plug-in, the collection and storage of data for Google Analytics can also be objected to at any time with future effect.
2. Google Optimize
We also use Google Optimize. Google Optimize is a Google service (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland; "Google"). We use the Google Optimize service to enhance the attractiveness, content and functionality of our website by statistically evaluating a percentage of our users and their changes in use in response to new functions and content we introduce. Google Optimize is a sub-service of Google Analytics (see "Google Analytics" section). In addition, you can prevent collection of the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website—your IP address in particular—as well as the processing of such data by Google by downloading and installing the Google browser plug-in available at the following link: www.tools.google.com
3. Google Conversion Tracking
As an AdWords customer, we also use "Google Conversion Tracking," an analysis service offered by Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland; "Google"). Google AdWords uses it to set a cookie (“conversion cookie“) on your computer if you have reached our website through a Google ad. These cookies lose their validity after thirty days and are not used for personal identification. If you visit certain of our sites and the cookie is still valid, we and Google can recognize that someone has clicked on the display and has then been directed to our website. Each AdWords customer receives a different cookie. Cookies therefore cannot be used to identify you or your path on the Internet on different websites. The information obtained using the conversion cookie serves to create conversion statistics for AdWords customers who have decided to use conversion tracking. We consequently receive usage statistics about those users who reach our website through a Google ad and can thereby track how successful each of our promotional ads is and how suitable for you they have been for your search topic (Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR).As an AdWords customer, we learn the total number of users who have clicked on our display and been transferred to a site furnished with a conversion tracking tag. However, we do not obtain any information that would permit users to be personally identified. If you do not wish to participate in the tracking process, you can refuse the setting of a required cookie for this—for example, through a browser setting that generally deactivates the automatic setting of cookies. You have a right to object and can, for this purpose, prevent the installation of cookies for Google AdWords (at the domain “googleadservices.com”) through a setting in your browser so that cookies are blocked by the domain “googleadservices.com.” You can find details for this under “Help” on your browser. You can find the corresponding cookie names in our Cookie Guideline.You can find the Google Privacy Policy here (http://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/).
4. Google Remarketing
We use the remarketing technologies of Google (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland; “Google“). Through this technology, users who have already visited our websites and online services and been interested in the offering are appealed to again through targeted advertising on the pages of the Google Partner network. The advertisements are displayed through the use of cookies that contain a number. Cookies are small text files that are stored on the user's computer. Through this number, the visits to our website and anonymized data on the use of the website are captured. This data is amalgamated by Google across services and devices. Ads can be displayed to you based on the information derived from the use of the devices. By its own account, Google collects and saves no personal data of visitors to our website in this process. If you later visit a different website in the Google Display Network, advertisements that have a high probability of accounting for previously requested product and information areas will be displayed to you. By means of text files, user behavior while visiting the website can be analyzed and then used for targeted product recommendations for WAGO products and interest-based advertising for WAGO products (display of ads relevant to previously visited WAGO websites) (Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR).If you do not wish to receive any interest-based advertising (objection), you can categorically deactivate the use of cookies through Google for these purposes by visiting the page https://www.google.de/settings/ads and entering corresponding settings. Alternatively, users can deactivate the use of cookies from third-party suppliers by visiting the deactivation page of the Network Advertising Initiative: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. You can also prevent cookies for Google Remarketing through a setting in your browser. You can find details for this under “Help” on your browser. You can find the corresponding cookie names in our Cookie Guideline.You can view the Google Privacy Policy at http://www.google.com/privacy/ads/.
5. Google Tag Manager
This website uses Google Tag Manager. Google Tag Manager is a solution offered by Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Inland; "Google"), which marketers can use to manage website tags through an interface. The “Tag Manager” tool itself (which implements the tags) is a cookie-free domain and collects no personal data. The tool only provides for the forwarding of data and triggering of other tags that, in some circumstances, can themselves collect data. Google Tag Manager does not access this data. If there has been a deactivation at the domain or cookie level, this remains in force for all tracking tags that are implemented with Google Tag Manager.
6. Google Maps
We use maps from Google Maps on our website to simplify orientation for you. Google Maps is a service of Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland; “Google“). When viewing the contact pages, your web browser is instructed to load the functions and map data needed for this directly from the server of Google. These servers may be located in the USA or other countries. We have no control over this and do not receive any information from Google as to whether you have exchanged corresponding map information when visiting our website. We are not aware whether Google only delivers the technically necessary information to you or stores and analyzes further data about you or your system, such as IP addresses, information about your browser or the like. The Google Privacy Policy (https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/index.html) also applies to Google Maps. We expressly point out that Google processes the following data categories: device-related information, IP addresses, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, date and time of your request and referral URL, cookies (you can block cookies in your browser settings, see also above) and location-related information. Google can link the data with other data from you and uses the data collected in the course of the services for provisioning, maintenance, protection and improvement of the Google services, for the development of new services as well as to protect Google and the users of Google services. Google also uses this data to offer you customized content—for example, to provide you with more relevant search results and advertisements. With the help of data collected through cookies and other technologies, such as pixel tags, Google improves your user experience and the overall quality of the Google services. For example, Google facilitates the saving of your preferred language settings in order to display services in the languages you prefer. Before Google uses information for purposes other than those stated in the Google Privacy Policy, Google will request your consent. With your consent, Google will also transfer your data to third parties for processing procedures and for legal reasons. You can also change data-related settings at Google when you log in there. In addition, Google abides by various self-regulation obligations, including that of the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework, and processes complaints.
7. Using of Facebook Pixels
Our website uses the remarketing function “Facebook Pixels” of Facebook Ireland Limited (4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland; “Facebook”), which has the data processed by Facebook Inc. (1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA). This active program function (JavaScript) is used to understand the actions of website visitors, measure the effectiveness of the advertisement and to present interest-related advertisements (“Facebook Ads”) within the context of a visit to the Facebook social network as well as other websites. When our website is visited, a direct connection to the Facebook servers is established via this Java script. In the process, that you have visited this website is conveyed to the Facebook server and Facebook assigns this information to your personal Facebook user account and other profiles. This assignment attempts to function across devices, so that user behavior between different devices is also evaluated. The basis for this use is Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR. Data is also saved and processed by Facebook, with the result that a connection with the respective user profile is possible and Facebook can use the data for its own advertising purposes in accordance with the Facebook Data Policy. We assume that the information remains saved until you delete your Facebook account.You will find more detailed information about the collection and use of the data by Facebook and about your rights and options for protecting your privacy in this regard in the Facebook Data Policy at:https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/. You can manage privacy settings in your Facebook account. To do so, you must be logged in to Facebook.Please click this link to prevent future data collection by Facebook within our website (the opt-out only functions in this browser and only for this domain) and to thereby exercise your right to object to this. This will set an opt-out cookie on your device. If you delete your cookies in this browser, you must click this link again.
8. LinkedIn Analytics and LinkedIn Ads
Our website uses the marketing function “LinkedIn Insight Tag” of LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland; “LinkedIn“). Each time one of our pages containing functions from LinkedIn is viewed, a connection with the LinkedIn servers is established. This informs LinkedIn that you have visited our websites with your IP address. The active program function (JavaScript) serves to understand the actions of visitors to our website in anonymized form, to gauge the effectiveness of advertising and to present interest-related ads (“LinkedIn Ads“) in the course of the visit to the LinkedIn social network and other websites. The LinkedIn Insight tag is integrated into our website for this purpose, which establishes a connection with the LinkedIn server if you visit our website while simultaneously logged into your LinkedIn account. This assignment attempts to function across devices, so that user behavior between different devices is also evaluated. The basis for this use is Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR. You can find additional information on data collection and use, as well as your options and rights for the protection of your privacy in the LinkedIn privacy policy at https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy. If you are logged in at LinkedIn, you can deactivate data collection at any time at the following link: https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/enhanced-advertising.Please click this link to prevent future data collection by LinkedIn within our website (the opt-out only functions in this browser and only for this domain) and to thereby exercise your right to object to this. This will set an opt-out cookie on your device. If you delete your cookies in this browser, you must click this link again.
9. Crazy Egg
WAGO uses the web analysis service of Crazy Egg, Inc. (16220 E. Ridgeview Lane, La Mirada, CA 90638, USA; "Crazy Egg"). To render the Crazy Egg service, Crazy Egg can gather information (previously accessed websites, country, device type, operating system, browser, browser window size, date, click times, click points and scroll depth, new and recurring) through the use of cookies for analysis and observation. This information is transmitted via direct communication between your browser and the servers of Crazy Egg with the use of your IP address. The data is used to analyze user behavior on our website in groups, never individually, in order to be able to derive optimization potentials therefrom. The data is evaluated manually at irregular intervals, at most one (1) year in the past. Users are randomly selected and not personally identified. According to a statement from Crazy Egg, none of your personal data is collected, processed or used through the operation of Crazy Egg and the use of cookies. Merely usage profiles are created through the use of pseudonyms. The data collected under a pseudonym is not amalgamated with real data from you. The data is collected in order to visually depict the frequency of pages visited and the clicks and may include the following: browser information, end device used, IP address, duration of the visit, location. The results are processed into reports, which we use for website optimization.Please click this link to prevent future data collection by Crazy Egg within this website (the opt-out only functions in this browser and only for this domain) and to exercise your right to object. This will set an opt-out cookie on your device. If you delete your cookies in this browser, you must click this link again.You can find the Crazy Egg Privacy Policy at https://www.crazyegg.com/privacy.
10. Microsoft Bing Ads
Our website uses the conversion tracking of Microsoft (Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, USA). For this, Microsoft Bing Ads sets a cookie on your computer if you have reached our website through a Microsoft Bing ad. Microsoft Bing and we can recognize in this manner that someone has clicked on an ad, was redirected to our website and has reached a previously designated target page (conversion page). With this, we learn only the total number of users who have clicked on a Bing ad and were then redirected to the conversion page. No personal information on the identity of the user is communicated. If you do not wish to participate in the tracking process, you can also refuse the setting of a required cookie for this—for example, through a browser setting that generally deactivates the automatic setting of cookies. You can find further information on data privacy and the cookies used at Microsoft Bing on the website of Microsoft (https://privacy.microsoft.com/de-de/privacystatement).Please click this link to prevent future data collection by Microsoft Bing Ads within this website (the opt-out only functions in this browser and only for this domain) and to exercise your right to object to this. This will set an opt-out cookie on your device. If you delete your cookies in this browser, you must click this link again.
11. AppDynamics
By means of the services of AppDynamics Inc. (“AppDynamics“), a Delaware corporation with registered office at 303 Second Street, North Tower, 8th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA, data is collected and further processed in anonymized form for analysis and for the continuous improvement of our website. This happens through the use of cookies. Analysis of the collected and transmitted data enables AppDynamics to detect and present performance-related weaknesses of our website. The presentation expressly relates to analysis of internal system problems so that they can be recognized and remedied early and the stability of our website can be guaranteed.We configure AppDynamics in such a way that, in general, no personal data (no anonymized IP addresses as well) is collected and stored. For the review of performance-related vulnerabilities, WAGO only uses data which includes no personal data.
12. Netigate
For online surveys, we employ the services of Netigate Deutschland GmbH (Untermainkai 27-28, 60329 Frankfurt am Main, Germany; "Netigate"). We have carefully chosen and engaged this supplier pursuant to Art. 28 GDPR.Any participation in this survey is on a solely voluntary basis. Netigate processes and saves information provided by users solely for purposes of evaluating the survey on our behalf, provided that any requested personal data—such as name, email address, etc.—is anonymized, particularly without the IP addresses of users.Thus, in the case of anonymous surveys, no information which permits conclusions about survey participants is saved. Only the date and time of your participation are saved.Any personal information you divulge during the survey is understood as voluntary and is saved in accord with local law. Unless explicitly set forth in the survey description or you have granted your express consent, no personal data is transferred to third parties. If the survey also elicits personal information in excess of its purpose (e.g., name, address, company, etc.), we will indicate in the course of the survey that the additional information we collect and use is voluntarily given.In the case of surveys in which personal data is requested as essential elements of the survey, especially as with customer satisfaction and individualized surveys and questionnaires, the information listed therein is transmitted to us and stored because of our legitimate interests in speed as well as optimization of our online offering and customer service (Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR). If you are already our customer or will be in the future, we may collect, save, modify and transmit the data for the establishment, execution or termination of the contractual relationship without the need for your consent and for as long as the law permits us to do so (Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR).In other cases—even while the contractual relationship has not yet come into being—we store your data no longer than two (2) years, or longer if the law requires this of us. You have a right to object, with future effect, regarding data transmitted to us through the questionnaire. You exercise your right to withdraw through a communication to us.Further information on data protection is available here: https://www.netigate.net/de/impressum/#legal.
13. Live chat (Userlike)
We make live chat ("Userlike") available on our website. Userlike is live chat software of Userlike UG (limited), (Probsteigasse 44-46, 50670 Cologne, Germany). We have carefully chosen and engaged this supplier pursuant to Art. 28 GDPR. For this, we have entered into an additional processing agreement which specifies the object and duration of the processing, the type and purpose of the processing, the type of personal data, the categories of data subjects and the duties and rights of the controller (pursuant to Art. 26 (3) GDPR).Your data is processed based on your consent (Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR). For participating in the live chat, you can optionally give the following information about yourself: first name, last name and email address. Details on the device you use (web browser, IP address) are also collected in the course of the live chat. In addition, WAGO stores the date and time of the chat conversations as well as the content of the chat discussions themselves ("chat transcript"). If the name or email address indicated are associated with a WAGO customer number, this can be traced by the particular WAGO customer service representative during the live chat.This information is required for the live chat function to work properly and so that the quality of the live chat function can be monitored, your queries answered and statistics compiled. To facilitate a personal conversation with us in the form of a real time chat, Userlike uses cookies which are stored on your computer. You can find further information on the function of cookies in our Cookie Guideline. Viewing our website loads the chat widget in the form of a JavaScript file from Amazon Web Services. The chat widget technically constitutes the source code that is executed on your computer and facilitates the chat.Depending on the course of the conversation with our employees, it may happen that you transmit further personal data in the chat. The type of this data hinges strongly on your query or the problem you describe to us.However, this data might, by way of example, involve essentially the following types:Audio and voice recordings;Documents, such as invoices or orders in which personal data was processed;orPhotographs.The processing of all this data serves to provide you a speedy and efficient contact option and thus to improve our customer service.In addition, you can access your chat conversations at a later time. In order to ensure that an authorized recipient is involved, it is required that you give your email address. A confirmation code is sent to this email address afterwards, which you absolutely need to retrieve your chat conversations.Should the live chat not be reachable, you can leave us a message. For this it is necessary that you supply the following information about yourself: names (incl. first and last names), address and your email address. Your data is processed based on your consent in this case as well (Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR).Please note that it is only possible to retrieve your chat conversations within six (6) months after the completed conversation, because all chat conversations are automatically deleted after this time. We save your chat conversation for six months in order to spare you extensive explanations on the history of your query in some circumstances, to engage in continual quality control of our live chat offering and in order to be able to guarantee the security of our information technology systems.If you do not wish your chat conversation to be saved, you are welcome to inform us of this at the contact addresses listed below. In that case we will promptly erase stored live chats.We are not aware that Userlike accesses further data than indicated above, but this also cannot be completely ruled out.Further information on the data protection of Userlike UG (limited liability) is available here: https://www.userlike.com/de/terms#privacy-policy.
trbo
We wish to develop our website optimally and, for this, collaborate with trbo GmbH (Leopoldstr. 41, 80802 Munich, Germany; "trbo"), whose tracking tools we use in order to manage and improve our online offerings. We implement these tools in order to quantify the use of our online offerings and the effectiveness of our online advertising. This helps us understand which pages are especially attractive to the users of our services, which products interest our customers most and which individual offerings we should provide for our respective website users.The data collected and used in this context is always stored only under a pseudonym (e.g. a random identification number) and is not conflated with your personal data (e.g. name, address, account number, etc.). If and when trbo obtains access to the data, this occurs exclusively on our behalf and under our supervision. For this, we have entered into a contract with trbo for processing personal data on our behalf (pursuant to Art. 28 (3) GDPR).Technically, we use the installed tracking tools, particularly so-called "cookies" and "web beacons," to collect the following information: which pages are visited, when, how often and in what order, which products are searched for, which links or offerings are clicked on and which orders are placed.If you desire that we not collect and use information on your usage of the website in this manner, you can object to it at the following link (so-called. "opt out"): TRBO OPTOUT COOKIE. For this purpose, a corresponding opt-out cookie, which contains no data suitable for tracking but which merely makes it possible to recognize your objection to the data collection, is set on your computer so that this is no longer performed.
IV. Cookies when Visiting our Website
Please visit our website with special information on the subject of cookies.
V. Collection, storage and utilization of usage data when visiting our website during registration and after log-in
1. Registration
No online orders can be completed without your registration with your company data, with the result that no contracts can be entered into through the online system. If you wish to initially forego the online ordering option, prices and the like, we also offer you a registration with just email address and password. In addition, you can contact our sales team through other means of communication.We will use the data you supply in the complete registration to verify your eligibility to purchase goods in accordance with our customer criteria. We will store the data and the time and result of the review in order to be able to permanently maintain the activation and perform any further review.
2. Log-in
At login, your login data is compared with that in our database of stored access data. We only save failed logins in your user account to enable us to block the account after five successive failed logins to prevent unauthorized access attempts and protect you and us against attempted fraud (Art. 6 (1)(a), (b) and (f) GDPR).When you place goods in the shopping cart or on the watch list, we understand this as a request to save this for you accordingly in our systems. We will store the noted goods and quantities in the account in order to fulfill your wish that they be stored and in order to be able to make the shopping cart or watch list available to you at the next login; in this way, we can offer you a simple option for ordering a variety of goods at the right time (Art. 6 (1)(b) and (f) GDPR). The shopping cart remains stored until the order is placed, but for no longer than two (2) years after the last change. The watch and comparison lists also remain stored for a maximum of two (2) years after the last change, but are only relatable to your browser until you delete cookies or switch the browser or device.If we display prices to you, we will use your data to identify individual prices, minimum order amounts and free delivery limits from our database that apply to you and make it possible for you to order on these terms (Art. 6 (1)(a) and (b) GDPR).Data needed for the delivery is queried as part of the ordering process (Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR). At first, this data is cached only briefly on our servers in order to make a multi-step sequence possible and then stored long-term only when you submit the order. In addition, we will also enter data into the database which you submit by fax or telephone and treat it like data from an online order. The data is stored for order and service processing, for displaying order tracking and a history in your account, for facilitating subsequent orders and for satisfying legal retention requirements (Art. 6 (1)(b) and (f) GDPR).To process the order (Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR), it may be necessary to share your personal data and data arising from the order with enterprises which we engage for contract processing. This may, for example, be a bank for payment processing or a logistics partner for shipment of the goods to you. Only necessary data is shared.
3. Credit check
In addition, we use your name and address data to conduct a credit check manually, depending on the project. The credit check is not performed based on an automated individual decision of the shop system, but primarily on WAGO's behalf through Verband der Vereine Creditreform e. V. (Hellersbergstraße 12, 41460 Neuss, Germany) and in rare cases additionally through Bisnode Deutschland GmbH (Robert-Bosch-Straße 11, 64293 Darmstadt, Germany). These credit agencies will use your data to check whether you are already listed in the database of the credit agencies and whether existing data—on earlier payment defaults or ongoing contracts, for example—is ascribable to you. In this way, we receive information about your previous payment history and credit information. We use the information from the credit agencies solely to protect us against potential payment defaults, wherein our overriding legitimate interest in terms of Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR exists. We will, in any event, deliver to you upon prepayment, submission of a bank guaranty or credit insurance unless other reasons preclude delivery. We save the data we have received from the credit agencies for the duration of the business relationship in order to reduce queries with credit agencies.We use data from the registration pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (b) and (f) GDPR. The credit agencies act based on Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR in conjunction with § 31 BDSG.
4. Contact forms
When the contact form is used, the information listed there is transmitted to us and stored because of our legitimate interests in speed as well as optimization of our online offering and customer service. We use the data exclusively for replying to your inquiry and, if the inquiry should relate to a contractual relationship or a contractual relationship arise therefrom, for initiating and handling the contractual relationship (Art. 6 (1)(a), (b) and (f) GDPR). If you are already our customer or will be in the future, we may collect, save, modify and transmit the data for the establishment, execution or termination of the contractual relationship without the need for your consent and for as long as the law permits us to do so.In other cases—including while the contractual relationship has not yet come into being—we store your data no longer than two (2) years, or longer if the law requires this of us. You have a right to object, with future effect, regarding data transmitted to us through the contact form. You exercise your right to withdraw through a communication to us.
5. Email newsletter and other direct advertising
If you have registered for our newsletter with your email address, we also use your email address beyond account management for our own advertising purposes, as defined in further detail during the newsletter registration, until you cancel the newsletter subscription (objection option; Art. 6 (1)(a) and (b) GDPR). Should no other advertising purposes be defined, our newsletter will only contain our company information about product highlights, new products, product updates and services as well as special offers and contests from WAGO, up-to-date WAGO corporate information and event dates. By subscribing to our newsletter, you agree to its receipt and the described processes.We use the software solution “Evalanche” of the German supplier SC Networks as a mailing service provider in email marketing. The newsletters contain a so-called “web beacon,” a pixel-sized file that is retrieved from the server of SC Networks/Evalanche when the newsletter is opened. Technical information—such as information on the browser and your system, the end device used and the mail client as well as your IP address and time of the retrieval—is initially collected as part of such call-up. This information is used for the technical improvement of the services with the aid of the technical data or the target groups and their reading behavior based on their retrieval locations (which are ascertainable with the help of the IP address) or the access times.The statistical inquiries also include the observation whether the newsletters are opened, when they are opened, which links are clicked and whether the delivery of the emails was successful. In addition, the reading duration is recorded, this only occurring on a target group basis. Although, for technical reasons, this information can be matched to the individual newsletter recipients, it is neither our endeavor nor that of SC Networks/Evalanche to monitor individual users. Instead the analyses help us discern the reading habits of our users and to customize our content to them or send varying content commensurate with the interests of our users.We use the so-called double opt-in process to document the newsletter consent and prevent misuse of your data. Through this process we ensure that the recipient would actually like to receive our newsletter. After the registration you receive an email in which you are asked for confirmation of your newsletter registration. We will not send our newsletter to you until after the reconfirmation.The registrations for the newsletter are logged in order to be able to substantiate the registration process in accordance with the legal requirements. This includes the storage of both the time of registration and confirmation as well as the IP address. Changes in your stored data are similarly logged.You can withdraw your consent to the receipt of our newsletter at any time. You can unsubscribe at the link in the newsletter or by sending a written notice to WAGO Kontakttechnik GmbH & Co. KG, Digital Department: Newsletter, Hansastraße 27, 32423 Minden, Germany. In case of a written notice, the cancellation is implemented with us within three (3) weeks of receipt.The consents to the sending of email addresses occur based on Art. 6 (1)(a), Art. 7 GDPR and § 7 (2) no. 3 or (3) of the German Fair Trade Practices Act (UWG). Statistical inquiries and analyses and logging of the registration procedure are conducted based on our legitimate interests under Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR. Our interest is directed towards the deployment of a user-friendly and secure newsletter system that serves our business interests, such as direct advertising, among other things, and meets user expectations.If we use your personal data for direct advertising, you may object to this at any time pursuant to Art. 21 GDPR by notifying us.
6. Job application service
We offer you a job application service in the form of a login area. You can register there and call up the application assistant, which will lead you through our application service. There you will have to give at least the following information about yourself: first name, last name, email address and user name. Other than that, you can supply all data about yourself that you feel is useful for the application.When you submit an application or when we initiate a potential employment relationship, if applicable, we use your personal data to check the suitability of the application as well as to make personal contact with you (Art. 6 (1)(a) and (b) GDPR). Should the advertised position be outside the European Union, we will forward your personal data, as needed, to the corresponding country outside the EU (Art. 49 (1)(b) GDPR, if no adequacy decision exists for the country pursuant to Art. 45 (3) GDPR or appropriate safeguards are in place pursuant to Art. 46 GDPR).In the event that your application cannot be considered at the moment, you have the option to manage your application data in the login area. We store and use your login data, as well as the data you have given, in order to provide you access, and management and application options (Art. 6 (1)(a) and (b) GDPR). In addition, when you submit new applications, we use the data from your earlier application for comparison (Art. 6 (1)(a) and (b) GDPR). We initiate the erasure process six (6) months after your last login. This begins with a notice to you about the imminent erasure, for which we use your email address (Art. 6 (1)(a) and (b) GDPR). You can withdraw your consent to the storage and processing of your application data at any time with future effect and, in addition, manage each individual application in the login area.If you do not wish to consent to our online application service, you are welcome to send us an application by email or on paper with the same prospects. We will review this application only once (Art. 6 (1)(a) and (b) GDPR).If we enter into an employment relationship with you, we will migrate your data from the application to the personnel file and store it for the duration of the employment relationship plus any additional statutory retention periods (Art. 6 (1)(a), (b) GDPR, § 26 (1) BDSG). Before execution of the employment contract, we will again inform you specifically of our use of data in the employment relationship.
7. Webinars
For webinars we use the services of the provider Cisco Systems Inc. (170 West Tasman Dr., San Jose, CA 95134, USA; "Cisco"). We have entered into contractual arrangements with Cisco which ensure the privacy of our webinar participants. In addition, Cisco has been certified with the EU-US Privacy Shield and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield. In provisioning the webinar and associated data processing, Cisco is the controller for the processing. You can find the privacy policy here: https://www.cisco.com/c/de_de/about/legal/privacy-full.html.Your data is processed based on your consent (Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR). To participate in the webinars, it is required that you give at least the following information about yourself: first name, last name and email address. The following information is additionally required: company name and headquarters (street, number, postal code and town).The webinars are regularly recorded in order to provide them on our website for later retrieval. In order to avoid recording the real name of the participants, questions posed by participants during the seminar are not recorded. However, the orally repeated questions and the associated responses are recorded and provisioned for later access. However, the questions are reproduced orally only in anonymous form, disallowing any identification of the participants.If you attend a webinar, you receive additional information on the event in a suitable manner with the registration for attendance and, where applicable, after the end of the webinar. This information might, for example, be an event reminder, the webinar recording or also customer satisfaction surveys on the webinar (Art. 6 (1)(b), (f) GDPR).If, along with registering for a webinar, you have also registered for our newsletter, we will also use your email address beyond account management. However, this only applies to our own advertising purposes, which are described in detail in the newsletter registration, until you cancel your newsletter subscription (objection option, Art. 6 1(a) and (b) GDPR). The provisions in article V, “Collection, storage and utilization of usage data when visiting our website with registration and after log-in” and section 5 there, “Email newsletter and other direct advertising” apply accordingly.
VI. Smart Designer project planning
We offer you free online project-planning software for the configuration of our products. You can register there to store your own projects and view finished projects again at a later time. There you will have to give at least the following information about yourself: last name, first name, email, company name, address (street address, number, postal code, town), country, password.The recorded data is used for self-initiated price inquiries and orders arising from the projects from the configurator and displayed with the created project documentation (Art. 6 (1)(b) and (f) GDPR).You can select “do not accept cookies” in your browser settings in order to prevent the use of cookies. In such case, it is not possible to use Smart Designer.If you have additionally registered for our newsletter in Smart Designer, we will also use your email address for account management as well as for any price queries, project planning and orders pertaining to projects created with the configurator that you initiate. However, this only applies to our own advertising purposes, which are described in detail in the newsletter registration, until you cancel your newsletter subscription (objection option, Art. 6 1(a) and (b) GDPR). The provisions in article V, “Collection, storage and utilization of usage data when visiting our website with registration and after log-in” and section 5 there, “Email newsletter and other direct advertising” apply accordingly.
VII. Information on the processing of personal data when using Office365 products
Who provides us the software and how can we contact the data privacy office at this provider?
Microsoft Corporation 1 Microsoft Way Redmond, Washington 98052, USA(also "Microsoft" herein)Data Protection at Microsoft Microsoft Corporation Chief Privacy Officer
1 Microsoft Way Redmond, Washington 98052, USAMicrosoft Ireland Operations Limited is the data privacy representative of Microsoft for the European Economic Area and Switzerland.The data protection officer at Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited can be reached at the following address:Microsoft Ireland Operations, Ltd. Data Protection One Microsoft Place South County Business Park Leopardstown Dublin 18, D18 P521, Ireland
For what purposes and on what legal grounds do we process your personal data?
We process your personal data for simple and common collaboration when using the Office365 range of products from Microsoft.The type and purpose of processing are therefore given within context of provision of professional services in accordance with WAGO's volume license contract and all service agreements concluded between WAGO and Microsoft.We process your personal data on the basis of Art. 6, Paragr. 1 lit f), GDPR. Our legitimate interests here within the corporate group lie in internal administration and in an appropriate relationship between the person involved and the responsible party. Should processing be legitimized on a different legal basis, we will inform you accordingly of this separately through an appropriate office.
What personal data of yours do we process?
Prior registration is required before the Office365 product range can be made available to you. At least the following data is required for this form of processing:Display name (can consist of your first and last name, for example)Email addressAfter you have registered, you also have the option to personally supply the following data within your profile:First and last namePosition in companyContact informationBusiness phone numbersBusiness address (street, number, postal code, town)Profile photoIn the course of the collaboration, we process personal data contained in emails, documents and other electronic data in the context of online services.Depending on the specific use of the Office365 range of products, this can include:Basic personal data (such as place of birth, street name and address, postal code, place of residence, country of residence, cell phone number, first name, last name, initials, email address, gender, date of birth), including basic personal data of family members and children;Authentication data (e.g., user name, password or PIN, security question, audit trail);Contact information (e.g., addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers, social media names, emergency contact information);Unique ID numbers and signatures (e.g., social security number, bank account number, passport and ID number, driver's license number, vehicle registration data, IP address, personnel number, student number, patient number, signature, unique identification for tracking of cookies or similar technologies);Pseudonymized identifiers;Financial and insurance data (e.g., insurance number, bank account name and number, credit card name and number, invoice number, income, type of insurance, payment history, credit rating);Business data (e.g., purchase history, special offers, subscription information, payment timeline);Biometric data (e.g., DNA, fingerprints and iris scans),Location data (e.g., mobile communications ID, geolocation data, location at beginning/end of call; location data obtained through use of WLAN access points);Photos, videos and audio;Internet activities (e.g., browser history, search history, reading, watching television, listening to radio);Device identification (e.g., IMEI number, SIM card number, MAC address);Profiling (e.g., based on observed criminal or anti-social behavior or pseudonymized profiles based on visited URLs, click streams, surfing protocols, IP addresses, domains, installed applications or profiles based on marketing preferences);Personnel and hiring data (e.g., indication of employment status, hiring information (such as CV, employment history, training/education history), function and position data, including hours worked, evaluations and salary, information on work permit, availability, employment conditions, tax details, payment details, insurance details and location and company);Training data (e.g., training history, current training, grades and results, highest qualification, learning disability);Nationality and residence information (e.g., citizenship, naturalization status, marital status, nationality, immigration status, passport data, information on place of residence or work permit);Information processed for performing a task executed in the public interest or in the exercise of public authority;Special categories of data (e.g., ethnic origin, political views, religious or philosophical beliefs, union membership, genetic data, biometric data for unequivocal identification of a natural person, data on health, sexual relationships or sexual orientation of a natural person, or data on criminal convictions or criminal offenses); orall other personal data cited in Article 4 GDPR.For all other protocol and telemetry data we refer to the privacy policy of the provider at https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
From whom do we receive your data?
We process only the data we have received from you personally, or data we receive as a function provider within our group of companies (see https://www.wago.com/global/wago-group/international).In some cases we may receive your personal data from a representative of your organization, from your employer or from another third party as part of an existing or future partnership or customer relationship.
Who receives your personal data (internal and external functions)?
Internal functions: Communication partners and holders of functional positions at WAGOExternal functions: Please note here that on collaboration platforms in particular, it may be possible for third parties (such as members of other organizations) besides us, you and your organization to also obtain access to your personal data transferred during communication (e.g., via TEAMS). It cannot be ruled out that your transmitted personal data will be used by such third parties or passed on to other third parties.We therefore refer you here to your own organization's internal data privacy rules and also to the rules of any third party involved in the collaboration.In a non-member state of the EU, we transfer your personal data solely in consideration of the following appropriate or adequate safeguards:EU-US Privacy Shield Framework Agreement (https://privacy.microsoft.com/entity-list-adhering-to-privacy-shield)Adequacy decision(https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/adequacy-protection-personal-data-non-eu-countries_en)In addition, we have entered into an agreement with Microsoft for processing in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR
Would there be any disadvantages for you if you do not provide us your data?
If you do not provide us your data, we may not be able to render our contractually owed services.
Is automatic decision-making/profiling performed?
WAGO does not conduct any automatic decision-making or profiling when processing your personal data within the entire Office365 range of products.
VIII. Data processing through social networks
We maintain publicly accessible profiles on social networks.Normally, social networks such as Facebook can analyze every aspect of your user behavior when you visit their websites or a website with integrated social media content (e.g., “like” buttons or advertising banners). Visiting our social media presences triggers numerous processing procedures relevant to data protection. In particular:If you are logged into your social media account and visit our social media presence, the operator of the social media portal can assign this visit to your user account. However, under some circumstances your personal data may also be collected if you are not logged in or do not have any account with the respective social media portal. In this case, your data is collected through cookies, for example, which were saved on your end device or through logging of your IP address.The social media portal operator can then use such collected data to create user profiles based on your preferences and interests. In this way advertisements reflecting your interests can be displayed to you both on the respective social media presence and off it. If you have an account at the particular social network, these advertisements tailored to your interests can be displayed on all devices to which you are or were logged in.Please also note, we can neither monitor nor control all processing procedures employed by social media portals. Depending on the provider, the operators of the social media portals can therefore perform further processing procedures. You will find relevant information in the terms of use and privacy policies of the specific social media portal.
Legal basis
Our appearances on social media are intended to provide us with the widest possible presence across the Internet. This constitutes a legitimate interest in terms of Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR. The analysis process initiated by the social networks may be founded on different legal bases, which must then be disclosed by the operators of the social networks (e.g., consent in terms of Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR).
Controller and assertion of rights
When you visit one of our social media sites (e.g., Facebook), we are jointly responsible with the operator of the social media platform for the data processing procedures triggered by your visit. You are fundamentally entitled to exercise your rights (access, rectification, erasure, restrictions to processing, data portability and lodging a complaint) against us and/or the operator of the respective social media portal (e.g., Facebook).Nonetheless, please note that despite our joint responsibility with the social media portal operators, we do not have complete control over the data processing procedures employed by the social media portal. The options open to us are primarily subject to the respective provider's company policy.
Duration of storage
The data we collect directly via the social media presence will be erased from our systems as soon as any purpose for its storage lapses, you ask us to erase it or you withdraw your consent to the storage. Stored cookies remain on your end device until you delete them. Mandatory statutory provisions—in particular, retention periods—remain unaffected.We have no control over the duration of storage of your data which the operators of the social network store for their own purposes. For details on this, please contact the operators of the social networks directly (e.g., in their privacy policy; see below).
Individual social networks
We do not use any automatically activated social plug-ins (e.g., iFrames) from social networks or platforms on our website. Our buttons on social networks or platforms, such as Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, LinkedIn, XING, etc., serve only to point you to the respective provider's website. If you click these links, you will be routed to the website of the respective social network or platform. The data privacy information published by the supplier there is applicable. The respective provider is responsible for ensuring operation that is compliant with data protection requirements. In addition, we also have online presences in some of these social networks or platforms in order to inform users engaged there about our products and services and to communicate with them. The underlying promotional purpose is to be regarded as a legitimate interest in terms of Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR. Although WAGO has no access to this profile data processed by the platforms, by using these platforms, however, under some circumstances WAGO assumes shared responsibility under data privacy law.For detailed information about the processing of your personal data and your options to object (opt-out), we refer you to the following information:FacebookWe maintain a profile on Facebook. The provider is Facebook Inc. (1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA). Facebook has been certified with the EU-US Privacy Shield and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield.We have entered into an agreement with Facebook on joint control over data processing (Controller Addendum). This agreement specifies which data processing procedures we and/or Facebook bear responsibility for when you visit our Facebook fan page. You can examine this agreement at the following link: https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendumYou can independently customize your advertising preferences in your user account. To do so, click on the following link and log on: https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=adsYou can find details in the Facebook Data Policy: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/Opt out at: https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads.TwitterWe maintain a profile on Twitter. The provider is Twitter International Company (One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ireland). Twitter has been certified with the EU-US Privacy Shield and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield.You can find the privacy policy at: https://twitter.com/de/privacy; opt out at: https://twitter.com/personalization.YouTubeWe maintain a profile on YouTube. The provider is YouTube LLC (901 Cherry Ave, San Bruno, CA 94066, USA) represented by Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland). YouTube has been certified with the EU-US Privacy Shield and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield.You can find the privacy policy at: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/; opt out at: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated.LinkedInWe maintain a profile on LinkedIn. The provider is LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland. LinkedIn has been certified with the EU-US Privacy Shield and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield.You can find the privacy policy at: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy; opt out at: https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/advertising.XingWe maintain a profile on XING. The provider is XING S, (Dammtorstraße 30, 20354 Hamburg, Germany).You can find the privacy policy at: https://privacy.xing.com/de/datenschutzerklaerung; opt out at: https://privacy.xing.com/de/datenschutzerklaerung.
IX. WAGO HUB
In order to provide you with information within the WAGO HUB, for example, on the topics of automation, interface electronics and connection technology, or to enable you to participate in digital trade shows or events, it may be necessary to process your personal data.This is done using the formats offered by the WAGO HUB. Which of your personal data is processed by these formats can be read in the following paragraphs.In order to be able to offer you the WAGO HUB, it is necessary to cooperate with a processor in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. For this purpose, we work with the service provider Uniplan GmbH & Co. KG (Schanzenstraße 39 a/b, 51063 Köln, "Uniplan"). We have entered into contractual arrangements with Uniplan in accordance with Art. 28 para. 3 GDPR, which ensure the data protection of our WAGO HUB participants. In order to perform certain processing activities in connection with the WAGO HUB(in particular hosting and IT support, platform and data management, performance monitoring, digital communication (e-mail, chat, video chat, video, streaming and screen sharing) and analysis) we use external service providers who process personal data on our behalf. For further information, please refer to the relevant paragraphs of this privacy policy.
Meet the Experts
With this format, you have the opportunity to enter into direct exchange with experts from WAGO Kontakttechnik GmbH (according to Swiss law) & Co. KG. During a live event, you can contact the experts either via Microsoft Teams or by message via the WAGO HUB. For this purpose, each participant receives a personal inbox, which, however, can only be used for communication within the WAGO HUB.Participation in the Meet the Experts format is on a purely voluntary basis. Please note that in order to contact you, at least your contact data (name, first name and e-mail address) will be transmitted so that we can respond to your inquiry or message. Any personal information that you provide with a message is considered voluntary and will be stored according to local data protection legislation.The processing of your data is thus exclusively based on your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 a) GDPR).
Networking/ Business Cards
During a live event, you have the opportunity to use this format to network with experts from WAGO Kontakttechnik GmbH (under Swiss law) & Co. or with other participants outside our organization. To do this, you can create a Business Card by registering with the WAGO HUB or at a later date via your profile settings. A Business Card is not required for participation in a live event.As basic information, the personal information that you have stored in your user account is used.This includes: Salutation, title, name, position and name of the company/organization, contact details.If you decide to use a Business Card, you can optionally add a photo, your company logo, your website, and your social media profiles from LinkedIn and/or XING. Please note that we are solely responsible for the creation of your Business Card and its provision via the WAGO HUB. The participants themselves are solely responsible for the content design and, for example, the use of image material that is free of third-party rights or for the subsequent contact. The data published in the profile is always visible to all other participants of the live events. The processing of your data is therefore based on your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 a) GDPR). We process personal data to enable participants to chat and communicate with other participants, to set up and organize meetings, to take notes, to participate in meetings in virtual rooms or to stream meetings via the platform as well as to arrange and conduct appointments and video calls between different participants.
Live streaming/breakout sessions
The WAGO HUB allows you to participate in virtual formats. On the one hand, you could participate in live events, such as expert presentations on the topics of automation, interface electronics and connection technology. During a live event, you could ask questions anonymously by entering a question via the event chat. Only the moderator receives this question or comment and summarizes it in anonymous form. Only the moderator of an event can track which participant has submitted a question. Furthermore, you can participate in so-called breakout sessions, in which you have the opportunity to discuss what you have heard with the experts in a smaller group of participants after a live event or to ask questions. For the participation in virtual events, including live streaming and breakout sessions, the following data is processed: Name, company/organization, rooms visited, sessions and interactions within the virtual rooms as well as date, time and duration of participation. We process personal data for the organization and realization of virtual events, live streams and the retrieval of on-demand videos. Please note that any personal information you provide within a live event or breakout session is considered voluntarily submitted and will be stored and processed in accordance with local data protection legislation. The processing of your data is based on your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 a) GDPR), as well as on our legitimate interest (Art. 6 para. 1 f) GDPR).
Media Library
The live events (live streaming sessions) are recorded regularly to make them available in our WAGO HUB media library for later retrieval. Questions asked by participants during the live event are not recorded to avoid recording the participants' real names. However, the verbally replayed questions and the corresponding answers will be recorded and made available for later retrieval. However, the oral reproduction of the questions is only anonymous, so that no identification of the participants is possible. If you participate in a live event, you will receive further information on the event in an appropriate manner when you register to participate and, if applicable, after the live event has ended. This information could, for example, be an event reminder, the live event recording or customer satisfaction surveys on the event (Art. 6 para. 1 b), f) GDPR).
Analysis and evaluation for optimization
We also process personal data for our legitimate interest in analyzing participation in live events and the use of the WAGO HUB and for statistical evaluation to optimize future online appearances (legal basis: (Art. 6 para.1 f) GDPR)). You can actively agree to the use of cookies, which are not technically required for the function and security of our website or platform, via the cookie content tool. The legal basis for these consent-based cookie-based processing is your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 a) GDPR).
X. Whistle-blower system
Whistle-blowers who report unethical, illegal and irresponsible action are not denouncers. But please bear in mind that the information about yourself, your coworkers or any other aspect of business operations which you supply can result in decisions that affect other persons. Therefore, please only provide information which, to the best of your knowledge, you assume is correct. Even when you have no sanctions to expect, when you impart information in good faith, even when it afterwards turns out to be incorrect, the intentional supplying of false or misleading information is not tolerated.When you report incidents through our whistle-blower system, we protect your personal data so that the reporting does not disadvantage you in any way.When you supply personal data through the reporting form, we use it exclusively to investigate the reported incident in the framework of our whistle-blower system. Your personal data is processed based on a legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR. The legitimate interest for the processing of your personal data lies in the efficient investigation of the incident reported by you.Naturally, it may happen that you have to impart personal data within your report. The information may, for example, be within the subject area of your concern or within the circumstances of how knowledge of the incident was acquired. We likewise process this data for the efficient investigation of the incident reported by you.If we forward personal data to individuals whose profession obligates them to secrecy (such as lawyers and auditors) or to other third parties who are bound to confidentiality by separate contract (e.g. detective agencies) for further clarification of the reported incident and so that any civil claims against the reported person can be asserted, this happens based on our legitimate interest in terms of Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR and so that legal obligations can be satisfied (Art. 6 (1)(c) GDPR).If in the case of criminally relevant acts of the reported person, we have to forward personal data to law enforcement agencies for purposes of criminal prosecution, this happens based on our legitimate interest in terms of Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR and so that legal obligations can be satisfied (Art. 6 (1)(c) GDPR).When you use the system uprightly, you have no detriments to fear. If the whistle-blower system is used improperly for the purpose of causing detriments to reported persons, we reserve the right to proceed against the whistle-blower. This occurs based on our legitimate interest under Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR to protect upright whistle-blowers and safeguard our whistle-blower system against improper use.
XI. Duration of storage
We store your data for different lengths of time depending on the required purpose of processing.If no express storage period is indicated upon collection (for instance, as part of a declaration of consent), personal data is erased when it is no longer required for fulfilling the purpose of storage unless legal retention obligations (such as commercial and tax retention obligations) preclude erasure. We therefore normally process your data for the duration of the entire business relationship (from initiation, execution up to termination of a contract and to the end of any interest in information you may have).In addition, we store your data in compliance with and within the framework of legal retention and documentation obligations, with applicable guarantee, warranty and limitation periods and, in the event of legal disputes, until the end of such disputes in which this data is required as evidence.
XII. Withdrawal rights
You can, at any time with future effect and without stating reasons, withdraw the consents you have given us to collect and use data without thereby affecting the lawfulness of the processing that occurred based on your consent up through the withdrawal. After withdrawal has occurred, WAGO may further process your personal data only if the processing is required because of another legal basis or statutory obligation. You can send your withdrawal to controllers or to the contact address indicated in the site notice. If technically possible, we will also make withdrawal options available to you in your account.
XIII. Data Protection Officer
If you have further questions about the protection of your personal data, this data privacy statement, declarations of consent and the processing of your personal data or in case of complaints about data privacy, you can contact our data protection officer:WAGO Kontakttechnik GmbH (under Swiss law) & Co. KG-DATA PROTECTION OFFICER-Hansastr. 27 D-32423 Minden Email: dataprotection@wago.comIndependent of the provisions of this data privacy statement, Art. 13 (2) 1(d) GDPR grants you the regulatory right to complain to the competent supervisory authority.
IX. Acknowledgment of the privacy policy, changes
This privacy policy shall be in force from the time of publication on the website of WAGO Kontakttechnik GmbH & Co. KG until revocation.Confirmation and acknowledgment of the privacy policy agreement is absolutely required to make use of our offering.Please bear in mind that data protection regulations and handling for data protection can change continually and the content of this privacy policy must be conformed. If this should be the case, we will present changes in a transparent form for you. In addition, it is advisable to keep informed of changes in the law and our company's practice.