http://www.graphicsland.com/privacy/
Use of “Cookies” and Your IP Address
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Our site uses temporary cookies to keep track of your shopping cart during your visit. We do not store any permanent information as “cookies” on your computer.
Use of Your Name, Address, Telephone, Email and Credit Card Information
We use your name, address, telephone, email and credit card information to process and ship your order. If there is a problem with your order, we use your email address or telephone number to contact you. We do not and will never provide this information to any third parties (except in the case of processing your credit card to charge or credit your account).
Spam Email
We may send you an email to confirm that your order is being shipped or if we need to contact you concerning your order or to answer any questions you may have. We will never share your email address with any third party. In the past, we have never sent “blanket” emails to our customers. In the future, we may do such mailings. We promise that any email we send you will contain information about your account or the services we offer. We also pledge that we will not send you more than one email per month. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Security of Transactions
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Credit card information is transferred to us using a secure server with a license issued by Digicert, Inc.
Google Ads
We use Google, Inc. to serve ads on our free PowerPoint Templates page.
Google, Inc. may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by Google, click here.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us. To do so,
1. You can email us.
2. You can call the following telephone number: 708-532-8244
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
Sharon Feil – Graphicsland, Inc., 8061 W 186th Street Tinley Park, IL 60487
PagesHome
About
Contact
Powerpoint Templates
Jobs
Privacy Policy