https://www.industrialencodersdirect.co.uk/privacy-policy
Skip to content
HOMECONTACT USINCREMENTAL ENCODERS Solid ShaftHollow shaftSemi-Hollow ShaftABSOLUTE ENCODERS CommunicationFieldbusParallel Hollow ShaftParallel Multi-turn EncodersParallel Semi-Hollow ShaftParallel Solid ShaftPotentiometers – IndustrialProgrammableSSIMOTOR ENCODERS Large Bore Hollow Shaft EncodersModular Bearing-less EncodersENCODER EQUIVALENTSENCODER REPAIRSBESPOKE ENCODERSINDUSTRIAL SENSORSOTHER ENCODERSHARD TO FIND ENCODERSOBSOLETE ENCODERSACCESSORIESLINEAR ENCODERS Linear Draw Pull EncodersLinear Encoders (Magnetic Type)Linear Encoders (Optical Type)HIGH RES ENCODERSMEASURING WHEELCOUNTERS (DRO)HOMECONTACT USINCREMENTAL ENCODERS Solid ShaftHollow shaftSemi-Hollow ShaftABSOLUTE ENCODERS CommunicationFieldbusParallel Hollow ShaftParallel Multi-turn EncodersParallel Semi-Hollow ShaftParallel Solid ShaftPotentiometers – IndustrialProgrammableSSIMOTOR ENCODERS Large Bore Hollow Shaft EncodersModular Bearing-less EncodersENCODER EQUIVALENTSENCODER REPAIRSBESPOKE ENCODERSINDUSTRIAL SENSORSOTHER ENCODERSHARD TO FIND ENCODERSOBSOLETE ENCODERSACCESSORIESLINEAR ENCODERS Linear Draw Pull EncodersLinear Encoders (Magnetic Type)Linear Encoders (Optical Type)HIGH RES ENCODERSMEASURING WHEELCOUNTERS (DRO)
Privacy PolicyIndustrial Encoders Direct2019-07-02T16:15:45+01:00
Privacy Policy
What Information Do We Collect From This Site?
The information that you provide us with may be collected and processed by us in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and subsequent legislation. We do not collect any unique information about you (such as your name, email address, etc.) except when you specifically and knowingly provide such information for example emailing Industrial Encoders Direct using the online Contact Forms within the website. Any information such as browser type, IP address, browser configuration etc. is only collected for site improvement / site security activities and is not in any way connected to individual personal data. Data collected is held on the grounds of being for legitimate business interests or to fulfil a contractual obligation.
Sharing Your Data
Industrial Encoders Direct does not share information about you with any third party without your express consent. Please be aware, however, that we will release specific personal information about you if required to do so in order to comply with any valid legal process.
Information We Get From Other Sources
From time to time, we may need to obtain information from third parties about you. This will only apply where it is necessary to provide our services to users and as permitted by law.
Usage of Your Data
Personal data submitted via this website will be used primarily for the following purposes:
Website administration;
Response to email enquiries / contact form submissions;
Communication;
Administration of complaints or queries regarding the website itself
Users of this website do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details at their own risk.
Retaining Your Data
We keep your personal information in accordance with our Data Retention Policy which reflects our needs to provide services to you as contracted and also as required to meet legal, statutory and regulatory obligations. The need to hold information is regularly reviewed and information/data will be disposed of when no longer required.
Storage of Data
Your information may be stored on a cloud-based system whose servers are located within the UK or European Union (EU), or stored locally on secure, password protected computer systems. All data will be stored so to comply with the Data Protection Act 1998 and as enacted, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Data Subject Rights
Subject Access Requests
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) gives individuals, known as ‘data subjects’, the right to access personal data that is held by organisations by a subject access request (SAR). We will endeavour to respond quickly to any such requests, which legally require us to respond within one month of receiving the request and necessary information. You can issue a request by emailing us at sales@industrialencodersdirect.co.uk. You will need to tell us how we acquired the information.
Right to Rectification
Data subjects have the right to request that we amend or change personal information that we hold about you, that is inaccurate or incorrect.
Right to Erasure
Data subjects have the right to ask us to delete personal information from our systems without giving any reason and at any time. We will act on any request without delay.
Right to Restrict Processing
Data subjects have the right to rectification or erasure of personal data in the following circumstances:
Personal data is not accurate;
The processing of data is unlawful. Data subjects may request that processing is restricted;
Data is required to exercise legal rights or defend legal claims;
Data is unlawful but there may be lawful grounds for processing, which override this right.
Right to Data Portability
Data subjects have the right to obtain and transfer their data to different service providers.
Right to Object
Data subjects have the right to object to the processing of data at any time based on their particular situation. This includes objecting to profiling unless it is in the ‘public interest’ or exercised lawfully by an official authority. We will only process data where we can demonstrate lawful grounds for doing so.
Right not to be Subject to Decisions Based on Automated Processing
We do not use any automated processing that results in any automated decision based on a data subject’s personal information.
Using Your Rights
If you wish to invoke any of these rights, you can contact our Data Controller by email at sales@industrialencodersdirect.co.uk
Important Information
Questions and Queries
If you have any concerns about how we handle your data, you can contact the Data Controller by email at sales@industrialencodersdirect.co.uk
Changes to this Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. You will be deemed to have accepted any changes to the terms of the privacy policy on your next visit of the website following the amendment.
Complaints
If you have a complaint about the use of your data, you can contact us by email to sales@industrialencodersdirect.co.uk
Alternatively, you can formally report an issue of concern to the Information Commissioner’s Office, the UK body that governs Data Protection. See https://ico.org.uk
No Waiver
No failure or delay by us in exercising any of our rights in accordance with this Privacy Policy or our terms and conditions shall be deemed to be a waiver of that right, and no waiver of a breach of any provision of the Agreement shall be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent breach of the same or any other provision.
Severance
If one or more of the provisions of this Privacy Policy or our terms and conditions is found to be unlawful, invalid or otherwise unenforceable, those provision(s) shall be deemed severed from the remainder of these terms and conditions and shall remain enforceable.
Third Party Rights
The terms of this Privacy Policy shall not confer rights on any third parties and accordingly the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act shall not apply.
Jurisdiction and Governing Law
The terms of this Privacy Policy and all disputes, whether contractual or otherwise, arising out of or in connection with the policy are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and each party submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts
Encoder Search
Search for:
Advanced Encoder Search Please select the options and then press Filter
Wordpress Meta Data and Taxonomies Filter
Encoder Category
Absolute
Counters (DRO)
Incremental
Linear
Measuring Wheel Encoder
Motor
Sealing
IP50
IP64
IP65
IP66/67
Shaft Size
04mm
05mm
06mm
07mm
08mm
09mm
10mm
11mm
12mm
13mm
14mm
15mm
16mm
17mm
18mm
19mm
20mm
21mm
22mm
23mm
24mm
25mm
26mm
27mm
28mm
29mm
30mm
35mm
36mm
37mm
38mm
39mm
40mm
41mm
42mm
43mm
Pulse Per Resolution Required:
Industrial Encoders Direct Ltd Keeping Automation Moving
Telephone: +44(0) 1978 664722
Fax: +44(0) 1978 664733
sales@industrialencodersdirect.co.uk
UK Manufactured Equivalents To most makes, models and resolutions in a choice of materials.
High Quality Repair Service Available on many makes of encoder
Encoder Health Check Service Available on most makes of encoder
In-House CNCFlexible Manufacturing Systems allow specials to be produced without extended lead times or high costs
One-Stop-Shop Our experienced team can help source all of your encoder requirements
Industrial Sensors
For Sensors - visit Industrial Sensors Direct.
Sensors from the best names in the industry - Balluf, Baumer, Pepper & Fuchs, Sick and more.
Go to Top