https://www.zolldata.com/privacy-policy
Login
ZOLL Online
ZOLL emsCharts
ZOLL AR Boost
SDK Partner Program
Community
ZOLL Medical Devices
EMS
Dispatch
ZOLL Dispatch
ePCR
ZOLL emsCharts
HL7 Integration
ZOLL Care Exchange
Billing
ZOLL Billing
Community Paramedicine
ZOLL EMS Mobile Health
Fire
ePCR
ZOLL emsCharts
Fire Reporting
ZOLL Fire Reports
Hospital
Revenue Optimization
ZOLL AR Boost
HL7 Integration
ZOLL Care Exchange
AR Optimization
Revenue Optimization
ZOLL AR Boost
Strategic Programs
Partners
News & Events
Blog
Events
Media Coverage
Resources
Request A Demo
Request a demo to see how ZOLL's solutions can help improve the clinical and operational performance of your business.
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: July 20, 2020
Purpose
ZOLL Data Systems, Inc. (“ZOLL” or “we” or “us”) respects the privacy of its customers, business partners and individuals whose personal information with which we are entrusted.
This policy describes the types of data we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit www.zolldata.com (”Site”) and our practices for collecting, using and disclosing that data, including data that identifies or can be used to identify you (“personal information”).
This policy applies to information we collect:
on this Site;
in e-mail, text and other electronic messages between you and this Site;
through mobile and desktop applications you download from this Site that provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and this Site; and
when you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy.
This policy does not apply to information collected by:
us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by ZOLL or any third party; or
any third party, including through any application, content or advertising that may link to or be accessible from or on the Site.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with this policy, your choice is not to use our Site. By accessing or using this Site, you agree to this policy to the extent permitted by applicable law.
We recommend that you read this policy in full to ensure you are fully informed. If you only want to access a particular section of this policy, however, then you can click on the relevant link below to jump to that section:
Children
Information We Collect and How We Collect It
How We Use Your Information
Disclosure of Your Information
International Transfers of Your Information
Legal Basis for Collection and Use of Your Information
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
Your Data Protection Rights
Your California Privacy Rights
Data Security
Data Retention
Changes to Our Policy
How to Contact Us
Children
Our Site is not intended for children under 16 years of age in the European Economic Area (“Europe”) or under 13 years of age in the United States (“children” or “child”). Children may not provide any information to or on the Site. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you are a child, do not use or provide any information on this Site or on or through any of its features or register on the Site or provide any information about yourself to us. That includes your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child or need to verify parental consent, please contact us.
Information We Collect and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Site, including information:
by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, fax number, identification card number, location data, Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses, a cookie ID, the advertising identifier of your phone and any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline to the extent permitted by law;
that is about you but individually does not identify you, such as website statistics; and
about the equipment you use to access our Site and usage details.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the Site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses and information collected through cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies.
From third parties (for example, our business partners).
From third parties (for example, our business partners).
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE
To the extent permitted under applicable law, the information we collect on or through our Site may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms our Site. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Site, applying for employment, updating information, downloading information, entering contests, subscribing to marketing communications, reporting problems with our Site or asking us questions.
Details you provide to us when you interact with us using social media.
Information you furnish in any interactive areas of this Site.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us online or offline (for example, by telephone, fax or text).
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Details of any transactions you carry out through our Site and of the fulfillment of your orders.
Your search queries on the Site.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (”posted”) on any public areas of the Site, or transmitted to other users of the Site or third parties (collectively, ”User Contributions” ). Your User Contributions are at your own risk. Although we may limit access to certain pages, and you may set certain privacy settings for such information by logging into your account profile, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Site with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY
As you navigate through and interact with our Site, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, which may include:
Details of your visits to our Site, including traffic data, location data, language preferences, clicks, logs and other communication data, time spent on the Site and the pages and resources that you access and use on the Site.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, operating system and browser type.
Broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location) and other technical information.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. If you select this setting, however, you may be unable to access certain parts of our Site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Site.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Site may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our Site. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
Web Beacons. Pages of our the Site and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs. pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
We also may use technologies such as Google Analytics and Hotjar to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (“behavioral tracking”).
For information on how you can opt out of behavioral tracking on our Site and how we respond to web browser signals and other mechanisms that enable consumers to exercise choice about behavioral tracking, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION
Some content or applications on the Site may be served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our Site.
The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, contact the responsible provider directly. For information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Site and its contents to you, including facilitating navigation and more effectively displaying information.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.
To provide you with notices about your account.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To notify you about changes to our Site or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
To allow you to participate in any interactive features on our Site.
To respond to reviews, comments or other feedback that you provide to us.
To support and personalize our services, websites, mobile services and advertising and remember your preferences.
In the case of server logs, to help us statistically monitor how many people are using our site and for what purpose.
To protect the security and integrity of our services, content, and our business.
For benchmarking; audits; developing new products; enhancing services; facilitating product, software and application development; improving our services; conducting research, analysis, studies or surveys; determining where visitors come from and what Site content interests them; identifying usage patterns; and other analytics purposes.
To comply with applicable legal or regulatory requirements and our policies, and to protect against criminal activity, claims and other liabilities.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information, including consideration for employment.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose with your consent.
For any other lawful purpose for which you provide the information.
We may also use your information to contact you about our own and third-parties’ goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please adjust your user preferences in your account profile). For more information, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
We may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers’ target audiences. Even though we do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose, use, process, transfer and store aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To a potential buyer or other successor (and its agents and advisors) in the event of a proposed merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of assets, provided that we inform the recipient it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this policy.
To the extent permitted by law, to third parties to market their products or services to you if you have consented to or not opted out of these disclosures. For more information, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect our rights, property or safety, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
International Transfers of Your Information
Personal information collected through this Site may be transferred to, and processed in, other countries that might not, to the extent legally permissible, provide an equivalent level of protection as the data protection laws in your home country. We have taken appropriate safeguards, however, to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this policy. These include the use of standard data protection clauses adopted by supervisory authorities and approved by the European Commission to safeguard transfers, as well as other contractual protections.
Legal Basis for Collection and Use of Your Information
The legal basis for the collection and use of your personal information if you are in Europe are the following, as further described above in How We Use Your Information:
Your consent for one or more specific purposes.
As necessary for legitimate interests not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
As necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject.
As necessary to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
As necessary for a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into a contract.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis upon which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us, including:
Cookies, Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies or alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your cookie settings, visit allaboutcookies.org or the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse cookies, some parts of this Site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Disclosure of Your Information for Third-Party Advertising. If you do not want us to share your personal information with unaffiliated or non-agent third parties for promotional purposes, you can opt-out by logging into the Site and adjusting your user preferences in your account profile or by contacting us.
Promotional Offers from the Company. If you do not wish to have your contact information used by ZOLL to promote our own or third parties’ products or services, you can opt-out by logging into the Site and adjusting your user preferences in your account profile by checking or unchecking the relevant boxes or by contacting us. If we have sent you a promotional e-mail, you may send us a return e-mail asking to be omitted from future e-mail distributions.
Targeted Advertising. If you do not want us to use information that we collect or that you provide to us to deliver advertisements according to our advertisers’ target-audience preferences, you can opt-out by contacting us or by adjusting your user advertising preferences in your account profile by checking or unchecking the relevant boxes. For this opt-out to function, you must have your browser set to accept browser cookies.
We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (”NAI”) on the NAI’s website. Concerning ads served by AdRoll for our advertisers, look for an AdChoices logo (the blue triangle) in the corner of the advertisement. Click the logo to learn more about interest-based advertising, its source and managing your advertising options. You also can opt out of seeing personalized advertising from AdRoll (and other companies) using the NAI opt out tool website. Please note you will still see ads even if you opt out, but they will not be personalized by AdRoll.
Your Data Protection Rights
You have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal information, you can do so at any time by contacting us.
In addition, if you are in Europe, you can
object to processing of your personal information, ask us to
restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us.
You have the right to opt out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing e-mails we send you. To opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), please contact us.
Similarly, if we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Finally, you have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in Europe, Switzerland and certain non-European countries (including the U.S. and Canada) are available here.
We respond to all requests from individuals to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable law.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Site who are residents of California in the United States to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to our Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. Do not share your password. Be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Site. It may be viewed by others.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information by the internet is not completely secure. We undertake reasonable efforts to protect your personal information. We cannot guarantee its security.
Data Retention
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you a service you requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Changes to Our Policy
We may update this policy in response to changing legal, regulatory, technical or business developments. When we update our policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material policy changes if required by law. To the extent permitted by law, your continued use of this Site after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so lease check the policy periodically for updates. You can see when this policy was last updated by checking the date beside Last Updated.
How to Contact Us
To ask questions or comments about this policy and our privacy practices, including information regarding how to access or update your data or limit its user or disclosure, contact us as follows unless you are in Europe:
ZOLL Data Systems, Inc. 11802 Ridge Parkway, #400 Broomfield, CO 80021ZDCyberTeam@zoll.comAttn: Privacy Officer
If you are in Europe, you may direct those questions or comments to our Data Protection Officer at:
ZOLL Medical Corporation269 Mill RoadChelmsford, MA 01824 DataProtectionInquiries@zoll.com Attn: Data Protection Officer
ZOLL Data Systems, Inc. is the data controller, the legal entity that determines the purposes and means of processing personal data on this website, known in Europe as the data controller.
ZOLL Pulse Blog
Check out the latest insights for data-driven EMS.
Read More
11802 Ridge Parkway, Suite 400Broomfield, Colorado 80021 U.S.A.
1.800.474.4489
Contact Us
Customer Community
Solutions for EMS
ZOLL Dispatch
ZOLL emsCharts
ZOLL Care Exchange
ZOLL Billing
ZOLL EMS Mobile Health
Solutions for Fire
ZOLL Fire Reports
ZOLL emsCharts
Solutions for Hospital
ZOLL AR Boost
ZOLL Care Exchange
Solutions for AR Optimization
ZOLL AR Boost
Resources
Resource Library
ZOLL Pulse Blog
Support
Contact
Customer Community
SDK Partner Program
Update Your Email Preferences
Our Company
Mission and Values
Careers
Leadership
Other ZOLL Divisions
Events
ZOLL Pulse Blog
©2020 ZOLL Medical Corporation. All Rights Reserved
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Terms and Conditions for Orders