http://www.dynacodoor.com/legal-notice
This website uses cookies to help us give you the best experience when you visit our website. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our use of these cookies.
Privacy and legal notice - Cookie policy
Privacy notice
On this page you will find the privacy notice of Entrematic Belgium nv (“ENTREMATIC”).
Entrematic Belgium nv - BE0439.752.567 - Waverstraat 21, 9310 Moorsel, to be reached via
(+32) 53 72 98 98 or info.dynaco.eu@entrematic.com, is responsible as “controller” for the processing of your personal data within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
This privacy notice applies to all services we offer you (including the website www.dynacodoor.com).
ENTREMATIC attaches great importance to protecting the privacy of your personal data. This privacy notice describes the following:
- the types of personal data that we receive and collect from you in relation to this website; and more specifically the online ordering and configuration system DYNACO ONLINE;
- how we manage and use the personal data and why;
- with whom we share personal data and why;
- how long we retain personal data;
- how we secure your data;
- your rights, including how to contact us if you have additional questions about the processing of your personal data; and
- how we can make changes to this notice.
Click the links above to immediately go to the relevant section of this privacy notice.
You can also find us through the following social media channels:
Facebook | LinkedIn | Twitter
1.1 What personal data do we collect?
ENTREMATIC collects, saves and processes the following information:
If you request information or an intervention from us: your name, address, email and/or telephone number which you submit to receive information from us.
Data relating to your computer hardware and software: IP address, browser type, domain names, access times, etc.
Personal data communicated within the scope of commercial transactions between ENTREMATIC and yourself (as a distributor/reseller), in particular within the scope of offers, orders and invoicing for DYNACO products via DYNACO ONLINE: product types, numbers, amounts, delivery details, etc.
Personal data communicated to ENTREMATIC regarding commercial transactions between yourself (as a dealer/reseller) and your customers, in particular customer data, price simulations and offers for DYNACO products via DYNACO ONLINE: prices to your customers, discounts, etc.
If you place an order with us: your contact and delivery details as well as any other information required to verify and fulfil the order. This also includes financial information you submit to us.
Login details when creating an account on DYNACO ONLINE.
When you use our digital services and visit our websites: your browsing behaviour on the site, such as pages visited and the time spent on each page.
If you provide a service or product to us (suppliers): your contract and order confirmation information and other information that may be necessary to verify and process the order we placed. This also includes your payment details you provide to us.
When you disclose personal data of persons other than yourself to ENTREMATIC via the website or otherwise, you must ensure that you have the necessary consent from the relevant persons.
Why do we use your personal data?
The data relating to price simulations and offers between you and your customers (see point 4 above) is only used and processed to allow you to retrieve pre-saved data on and from our server. ENTREMATIC does not use these data internally and does not share them with third parties or other entities of the group.
Any other personal information we obtain through this website (see points above) can be used and processed for the following purposes:
In relation to the use of the website and our digital services
Why do we process your personal data?
What is the legal basis for such processing?
To comply with your request for information.
Legitimate interest
We will be happy to assist you. For this we do need your contact details. We therefore have a legitimate interest in processing these data from you.
To set up and manage your account, for example by sending password reminders or notifications about changes to your account data.
Execution of agreement
Using your personal data in this way is necessary for us to provide you with an online account to execute the agreement.
To fulfil your order for DYNACO products and as part of our customer service.
Legitimate interest
We have a legitimate interest in being able to fulfil the obligations arising out of any contract with our trading partners and thus contact the customer directly.
To keep your payments secure and ensure the security of our website.
Legitimate interest
We like to offer our customers a secure payment environment. We have a legitimate interest in processing personal data to keep our customers’ payments secure, prevent fraud and protect our digital services from cyberattacks.
To conduct statistical analyses on the use of the website for more of an insight into how our website is used and to make improvements.
Legitimate interest
It is in our legitimate interest to view this information to gain an insight into how our website is used and to manage and improve it. Since no sensitive personal data are processed and processing is limited, we have concluded that our legitimate interest in making improvements and conducting analyses takes precedence over your privacy interest.
To meet legal requirements to which we are subject, such as tax-technical or financial tax requirements.
Legal obligations
The use of your personal data in this way is necessary for us to meet our legal obligations.
To inform you of relevant solutions, products and services that may be interesting, in line with your marketing preferences.
Legitimate interest/consent
We have a legitimate interest in keeping our regular customers informed of our services. Are you not yet one of our customers? Then we will only process your data in this context if you have authorised us to do so. You may withdraw your consent at any time by sending a request to that effect to: privacy.be@entrematic.com.
To the extent that the above processing is carried out by means of cookies, the cookie policy applies.
In relation to our customers
Why do we process your personal data?
What is the legal basis for such processing?
To be able to send offers based on your request.
Legitimate interest
We have a legitimate interest in responding to the request for an offer and addressing this directly to the requester.
To communicate about your wishes and specifications regarding one of our products and/or services.
Legitimate interest
We have a legitimate interest in responding to questions about a product or order and addressing the answer directly to the requester.
To be able to invoice.
Legitimate interest
We have a legitimate interest in ensuring that invoices are sent correctly and directly to the relevant customer contact.
To communicate on the implementation aspects of the agreement (including details of the order, delivery, quality, assembly, maintenance, complaints, etc.).
Legitimate interest
We have a legitimate interest to ensure the proper progress of the delivery and further maintenance and so contact the relevant customer contact directly.
Your personal data are used to communicate with the right people so that the agreement is managed efficiently.
To communicate with you on relevant solutions, products and services related to the content of our agreement.
Legitimate interest
We want to provide you with the best possible personal service. For this we need your data. We have a legitimate interest in processing your data in this context.
In relation to our suppliers
ENTREMATIC calls on sole proprietors as well as companies to obtain goods and receive services. In relation to these suppliers, ENTREMATIC invokes the execution of the agreement or its legitimate interest, as the case may be.
Why do we process your personal data?
What is the legal basis for such processing?
To be able to contact you so that we can let you know which specifications or wishes a particular business or service must satisfy as far as we are concerned.
Execution of agreement
Your personal data are used to contact you so we can explain our question. The processing of your data is necessary to be able to create an agreement.
Legitimate interest
We have a legitimate interest in building and maintaining a good relationship with our trading partners and therefore contacting the relevant supplier contact person directly.
To send a request for quotations.
Execution of agreement
Your personal data are used to contact you so that we can make a request for offers. The processing of your data is necessary to be able to create an agreement.
Legitimate interest
We have a legitimate interest in building and maintaining a good relationship with our trading partners and therefore contacting the relevant supplier contact person directly.
To place an order with you.
Execution of agreement
Your personal data are used to place an order with the right person.
Legitimate interest
We have a legitimate interest in building and maintaining a good relationship with our trading partners and therefore contacting the relevant supplier contact person directly.
To be able to pay your invoices.
Execution of agreement
Your personal (payment) data will be used to pay the invoice.
Legitimate interest
We have a legitimate interest in being able to fulfil the obligations arising out of any contract with our trading partners and thus contacting the relevant supplier contact person directly.
To communicate on the implementation aspects of the agreement (including details of the order, delivery, quality, complaints, etc.).
Execution of agreement
Your personal data are used to make contact regarding related questions/issues within the scope of the agreement.
Legitimate interest
We have a legitimate interest in overseeing the smooth running of the agreement and therefore contacting the relevant supplier contact person directly.
1.3 To whom do we pass on your personal data?
We may transfer or grant access to your personal data for the above purposes:
- To other companies within the ENTREMATIC/ASSA ABLOY group.
- To third parties that provide services in relation to this website and related applications, but only the personal data necessary to provide the service. Example: IT service provider(s) hosting, developing and managing the website.
- To public authorities, if we are required to so by law.
- To a buyer or potential future buyer of our company.
- To third parties (e.g. distributors) if you have asked us to contact such third parties and have given your explicit permission that we may pass on your data.
- To third parties such as suppliers and subcontractors, but only to the extent required to be able to deliver and provide products and services within the scope of our agreement. For example: suppliers such as transport companies and installation and maintenance companies acting as subcontractor
ENTREMATIC takes measures to protect any personal data transferred to third parties or other countries that do not provide an adequate level of protection, in accordance with applicable data protection laws and as mentioned above.
1.4 How long do we store your personal data?
ENTREMATIC retains your personal data for as long as necessary to comply with the purpose for which the data have been collected. This means that we delete your personal data when such data are no longer needed to process a request or order, or to manage your account, your marketing preferences or our relationship. Statistics which have been anonymised may be saved for longer.
Types of stored data
How long are they stored?
Contact information you provide, such as your name, e-mail address, region/country and company name.
We delete this data after 12 months. The data are also deleted after three e-mail bounces.
Your responses to surveys in which you participate.
We delete these data 12 months after the end of the survey period. Aggregate data cannot be linked to an individual and are stored for longer.
Marketing preferences such as registering or unsubscribing for receiving information and newsletters by e-mail.
Permanently, because it is a legal requirement to respect your preferences, but with a ten-yearly re-evaluation.
Information regarding our business relationship, such as information in orders and offers, requirements you place on us and delivery information, account details, etc.
For the duration of the business relationship and 18 months thereafter. Data can be stored for longer if we are required to do so by law.
Administration (your invoice, payment and order details)
We are legally obliged to keep your data for at least 7 years.
1.5 How we secure your data
We value your privacy and ensure that your data are treated confidentially and with the utmost care. In this connection we have taken appropriate technical and organisational security measures against the loss, theft or otherwise unlawful processing of these data.
1.6 What are your rights?
In relation to the personal data we hold about you, you have the right to:
- request a copy of the personal data in our files;
- request that we correct or delete your personal information (though this means that we can no longer process requests or orders, or that your account expires);
- ask us to stop processing your personal data (e.g. regarding the use of the data to improve our website) or to limit how we process them (e.g. if you think the data are incorrect);
- request the personal data used to provide requested information, process an order or manage your account or our relationship in a machine-readable format, which you may transfer to another data manager; and
- withdraw your consent at any time to the processing of your data for marketing purposes by us.
The exercise of certain rights may be subject to certain conditions. If these conditions are not met, ENTREMATIC cannot meet your request.
Requests to exercise your rights or for more information in this regard must be addressed to privacy.be@entrematic.com or Entrematic Belgium at Waverstraat 21, 9310 Moorsel, Belgium.
If you have a complaint regarding our processing of your personal data, you are entitled to report this to the Data Protection Authority - Drukpersstraat 35, 1000 Brussels, Belgium - +32 (0)2 274 48 00 - contact@apd-gba.be or to the supervisory authority where you live or work, if different.
1.7 How can we make changes to this privacy notice?
ENTREMATIC may update this privacy notice from time to time in response to changing legal, regulatory or operational requirements. We will notify users of any such changes (including when they will take effect). The latest version of our privacy notice is available on our website.
Your continued use of the digital service after such an update has come into effect is considered an acceptance of such changes. If you do not accept the updates to this privacy notice, you must stop using this digital service.
__________________________
Legal notice
This is a legal notice for the website www.dynacodoor.com served by ENTREMATIC Group (“ENTREMATIC”), revised May 25, 2018.
What you need to know, in brief: on this site ENTREMATIC BELGIUM provides online information owned by ENTREMATIC. By accessing and using this site, you agree to be bound legally by the terms and conditions of this Legal Notice. How we handle your personal data is described in our privacy notice and cookie policy respectively.
Given the dynamic nature of our business, we reserve the right to change or discontinue at any time any aspect or feature of this site, including the content of this legal notice with linked notices. Such edits are effective immediately upon publishing them online and a replacement function may not be available.
Entrematic Belgium nv - BE0439.752.567 - Waverstraat 21, 9310 Moorsel is the controller for your personal data collected via the website.
A more detailed legal explanation is provided below.
Copyright and trademarks
The content of this website (the “Content”), including but not limited to text, visual material, trademarks, brands, logos and software, is protected by intellectual Property Laws. Ownership of the content will not be passed on to you or any user of this site, but shall remain with ENTREMATIC or the third parties owning the Content posted on this site.
ENTREMATIC owns the names used for the company’s business and the names of the company’s products, services and solutions mentioned on this site. These names are all protected by Intellectual Property Laws. All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
You are authorised to view, e-mail, download and print copies of the Content, but only for personal, non-commercial purposes. Unauthorised use of the Content may be interpreted as a violation of the laws of copyright, trademark and other laws. When sending by email, downloading or printing copies of the Content, you must also include all copyright notices and other notices that are included in the Content, including any copyright notices contained in the bottom of the page.
The Content may not be reproduced, transcribed, stored in a retrieval system, translated into any language or computer language, retransmitted in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photographic, recorded or otherwise), resold or redistributed without the prior written consent of ENTREMATIC. You may not sell or modify the Content or reproduce, display, publicly perform, distribute, or use the Content in any way for public or commercial purposes. You cannot put this site or parts of it in "frames" on other websites, and you agree not to copy any part of this site on a server. You further agree not to display or use names, logos or trademarks of ENTREMATIC in any form without the prior written consent of ENTREMATIC.
Terms of use
The use of the Content on any other website or any other computer network environment for any purpose is expressly prohibited, although you can put hyperlinks in HTML from your site to this site, subject to these Terms of Use. We are granting a non-exclusive, limited, revocable license to link to this site. You agree not to submit links to this site so that they can be associated with advertising or appear to be an endorsement of an organization, product or service. You agree not to post links to this site on any sites that may be reasonably considered obscene, defamatory, threatening, grossly offensive, or malicious. ENTREMATIC reserves the right to revoke this license or your right to use specific links, at any time. If ENTREMATIC revokes this license, you agree to remove and disable any and all links to this site immediately.
If you use the content in a way that is not expressly permitted by these Terms and Conditions, you may be violating copyright laws, trademark and other laws. If this is the case, ENTREMATIC automatically revokes your permission to use this site, and ENTREMATIC shall be entitled to request that you immediately destroy any copies you have made of any portion of the Content. All rights not expressly granted by these terms and conditions are reserved.
3. Statement of responsibility
ENTREMATIC MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE RESULTS OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF OR RELIANCE ON THIS WEB SITE OR THE CONTENT CONTAINED ON OR PROVIDED THROUGH THIS SITE. SO USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
ENTREMATIC PROVIDES THIS SITE AND ITS CONTENTS AND SERVICES "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DISCLAIMS ENTREMATIC, EXPRESS AND SPECIFICALLY, ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF PROPERTY, MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. ENTREMATIC MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT CORRECTNESS, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, CONTINUITY OR TIMELINESS OF THE CONTENT, SERVICES, SOFTWARE, TEXT, GRAPHICS, LINKS OR COMMUNICATIONS PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH THE USE OF THIS SITE. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR TAKING ALL PRECAUTIONS NECESSARY TO ENSURE THAT ANY CONTENT YOU DOWNLOAD FROM THIS SITE IS FREE OF ANY COMPUTER VIRUS OR OTHER POTENTIALLY DESTRUCTIVE COMPUTER CODE.
ENTREMATIC and any person or company associated with ENTREMATIC shall not be liable for damages of any kind that result from the use or inability to use this website or any content, services or materials provided by this website or this site ("this protection") . This protection includes all claims, whether they are based on warranty, contract, harmful acts, strict liability or any other legal theory, even if ENTREMATIC was geared to the possibility of such damages or not. This protection covers all losses, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, exemplary and punitive damages; damages resulting from bodily injury or homicide; lost profits; and damages resulting from lost data or business interruption.
4. Link to other websites and advertisements
This site may contain links to third party sites. These links are provided solely for your convenience and do not represent an endorsement by ENTREMATIC of the content contained in or provided by such third party sites. This site is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites; we do not review, control, or monitor the materials from third-party sites and we do not make any representations regarding the content, correctness or legitimacy of materials on these third party sites.
If you decide to access linked third party websites from this site, you must do so at your own risk. The use of third party websites is subject to the Terms of Use for those third-party sites, including their privacy policies.
If this site decides to include third party advertisements, such advertisements may contain links to other sites. Unless otherwise specified, this site does not endorse any product or make any representations regarding the content, correctness or legitimacy of any materials contained in, or available via link from any advertisement on this site.
5. Social Media Widgets
The site may connect to social platforms like LinkedIn, Facebook, YouTube or Twitter either as a link to our channels on those platforms or as a convenience to post content in your own feed there. To understand how and what information is collected and what cookies are installed by the third party, check the privacy policy of their social platform
6. Contact details
If you have questions or concerns about this Legal Notice you can contact us at Entrematic Belgium nv, Waverstraat 21, 9310 Moorsel, Belgium.
_________________________
Cookie Policy
We think it is very important that you know and understand which cookies we use for our website and for what purposes. In this way, we aim to guarantee your privacy, make our website more user-friendly and monitor and improve the quality of the offer on our website.
1.1 What is a cookie?
A “cookie” is a small text file containing information stored on your computer or mobile device during your visit to our website. Cookies are usually used to allow websites to function, to keep track of the actions of visitors to the website, to store login details, etc.
There are different types of cookies that can be distinguished according to their origin, function and lifespan.
First-party cookies are cookies placed by the website being visited by the user, while third party cookies are placed by a website other than that being visited.
Essential cookies enable users to navigate through a website and use the functions of the website.
Performance cookies collect data on the performance of a website, such as the number of visitors, the time that visitors spend on a web page and error messages.
Functional cookies increase the user-friendliness of a website by remembering your choices (e.g. language preferences, region, login).
Targeting/advertising cookies ensure that a website can send personalised advertising messages.
Session cookies are temporary cookies that are deleted when the browser is closed. Permanent cookies, on the other hand, remain present on the user’s device until removed by the user or removed by the browser after the duration determined in the cookie lapses.
1.2 What cookies do we use?
This ENTREMATIC website uses different categories of cookies - to provide you with the best possible user experience - which are described below
- Essential cookies
These cookies are necessary for our website to function. They cannot be disabled, but they are not saved when you close your browser. They are usually set up in response to your actions on our website, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or (automatically) filling out forms.
Name
Saved data
Objective
Expiry period
ASP .NET_SessionId
ASP .NET uses this cookie to record requests you made during a particular browsing session.
Offers the possibility of retaining and distinguishing among different users. This is only used for password-protected sites.
When you close your browser (session).
__epiXSRF
Unique IDs for forms.
This cookie is used to protect the user against fake cross-site requests (XSRF).
When you close your browser (session).
accepted cookies
Cookie settings for the website.
Is used to check if you have accepted the use of cookies.
2 years
FormCookie
Form IDs.
This cookie checks whether the user has filled in a specific form or not.
1 year
Redirecturl
Information for redirecting to another page.
Link to the correct page from the start screen.
1 year
.LoginC, EPiDPCKEY,.ASPXRoles
Session and role IDs.
These 3 cookies are used to allow login, access and authorisations when logging into the website with a login zone.
When you close your browser (session).
__cfduid
Used by the content network, cloudflare, to identify trusted web traffic.
1 year
- Functional cookies
These cookies increase the user-friendliness of a website by remembering your choices (e.g. language preferences).
Name
Saved data
Objective
Expiry period
selectedLanguage
Language choice.
Tracks the visitor’s preferred language.
1 year
If you do not allow these cookies, some of these settings may not function properly.
- Performance cookies
These cookies are used to track browsing behaviour so that on our side we can improve our information and service to you.
If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know if you have visited our website and we will not be able to monitor whether the performance and quality level towards you are as they should be.
Name
Saved data
Objective
Expiry period
_ga
This cookie is linked to Google Analytics (https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245). It is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly-generated number as customer ID. It is included in each page request on the website and is used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the site analysis reports.
2 years
_gid
This cookie is linked to Google Analytics and is used to distinguish users.
24 hours
_gat
This cookie is linked to Google Analytics and is used to limit the request speed - it limits the collection of data on high-traffic websites.
1 minute
- Third party cookies
Content we embed on our website from other sources, such as maps, social media services and videos may store cookies on your device.
If you do not allow these cookies, you may experience problems with the website functionalities provided by third parties.
Name
Saved data
Objective
Expiry period
JSESSIONID
We use LinkedIn on a number of pages on this website. LinkedIn can place cookies on pages with this functionality. For more information, read the LinkedIn Cookie Policy.
These cookies are needed to make LinkedIn integration work.
For more information, read the LinkedIn Cookie Policy.
When you close your browser (session).
_ga
2 years
_guid
_lipt
bcookie
1 year
bscookie
1 year
lang
li_at
liap
lidc
1 day
sl
visit
__hstc
This cookie is used to track visitors. It contains the domain, utk (see below), initial time stamp (first visit), initial time stamp (last visit), current time stamp (this visit) and session number (which is increased for each subsequent session).
2 years
__hssc
This cookie tracks the sessions. It helps us understand the use of our site by counting sessions and the number of page views in each session. This is used to determine if we need to increase the session number and timestamps in the __hstc cookie.
30 minutes
1.3 How do I turn off cookies?
- Essential cookies
Essential cookies cannot be turned off since without them, our website would not work and that would frustrate both you and us.
- Functional cookies
We don’t collect personal data through functional cookies, but if you’d like to opt-out, you may set your browser to automatically reject the storage of cookies.
- Performance cookies
We don’t collect personal data through performance cookies, but if you’d like to opt-out, you may download & install Google Analytics’ Opt-Out browser add-on which is available for all major browsers and read more about it on Google’s support site.
- Third party cookies
To opt-out from third party cookies, you can adjust your preferences by changing your web browser’s settings to reject the storage of third party cookies.
1.4 Want to know more?
If you do not want to accept cookies, you can set your web browser in such a way that you automatically refuse to save cookies or that you are informed each time a website requests permission to save a cookie. Previously saved cookies can also be deleted via the web browser. Please refer to your web browser’s help pages for more information. Please note that certain pages or functionalities on this website require cookies and may not work if cookies are deleted or refused.
If you have already visited our site and previously agreed to the use of cookies, you can revoke cookie consent and clear those from your device through your web browser settings. Browser specific information on how to achieve this can be found in your browser’s support pages or on www.allaboutcookies.org, which provides a comprehensive how-to guide per browser and a wealth of information about cookies
You can also contact us with any questions at privacy.be@entrematic.com.
For general information on the processing of personal data by ENTREMATIC and the exercise of your rights, please consult our privacy notice.
_________________________
Société
Why Dynaco
About Dynaco
Become a partner
General conditions
Job offers
Products
Inside door
Sectional door
Outside door
Emergency Exit
Cleanroom
Freezer
Industries
Industry
Logistics
Food
Public Transport
Cleanroom
Automotive
Retail
Cold Storage
Features and benefits
A safe choice
Maximum tightness
Wind resistant
Maximum time savings
Self-reinserting
Contact Data
Entrematic Belgium NVWaverstraat 21B-9310 MOORSEL
email info.dynaco.eu@entrematic.comtel. (+32) 53 72 98 98fax (+32) 53 72 98 50VAT BE0439 752 567
Contact us
Have a look at our cases & references
Member of
facebook
twitter
youtube
linkedin