http://www.rims.org/privacy
Privacy Statement
Your privacy is important to us. The Risk and Insurance Management Society (“RIMS,” “we,” or “us) provide this privacy notice to explain our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.    Information Collection For Web site visitors who make purchases on this siteWhen you make a purchase on our web site, we collect your name, contact information, as well as information about your current purchase and we keep information on your purchase history.This information is used by us and/or our agents: to support your interaction with our site, to deliver your purchases and to contact you again about other services and products we offer. We DO NOT share your name or contact information (including e-mail, telephone and physical address) with other companies, except as provided below. For Web site visitors who are RIMS members, or register for RIMS events or programs, or create an account to access content  on this siteRIMS is committed to providing programs, products and opportunities based on our member's needs. To do this, it is important for us to understand the demographics of our membership and event or program attendees. In this effort, we would appreciate it if you would take a few minutes to answer certain demographics questions when you join RIMS,  register for events or programs, or create an account to access content.Once completed you will also have an opportunity to update your profile (title, address, phone, fax, e-mail and communication preferences), your personal biography and your interests. For Web site visitors who do not make purchases or otherwise identify themselvesIf you do not sign on to our Web site, our Web server does not have access to personally identifiable information about you. It does not know your e-mail address unless you volunteer it. CookiesWe use cookies to collect aggregate information on the number of visitors to our site and the number of pages viewed.Cookie information is used only by RIMS and is not provided to any other organization. It is used in aggregate for traffic analysis and to provide relevant information to our visitors. It is also used for Web site and system administration, including research and development, user analysis and business decision-making. Information UseIf you register for RIMS programs or events, this demographic information will be shared with exhibitors when your name badge is swiped, allowing the service providers you visit to best meet your needs. If you prefer to keep this information private, you will be given the opportunity to opt out when you register. We, or third parties on our behalf, may use the information we collect for any lawful purpose, including, but not limited to, the following: To operate and improve the Web site, including to provide better services, products, and opportunities to visitors; To finalize your transactions; To notify you about services that may be of interest to you;To respond to your inquiries;For internal business purposes, including analytics and marketing purposes;To comply with the law and to maintain the security of our Web site; and/orAs otherwise disclosed at the time of collection or use for our internal business purposes which include furthering our internal interests and the interests of our members. Information SharingWe may share the information we collect with other parties, including: Partners including sponsors and exhibitors;As part of a corporate sale, merger, or acquisition, or other transfer of all or part of our assets including as part of a bankruptcy proceeding;Pursuant to a subpoena, court order, governmental inquiry, or other legal process or as otherwise required by law, or to protect our rights or the rights of third parties; orWith your consent or as otherwise disclosed at the time of data collection or sharing. We may share information that has been de-identified or aggregated, or any other technical information, without limitation. Occasionally, RIMS may make your postal and/or email address available to screened third-party organizations offering products or services that may interest you. Your contact information is never released directly to these organizations.  Data SecurityWe collect click-stream data and HTTP protocol elements through access logs. This information is not personally identifiable and is used for Web site and system administration including: research and development, user analysis and business decision-making.To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.RetentionYour information is retained within the secure RIMS database system. On an annual basis, RIMS will conduct outreach to contacts to verify, update and/or remove their demographic and contact information.  Your ChoicesWe may provide you with certain control regarding our collection, use, and sharing of information.  You can access and correct your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by going to www.rims.org/myprofile.  Additionally, if you would like to exercise choice regarding your information, including to access and correct your information, receive a copy of your information, or withdraw consent you previously provided, please contact us using the information in the “How to Contact Us” section below. You may also unsubscribe from our email publications by using the link provided at the bottom of the email.   To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identify before granting access or making corrections. Changes to Our Privacy NoticeIf our information practices change in the future, we will post these changes on this page.  Please visit this page periodically to learn of any updates. How to Contact UsShould you have other questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact us.