http://www.tip-edge.com/legal
Plus Brackets | Versatile Braces
Live Support Contact Us
Live Support
Home Why Tip-Edge PLUS? Testimonials Courses Tips & Techniques For Patients Case Studies
Purchase
Connect with Us:
TP Orthodontics, Inc. Legal & Privacy
T.P. Orthodontics has provided this website for the personal, educational and non-commercial use of consumers. By using this website, you acknowledge and accept the following Terms and Conditions. T.P. Orthodontics may revise and update these Terms and Conditions of use from time to time and users are responsible for becoming aware of such changes through the periodic review of these Terms and Conditions. Continued usage of this website after the posting of any changes to the following Terms and Conditions will be deemed acceptance of the changes on the part of the user. I. Privacy
All of us at T.P. Orthodontics guard your personal information as zealously as we guard our own. When you visit a T.P. Orthodontics website, you can be assured that your confidential information will remain private and not be shared with anyone without your permission. The T.P. Orthodontics website does not collect personally identifiable information regarding the users of its website unless such information is voluntarily provided by the user. We will not disclose your individual identity or personally identifiable information without your prior consent except as required by law. The websites of T.P. Orthodontics do not contain or collect any personally identifying information, but will collect information regarding the usage patterns associated with the user's personal computer. Information tracked is primarily used to improve and update the site and to provide site-traffic data, and is only made available on an aggregate basis for the sole purpose of providing information to the creators of this website. Voluntarily disclosed personally identifiable information may be used to track purchase orders, shipping requests, and the processing of your online orders. This policy does not protect information you post to any online bulletin board, chat room, links to other websites or other public forum within our site. You should be aware that when you voluntarily disclose personal information (e-mail address, medical conditions, etc.) on bulletin boards or in chat areas, that information can be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited messages from other participants or parties. II. Kids
If you are under the age of 18, please be sure to ask your parents for permission before you send any information about yourself to us or anyone else over the Internet. III. Parents
We encourage you to be involved with your kids' online experiences so you can be aware of what they are doing. For certain purposes we may use anonymous, aggregated data about our users, as mentioned above. If children choose to use our website, information regarding their usage patterns may be included in this anonymous, aggregated data. T.P. Orthodontics does not intend to collect any personal identifiable data from children under the age of 18. Children should only submit personally identifiable data with the express permission of their parents or legal guardian. IV. Copyright and Trademarks
This website and its entire contents, including any and all text, graphics, images, any and all software provided to facilitate the use of this website, and any and all trademarks, service marks, trade names or other proprietary materials appearing on the website ("Content") are, the sole and exclusive property of T.P. Orthodontics, Inc. T.P. Orthodontics authorizes you to view, download, and print the material provided for your personal, noncommercial use. None of the Content may be reverse-engineered, disassembled, decompiled, reproduced, transcribed, stored in a retrieval system, translated into any language or computer language, re-transmitted in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photo reproduction or otherwise), resold or redistributed without prior written consent of T.P. Orthodontics. The use of the Content on any other website or in a networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited.
© TP Orthodontics, Inc. 2005 V. Limitation of Liability
The material in the T.P. Orthodontics website is provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind either express or implied, including but not limited to any warranties of accuracy, reliability, title, merchantability, non-infringement, fitness for a particular purpose or any other warranty, condition, guarantee or representation, whether oral, in writing or in electronic form. T.P. Orthodontics does not represent or warrant that access to the service will be uninterrupted or that there will be no failures, errors or omissions or loss of transmitted information, or that no viruses will be transmitted on the service. T.P. Orthodontics shall not be liable to you or any third parties for direct, indirect, special, consequential or punitive damages allegedly sustained arising out of your access to inability to access the service, including for viruses alleged to have been obtained from the service, your use of or reliance upon the service or any of the information or materials available on the service, regardless of the type of claim or the nature of the cause of action, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.
You acknowledge that in connection with the websites of T.P. Orthodontics, information will be transmitted over networks, routers, servers, switches and other devices owned, maintained and / or serviced by third parties over which T.P. Orthodontics has no control. Accordingly, T.P. Orthodontics assumes no liability for or relating to the delay, failure, interruption or corruption of any data or other information transmitted in connection with use of a website by T.P. Orthodontics, Inc. VI. Forum Use Policy / Guestbook
Information posted on forums, guestbooks, bulletin boards, or similar portions of the T.P. Orthodontics websites ("Forums") maybe supplied by third parties. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information or content expressed or made available by third parties or any other user are those of the respective author(s) and not of T.P. Orthodontics, Inc.
You agree that you will not post any of the following material in any Guestbook which threatens or abuses others which is defamatory or libelous, or which is invasive of another's privacy; proprietary material of any third party; material which advocates illegal activity or discusses an intent to commit an illegal act; material for advertising or commercial solicitation; material which is vulgar, obscene, pornographic, or indecent; or material which does not pertain directly to the subject matter of the particular Forum.
T.P. Orthodontics reserves the right to monitor Guestbooks to determine compliance with these Terms and Conditions, as well the right to remove or refuse to post any posting, including any of the above postings upon discovery thereof. Notwithstanding these rights, users remain solely responsible for the content of their postings. You acknowledge and agree that neither T.P. Orthodontics nor any third party content provider will assume or have any liability for any action or inaction by T.P. Orthodontics or any third party content provider with respect to any posting on the Guestbooks. You will not (i) select or use a member name or e-mail address of another person with the intent to impersonate that person; (ii) use a user name or e-mail address subject to the rights of any person without authorization; (iii) use a member name in violation of the intellectual property rights of any person; or (iv) use a member name that T.P. Orthodontics, in its sole discretion, deems offensive.
Further, you hereby grant to T.P. Orthodontics the royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display any message posted in Forums (in whole or in part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media or technology now known or later developed. VII. Links to Third Party Websites
The T.P. Orthodontics website may contain links to third party websites, either provided as a convenience to the user or as part of a third party advertisement. T.P. Orthodontics does not endorse the content of linked third-party websites nor any products or services that may be offered thereon and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such third-party websites. If you decide to access linked third-party websites, you do so at your own risk. Your use of third-party websites is subject to any terms and conditions of use for such websites. VIII. Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold T.P. Orthodontics, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, and suppliers, harmless from and against any claims, actions or demands, liabilities and settlements, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting from, or alleged to result from, your use of the Content or any other portion or aspect of the website in a manner that violates or is alleged to violate these Terms and Conditions. T.P. Orthodontics shall provide notice to you promptly of any such claim, suit, or proceeding and shall reasonably cooperate with you, at your expense, in your defense of any such claim, suit or proceeding. IX. Miscellaneous
The T.P. Orthodontics websites are intended solely for the use of persons within the United States, its territories and possessions. Persons accessing or making any use of this website from outside of the United States do so at their own risk. By using this website, you agree to be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of courts in the state of Indiana and these Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of the state of Indiana regardless of choice of law principles.
This website may be produced for personal, educational, non-commercial purposes only. T.P. Orthodontics makes no warranties or representations that the information contained in the website is in every respect accurate or complete, and is not responsible for any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from the use of such. The information available on this website is not intended as a substitute for or to be used in lieu of professional medical advice. Always consult your physician or other qualified health care provider for medical advice and treatment.
In some instances, the information available through this website represents the opinions and judgments of the respective information provider. While T.P. Orthodontics makes every effort to provide accurate and reliable information, we neither endorse nor are responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any opinion, advice or statement made on this website by anyone other than an authorized T.P. Orthodontics employee spokespersons acting in their official capacities.
All of us at T.P. Orthodontics guard your personal information as zealously as we guard our own. When you visit a T.P. Orthodontics website, you can be assured that your confidential information will remain private and not be shared with anyone without your permission.
The T.P. Orthodontics websites do not collect personally identifiable information regarding the users of its website unless such information is voluntarily provided by the user. We will not disclose your individual identity or personally identifiable information without your prior consent except as required by law. The websites of T.P. Orthodontics do not contain or collect any personally identifying information, but will collect information regarding the usage patterns associated with the user«s personal computer.
Information tracked is primarily used to improve and update the site and to provide site-traffic data, and is only made available on an aggregate basis for the sole purpose of providing information to the creators of this website. Voluntarily disclosed personally identifiable information may be used to track purchase orders, shipping requests, and the processing of your orders.
This policy does not protect information you post to any online bulletin board, chat room, links to other websites or other public forum within our site. You should be aware that when you voluntarily disclose personal information (e-mail address, medical conditions, etc.) on bulletin boards or in chat areas, that information can be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited messages from other participants or parties. We use the best security technology available. Customers using credit cards at TP«s web site can be confident that their sensitive information is being transmitted safely and securely. TP has installed a Secure Server ID which is displayed as the seal here. What you see after double clicking on the Verisign logo is TP«s digital certificate. A digital certificate is the electronic equivalent of a business license. In physical transactions, the challenges of identification, authentication, and privacy are solved with physical marks, such as seals or signatures. In electronic transactions, the equivalent of this seal must be coded into a digital certificate. This seal proves that all data exchanges with our server are encrypted and/or altered. By using advanced cryptography, TP has worked with the Verisign company to create the most secure communications channel for customers placing orders over the Internet to T.P. Orthodontics. This is just another example of how TP intends to develop our on-line presence, with the same principles that have guided us for nearly 60 years -- trust, security, service and innovation.
We protect your personal information.
T.P. Orthodontics« online catalog is password protected and our website is protected behind an advanced firewall which prevents unauthorized users from accessing your information. TP does not and will not ever sell your name and other info to retailers.
History is demonstrating that online transactions are safe.
Information Collection TP«s web site may, at any course in time, ask users to enter contact information (like their e-mail address), general information (like their city and state), and demographic information (like their zip code, age, etc.). The site may also require unique identifiers (like a username and password) so that it can verify users when they access TPORTHO.COM. The contact information is used for sending users periodic e-mail updates on TP products and events. Users may opt out of receiving future e-mail updates by unsubscribing to TP«s electronic mailing list or by sending an e-mail message to TP«s Web Editor at webmaster@tportho.com.
The demographic information is used for, among other things, to tailor users« experiences at the TP web site, show them content that we think they may be interested in, and display site content according to their preferences. Putting a link to TP Orthodontics on your web site If you«d like to directly link TP Orthodontics, Inc. from your homepage, there are two ways to do so, either with a text link or one of TP«s graphic links. Simply select the style you prefer. We love it when people add TP Orthodontics, Inc. to your list of favorites or Bookmark our Web Site! Please understand that like all other forms of media certain legalities may apply. Please continue to review the information that follows.
TPORTHO.COM cannot be responsible for others who choose to link to us. Consequently, TP Orthodontics, Inc. is not and cannot be held responsible for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained on web sites linked to TP Orthodontics« web site.
Links from TPORTHO.COM to other web sites
In connection with your use of the TP web site, TP may provide you links to other third party web sites that are not owned, licensed, operated or controlled by TP and which contain content that is not owned, licensed or controlled by TP. This Agreement grants you no rights or licenses with respect to any Third Party Sites and you agree that your use of any such Sites shall be in accordance with any agreements or other governing rules applicable to those Sites. TP has no obligation to maintain or provide any Third Party Sites.
TPORTHO.COM currently has an associated links section of its web site. These links are provided solely as a convenience for our users and not an endorsement by TP Orthodontics, Inc. Occasionally, the web editor and staff will find a resource that is associated with the topics discussed within its web site. We make these links of our own free will. If you see your web site linked from TPORTHO.COM to your site and wish that the hyperlink be disconnected, please notify TP«s Web Editor immediately at webmaster@tportho.com. Copyright
All content included on TP Orthodontics« web site, such as text, graphics, logos, icons, images, audio clips and software, is the property of TPORTHO.COM (TP Orthodontics, Inc.). Again, all content on this site is the exclusive property of TP Orthodontics and is protected by U.S. and International copyright laws. The content on this site can be used as an information resource for private / personal use. Any other use, including reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display or performance, of the content on this site is strictly prohibited.
In general, TP Orthodontics, Inc. believes that people who make information available on the Internet do so with the expectation that such information will be widely and publicly available. If you intend to make use of any content accessed through TPORTHO.COM, we strongly recommend that you contact us first obtain our permissions for use at info@tportho.com or call us toll free at 1-800-348-8856.
© TP Orthodontics, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Trademarks and Patents TP Products are manufactured and / or sold under one or more of the following U.S. and foreign patents and trademarks.
Patents: U.S. 4,350,487; U.S. 4,365,783; U.S. 4,424,032; U.S. 4,427,381; U.S. 4,498,867; U.S. 4,516,936; U.S. 4,516,938; U.S. 4,609,350; U.S. 4,626,208; U.S. 4,676,747; U.S. 4,695,417; U.S. 4,781,582; U.S. 4,799,882; U.S. 4,842,512; U.S. 4,842,514; U.S. 4,877,398; U.S. 4,878,840; U.S. 4,900,250; U.S. 4,901,847; U.S. 4,904,188; U.S. 4,907,699; U.S. 4,921,423; U.S. 5,013,239; U.S. 5,017,132; U.S. 5,028,231; U.S. 5,035,614; U.S. 5,057,012; U.S. 5,096,416; U.S. 5,098,288; U.S. 5,106,296; U.S. 5,125,832; U.S. 5,133,659; U.S. 5,263,859; U.S. 5,306,142; U.S. 5,415,542; U.S. 5,620,321; U.S. 5,624,258; U.S.5,727,941; U.S. D-346,860 U.S. D-359,128 Canada 1,217,614; Canada 1,284,040; EPO 0317098; EPO0385563; EPO 0441063 B1; EPO 0455500 B1; Germany P38 85 598.4-08; Germany P690 08 586.9-08; Germany P38 88 926.9-08; Germany DE 690 16 995 T2; Germany DE 691 05 235 T2; Italy 20395BE/95; Japan 1,629,945; Mexico 170814.
Other U.S. and international patents pending. Advant-Edge, Bio-Arch, Bond-A-Splint, Bump-R-Sleeve, Co-Ax, Col-R-Lastics, crystal-Flex, Dentaloy, Differential Straight-Arch, Dumbbell, E-Links, Extend-O, Free-N-Easy, Gold Point, GripTite, High Hat, Indigo, Inter-Wafer, Lig-A-Rings, Lockaps, MXi, Norm-O, 1-to-1, Nu-Edge, Outrigger, Pastel Palates, Perfector, Position-ette, Pre-Finisher, Pre-Fit, PrimeKote, Reflex, right-On, Sep-A-Rings, Spring-Pin, Stickyring, Straight-Edge, Straight Shooter, Tip-Edge, Tongue-Away, TP, Twin-Edge, Varsity Guard, Zing String, Zing-O. TP Orthodontics Logo Use By copying the TP Orthodontics logo you may be granted a non-assignable, non-transferable and non-exclusive license to use the logo for the limited purpose of creating a link from your web site to http://www.tportho.com (TP Orthodontics, Inc.) You may not use the logo for any other purposes unless otherwise given written permissions by TP Orthodontics, Inc. Limitations of Warranties TP Orthodontics, Inc. warrants that its products are free from defects in materials and workmanship. TP«s liability and the customer«s sole remedy in the event of any claimed defect shall be limited to replacement of the product, or at TP«s discretion, refund of the purchase price. This warranty is in lieu of any other warranties, express or implied, including any implied warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or otherwise, and of any other obligations or liability on TP«s part. Other than the warranties listed above, under no circumstances will TP be liable for any loss, damages arising in connection with use, or inability to use, TP«s products. TP Orthodontics, Inc. is headquartered in LaPorte, Indiana, USA. All legal issues arising from or related to the use of the TP«s web site shall be construed in accordance with and determined by the laws of the State of Indiana. By use of this website, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of Indiana, USA. If for any reason you are dissatisfied with any of the materials or contents of TP«s web site or these Terms and Conditions, TP«s Privacy Policy, or other policies, your sole remedy is to discontinue use of WWW.TPORTHO.COM.
IN NO EVENT SHALL TP ORTHODONTICS, INC. OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO ANY USER OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR LOST PROFITS) RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE WEB SITE OR THE MATERIAL, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, INCLUDING TP ORTHODONTICS« OWN NEGLIGENCE, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE COMPANY IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILTY OF SUCH DAMAGES. Lastly, TP Orthodontics, Inc. does not warrant that WWW.TPORTHO.COM will operate error-free or that this web site or its server is free of computer mishaps. If your use of the web site or the material results in the need for servicing or replacing equipment or data, TP Orthodontics, Inc. is not responsible for those costs. Miscellaneous Information Nu-Edge¨ (MBT*) McLaughlin Bennett System - *TP Orthodontics« version of the MBT McLaughlin Bennett System is not claimed to be a duplication of any other, nor does TP imply that it is endorsed in any way by Drs. McLaughlin or Bennett.
Simplified
treatment plansNo need for temporary
anchorage devices
Added patient
comfort With extremely light
forces, only 1-3 ounces
Automatic
rotational control Provided by unique
tunnel design
Also available in ceramic Tip-Edge PLUS Aesthetic Brackets
featuring Personalized
Color-Matching Technology®
Legal & Privacy TP Orthodontics
Copyright © 2011
TP Orthodontics, Inc., All Rights Reserved.