http://www.dukascopy.com/swiss/english/legal-pages/privacy-policy/
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Important Disclaimer
Privacy Policy of Dukascopy Bank SA
V.05.06.2018
Introduction
We are strongly committed to protecting and safeguarding your personal data. The
present Privacy Policy of Dukascopy Bank SA (here-after "the Company") has been
implemented
in light of the EU's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) which benefits to the
residents of the European Union.
This Privacy Policy provides information on the processing and protection by the
Company of
personal data of natural persons residing in the EU.
EU residents accessing the Company's websites and applying for using its services shall
preliminarily read and accept the present Privacy Policy. By continuing to access and use
this
website or services you expressly confirm your acceptance of our Privacy Policy.
Definitions
Client – any natural person, who has been using or has expressed willingness to
use
services and other online resources (e.g. contests, online community, etc.) provided by
the Company;
Dukascopy Group – Dukascopy Bank SA incorporated in Swiss Confederation and its
representative offices, branches, Dukascopy Europe IBS AS, Latvia and SIA “Dukascopy
Payments” Latvia;
Privacy Policy – the present Privacy Policy of Dukascopy Bank;
Personal Data – any information related to an identified or identifiable
individual. For
further information please see Section 3;
Processing – any actions related to Personal Data for instance, but not limited to
collection, recording, storage, transfer, erasure, etc.;
Services – any services offered by the Company;
Website – www.dukascopy.com and www.dukascopy.bank
Categories of Personal Data That the Company Process
Dukascopy Bank SA, legal address: ICC, Entrance H, Route de Pre-Bois 20, 1215 Geneva
15, Switzerland, is the controller of Client’s Personal Data.
The Company processes certain Personal Data for the purposes specified under Section
4. Please note that the below list is not exhaustive and upon necessity the Company
may process other Personal Data, according to its Privacy Policy and other relevant
legal enactments.
Personal Data received from the Client:
Natural persons identification data – including, but not
limited to
name, surname, tax identification number, date of birth, details of
identification document (e.g. passport number or copies);
Contact information – address, telephone number, e-mail
address and
other if relevant;
Financial information – account number, account balance,
income,
wealth, transactions and other similar information;
Background and source of funds – information regarding the
education, the place of work, occupation, business activities if
any, employer if any;
Information relating to the use of services and their relation to
Clients preferences, habits etc. – such as information on
services
used, personal settings, surveys, contests and campaigns to which
the Client has participated;
Marital status and relevant third parties – individuals and
legal
entities connected to the Client account (e.g. POA holders,
authorised users, etc.), originators or beneficiaries of the
Client's transactions, etc.
Information collected automatically while using the Website or mobile or
online applications operated or owned by the Company:
Technical information and unique identifiers – Internet
protocol
(IP) address, login information, information about browser, time
zone, etc.;
Cookies used by the Company’s websites and its mobile
applications.
For more detailed information on the types of cookies and unique
identifiers the Company use and for which purposes, please refer to
Section 10.
It is the duty of the Client of informing third parties of this Privacy Policy in
case he passes to the Company Personal Data related to such third parties.
Grounds and Purposes for the Processing of Personal Data
The Company processes Personal Data if one of the following applies:
the processing of Personal Data is necessary to enter into and perform a
contract;
to comply with the Company’s legal obligations;
to protect the legitimate interests of the Company or of third party;
if the Company receives the Client's consent.
The Company primarily processes Personal Data for the following purposes:
to provide Services and free of charge online and mobile resources;
to send administrative information, including updates of policies and
changes to contractual terms;
to provide the Client with information about Services, products,
educational materials, upcoming events and other related information
that may be useful to the Client in relation to Dukascopy Group offers
and other resources;
to assess and mitigate risks related to anti-money laundering and
terrorism financing as well as transaction related risks;
to comply with legal obligations and/ or government authorities’
requests;
in relation to the Company’s legitimate interests.
Disclosure of Clients Personal Data
The Company is entitled to disclose Client’s Personal Data to selected third
parties, including:
within Dukascopy Group, including all offices and affiliates of the
Company, irrespective of their geographical location;
to selected third parties, including providers that deliver services to
Dukascopy Group under written agreements ensuring proper safeguards and
limitations with regards to Personal Data processing. This may include
companies providing IT, payment services, audit services, identity
verification, due diligence services, data analysis, marketing support,
cloud services and others;
to competent governmental, regulatory or other law enforcement agencies/
authorities.
Personal Data Transfers
The Client Personal Data is primarily processed within the European Economic Area
(EEA) and the Swiss Confederation. However, when it is necessary, Personal Data may
be transferred to third countries, as specified in this Privacy Policy.
The Company transfers or makes Client Personal Data accessible for processing
outside the EEA or the Swiss Confederation only when appropriate safeguards are in
place and if one of the following applies:
This is required under the laws and regulations;
This is necessary to enter into or to perform the agreements for the
Services;
The Client has given consent to the processing of his data outside the
EEA.
Retention Period
The period of retention of Personal Data depends on the purposes specified by the
Company.
In determining the retention period of Personal Data, the Company takes into account
contractual obligations, the legitimate interest of the Company and relevant legal
enactments (such as the regulation concerning anti-money laundering and terrorism
financing).
Client’s Obligation
The Client agrees not to hold the Company nor Dukascopy Group or any of their officers,
directors, employees and affiliates liable for losses of any kind, including financial,
suffered by the Client in case of use by a third party of Client’s confidential
information, for example the login and password either communicated to this third party
by the Client or obtained by the third party from the Client by an abusive/fraudulent
manner. The Client shall be solely liable for any such personal data disclosure to
unauthorised third parties.
Client’s Rights
Upon written request, the Client may receive a copy of his Personal Data that are
processed by the Company. If such request is excessive or repetitive, the Company
may refuse to provide the Client with copy of his Personal Data and the Company may
request a reasonable fee taking into account the necessary resources for preparing
such copy;
The Client may request the Company to correct his Personal Data;
The Client may request the Company to erase his Personal Data to the extent
permitted by law and other regulation applicable to the Company;
The Client may restrict the processing of his Personal Data by the Company to the
extent permitted by law and other regulation applicable to the Company;
The Client has the right to receive his Personal Data in structured, commonly used
and electronic format as well as to transmit it to another controller;
All aforementioned rights should be exercised in good faith and on written request
basis;
If your request or concern is not satisfactorily resolved by us, upon your written
demand, you may approach the Data State Inspectorate of the Republic of Latvia.
Cookies
The Company uses monitoring technologies such as cookies to provide efficient
operation of the Website to its visitors;
Cookie is technology based on small system files placed on browser during visit of
the Website;
The Company collects information about visitor’s device and uses cookies to:
customize Company’s Website features;
avoid re-entry of visitor’s data;
store visitor’s preferences;
gather information about usage of the Website.
The Company uses third party cookies, provided by third party web analytic services
such as Google Analytics;
Clients and Website visitors can configure their browser preferences and not to
accept cookies, however this may affect functionality of the Website;
Detailed information on cookies, their management and deletion can be found on the
website: www.aboutcookies.org
Contact Details
Should the Client have any questions or inquiries regarding the processing of his
Personal Data by the Company, he shall send an e-mail to: [email protected] or send
a letter to the postal address indicated on the Company’s Website: https://www.dukascopy.com.
Final Provisions
The Client agrees that the Company has the right to change its Privacy Policy at any
time without prior notice to the Client. The Company may freely use its Websites to
inform the Client about any changes in the Privacy Policy. The publishing of an
updated version of the Privacy Policy on the Company’s website(s) shall be deemed a
valid notification of changes to the Client. The Client undertakes to regularly
review the Company’s Website(s) and updates to the Privacy Policy.
The amendments to the Privacy Policy shall become effective on the date specified in
the Privacy Policy;
This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated at the top. It supersedes
all previous versions.