http://www.suzuki.com/CareersPage/privacystatement#opting-out
Suzuki Motor of America, Inc. ("SMAI") uses cookies on this site to ensure the best browsing experience by optimizing site functionality, analyzing site activity, and personalizing your experience. By continuing to use this site, you agree to SMAI’s use of cookies. For more information, please view SMAI's Privacy Policy.
Continue
Find a Dealer
Careers Overview
About Us
Benefits
Suzuki Careers
Diversity Statement
News & Updates
Employee Privacy Statement
Last updated: January 1, 2020
Suzuki Motor of America, Inc. (“Suzuki”) knows your privacy is important to you, and Suzuki’s aim with this Privacy Statement is to help you make informed choices about your personal information. This Privacy Statement explains what personal information Suzuki collects about you, what Suzuki does with it, and how you can control it in connection with Suzuki
websites, mobile apps, or other online services (the “Site”). This Privacy Statement also applies to the personal information Suzuki collects through hardcopy means.
You can navigate to any of the sections of this Privacy Statement using the links below:
Why Suzuki collects your information
How long Suzuki keeps your information
What information Suzuki collects about you
How Suzuki shares your information
Third-party analytics
How you can control your information
How Suzuki protects your information
Children’s personal information
Links to third-party websites
Changes to this Privacy Statement
Contact Suzuki
California Privacy Rights
Opting out of the sale of your personal information
Why Suzuki collects your information
The term "personal information" can have different meanings depending on applicable law. In general, Suzuki uses the term “personal information” to mean information that can uniquely identify you, but Suzuki will treat information Suzuki collects from you as personal information wherever necessary under applicable law.
Suzuki collects personal information about you for the following reasons:
For internal efforts to operate and improve our business. This could include:
Enabling your use of Suzuki services and fulfilling your requests for certain products and services.
Making the Site or Suzuki products better.
Developing new products or new content for the Site.
Using the information for internal financial activities like auditing, billing, and forecasting.
Performing data analysis to identify ways Suzuki may operate more efficiently or expand our business.
Verifying and maintaining the quality and safety of Suzuki products.
For fulfillment of your requests for a quote of Suzuki product.
There are instances where Suzuki requests and collects information which may be personally identifiable to provide the website visitor a service or correspondence (e.g., e-newsletters, promotions, mailed brochures, and/or quick quotes). This personal information, such as name, mailing address, e-mail address, type of request, and possibly additional information, is collected and stored in a manner appropriate to the nature of the data, and may be passed on to authorized Suzuki dealerships, data aggregators, and fulfillment associates. Once authorized Suzuki dealerships, data aggregators, or fulfillment associates receive this information that data also becomes the property of the dealerships, data aggregators, or fulfillment associates. Any request to opt out of future communications from such dealers or fulfillment associates must be made to the dealers or fulfillment associates directly.
For advertising and marketing purposes. This could include:
Sending you information on promotions or surveys Suzuki offers, or information about Suzuki and Suzuki events.
Enhancing and personalizing the content of our Site, Suzuki communications with you, and Suzuki advertising and marketing.
For sweepstakes, giveaways, or promotional events.
There will be times when Suzuki offers sweepstakes, giveaways, or other promotional events through this website. In such cases, Suzuki may ask you for personal information in order to process your entry. There may be other times Suzuki requests personal information. In all such cases, Suzuki may share personal information with certain carefully selected associated companies, all of whom have agreed to comply with state and federal law. Such associated companies may include, without limitation, the following: sweepstakes administrators, authorized Suzuki dealers, or financial institutions that provide financial services in connection with Suzuki products. By entering a sweepstakes or giveaway contest or by voluntarily sharing your personal information with Suzuki for this purpose, you agree to allow Suzuki
to share any and all such information with associated companies. If you do not agree to the sharing of such information, do not enter Suzuki
sweepstakes, giveaways, or promotional events.
For e-news and promotional emails. Suzuki offers free newsletters such as Suzuki e-news and occasionally send out promotional e-mails as a service to Suzuki
visitors. Suzuki sends e-mails only if the user has opted to receive communications from Suzuki through its websites or sweepstakes. If a user elects to use our referral service to inform a friend about our Site, Suzuki asks the user for the friend’s name and e-mail address. Suzuki will automatically send the friend a one-time e-mail inviting them to visit the site. Suzuki does not store this information and the information is used for the sole purpose of sending this one-time e-mail.
For general administrative purposes. For example, Suzuki may need your information to tell you about important changes to the Site, provide your registered account, or provide customer service to you. Suzuki may also need your information to administer promotions or programs Suzuki offers.
For social-media engagement. Suzuki uses social-media accounts (including Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Pinterest, and Instagram) to engage with the public. This engagement allows Suzuki to build online awareness about Suzuki and Suzuki products; respond to messages through the comment, message, or chat functions; collect aggregated information about interactions with our content; analyze trends; identify and profile brand advocates and key influencers; and conduct social-media listening of conversations about our company and Suzuki products. When you engage with Suzuki through our social-media channels, the platform providers will also process information about you. For further information, please consult the privacy policy of the platform provider.
For security purposes, as necessary to help Suzuki protect against, identify, or investigate fraud or other criminal activity.
For other legal purposes, if Suzuki has a legal obligation, or need to pursue or defend against legal claims, for which Suzuki needs to process your information.
For communication purposes, to get in touch with you in connection with any of the reasons discussed above.
How long Suzuki keeps your information
In general, Suzuki keeps your information for as long as Suzuki needs it to carry out the purposes described above, and as necessary to comply with our records-management policies. Suzuki also keeps your information as necessary to comply with other legal obligations Suzuki might have, such as in connection with litigation.
What information Suzuki collects about you
Information you provide.
Suzuki may collect your first and last name, email, street address, state, zip code, age, gender, demographic information, preferences, or other information you voluntarily send to Suzuki through the Site or through communications with us, including when you:
Register for a service
Subscribe to a mailing list
Enter into a contest, sweepstakes, or other promotion/offer
Request a rebate
Order a product
Comment on a social media post
Fill out a hardcopy form
Create an account
Contact Suzuki for any reason
Periodically, Suzuki may request visitors to provide information and feedback in the form of surveys. These surveys are voluntary and the visitor always has the option to decline. Any information collected will be used to evaluate the products and services of Suzuki.
Information gathered automatically.
If you visit our Site to read product information, Suzuki will gather and store certain information about your visit, directly or through our third-party analytics providers. The information that Suzuki collects does not personally identify you and cannot be linked back to you unless you decide at some point to identify yourself. If you are browsing, Suzuki may collect the following information: the type of browser and operating system used, the IP address, the date and time you access our Site, the number of times you have accessed our site, whether your computer is enabled for Java or cookies, browser language, application and plug-ins, the pages you visit and if you linked to this Site from another website, the address of that website. Suzuki uses this information to generate statistics and measure site activity to better provide you with a smooth and efficient experience in using our Site.
Suzuki (and third parties acting on our behalf) may collect this information directly from your browser interacting with our Site. Suzuki may also collect it through cookies and similar technologies, which typically work by placing a small file (like a text file or graphic) on your browser, and the file is used to identify your device and to collect information. In this Privacy Statement, Suzuki uses the term “cookies” in general to refer to these technologies. Cookies are typically assigned to one of four categories, depending on their function and intended purpose:
Essential Cookies: These cookies are necessary for our Site to operate properly and enable you to use its features.
Performance Cookies: These cookies collect information about how you use our Site and are used to improve and personalize future web experiences and deliver content more relevant to your interests. Our promotional communications may include these cookies to measure performance and deliver more relevant offers/content based on preferences.
Functional Cookies: These cookies allow our Site to remember choices you make and provide more personal features as well as services you have asked for. The information collected may be anonymized and is not used to track your browsing activities on other websites.
Marketing Cookies: Suzuki uses cookies to help Suzuki deliver our content and advertising. You can find more information below on advertising, including your choices with respect to these cookies.
Most browsers are set up to accept cookies automatically. You can deactivate the storing of cookies or adjust your browser to inform you before the cookie is stored on your computer. You can find more information about cookies and how they work at https://www.allaboutcookies.org/. In the case of third-party cookies for interest-based advertising, you can opt out of receiving interest-based ads from members of the Digital Advertising Alliance at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ for web properties or at https://youradchoices.com/appchoices for mobile apps.
Some browsers have “do not track” features that allow you to tell a website not to track you.
These features are not all uniform. Suzuki does not currently respond to those signals. Instead, Suzuki collects, uses, and shares information as described in this Privacy Statement regardless of a “do not track” choice.
Location-based information. When you access the Site, Suzuki may collect information related to your location through your device’s GPS, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, or IP address. Your device may provide ways to prevent sharing your location, like disabling location-based services or turning off your GPS, Wi-Fi, or Bluetooth. If you disable any location-based services on your device, you may not be able to use certain features of the Site.
Information from social media and other sources. Suzuki may collect information about you from other sources such as our affiliates, public and third-party databases, and other third parties. For example, if you elect to participate in analytics, communications, or marketing programs, including those offered or run by third parties, Suzuki may enhance your information by obtaining or merging that information with technical, cookie, or other data Suzuki collects or that Suzuki receives from third parties.
Suzuki may collect information when you interact with Suzuki through social media. And if you link our Site with a social media account, then Suzuki may collect certain information related to that account. You may have the ability to control what information is shared from your linked social-media account by adjusting the privacy settings for that account.
Suzuki also uses a third-party social-listening platform that compiles publicly accessible content on the internet in order to create aggregate reports that allow Suzuki to better understand our brand categories and more effectively market Suzuki products. This publicly accessible content may include personal information, such as your name or username in connection with a social media profile. To the extent Suzuki obtains any such information, Suzuki will maintain it in accordance with this Privacy Statement, and use it only for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement.
How Suzuki shares your information
Suzuki may share your information:
With affiliates and other companies in which Suzuki has an economic interest or ownership rights.
With others working for us, which includes third parties that perform services on our behalf such as running our Site, sending communications for us, and executing marketing programs and promotions.
With authorized Suzuki dealers and service providers, in order to enable them to provide you with the information, products, and/or services that you request.
With other third parties, such as law enforcement or other government entities: (1) if Suzuki believes there has been a violation of our Site policies; (2) if Suzuki believes that someone may be causing injury to our rights or property, to other users, or to anyone else; (3) to provide information to law enforcement; or (4) as required by law.
As part of a corporate restructure, such as a liquidation, reorganization, merger, sale of the company, consolidation, change of control, asset or stock acquisition/disposition, or other corporate combination. If that happens, Suzuki will use reasonable efforts to make sure the transferee uses your information in a manner consistent with this Privacy Statement.
Suzuki does not share your personal information with any third-party vendor or website owner for their own marketing purposes.
Third-party analytics
Suzuki uses third-party providers to collect and analyze information about your use of the Site. These providers may collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites and other online services using cookies and other tracking technologies discussed above in connection with your use of the Site. You may be able to manage how these providers collect information by changing your browser’s cookie settings.
Please consult the What information Suzuki collects about you section for more information about cookies. And remember that changes you make for one browser won’t carry over to other browsers you use.
Suzuki may have third-party analytics providers process your information for the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement. Some of the analytics services Suzuki uses are listed below. For information about how those services collect and process data, click on the accompanying links. Please note that Suzuki is not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties or the content provided in their privacy statements.
Google Analytics (www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/)
Adobe (https://www.adobe.com/privacy.html)
If you have additional questions, you may contact Suzuki at the address provided in the Contact Suzuki section below.
How you can control your information
Where you have provided your consent for Suzuki to use your information, you may request to withdraw that consent for future uses of your information. You may contact Suzuki at the address provided in the Contact Suzuki section below.
You may always opt out of receiving future commercial email or text messages from Suzuki by following the opt-out instructions in emails or texts Suzuki sends you, or by contacting Suzuki at the address provided below. Please be aware that if you opt out of receiving commercial messages from us, it may take up to ten (10) business days for Suzuki to process your opt-out request, and you may receive commercial messages from Suzuki during that period. Please note that if you opt out of future text messages, this opt-out list is separate from our email preferences and opt-out lists.
Even if you opt out of receiving promotional and marketing material, Suzuki may still correspond with you about your existing or past business relationships with Suzuki (e.g., any purchase of Suzuki products or use of Suzuki services, or responses to your requests for information either through the website or other means). Suzuki may also access and view your information in the course of maintaining and improving the Site and Suzuki services.
If you are a California resident, please consult the California Privacy Rights section below for your rights and additional considerations. If you are a Nevada resident, you may contact Suzuki by clicking here; call Suzuki at 1 (877) 697-8985; or mail at Suzuki Motor of America, Inc., Attn:
Customer Relations – Privacy Team, P.O. Box 1100, Brea, CA 92822-1100.
How Suzuki protects your information
Suzuki has implemented technical, administrative, and physical security measures designed to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use, and modification. Although Suzuki strives to keep your personal information secure, no security measures are absolute. Use caution when transmitting personal information over the Internet.
Children’s personal information
In light of the importance of protecting children's privacy, Suzuki does not collect, process or use on our Site any information relating to an individual whom Suzuki knows to be under 13 years old without the prior, verifiable consent of his or her parent or legal representative. Such parent or legal representative has the right, upon request, to view the information provided by the child and/or to require that it be deleted. Just contact Suzuki using the information provided below.
Links to third-party websites
Suzuki may provide links to other websites maintained by unaffiliated third parties for your convenience. But that should not be taken as our endorsement or approval of those websites or their content. Suzuki does not maintain those third-party websites and are not responsible for the availability, accuracy, or quality of their content. Suzuki makes no representations or warranties whatsoever about any other website which you may choose to access through our Site. You should review the terms and conditions related to the use of any third-party websites before using them.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
From time to time, Suzuki may update this Privacy Statement. When Suzuki does, Suzuki will post it on the Site and include the effective date of the update. If there are material changes to our Privacy Statement, Suzuki will post a prominent notice on our Site and provide other notice as required by law.
Contact Suzuki
For questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Statement or our privacy practices generally, you may contact Suzuki by clicking here; call Suzuki at 1 (877) 697-8985; or mail at Suzuki Motor of America, Inc., Attn:
Customer Relations – Privacy Team, P.O. Box 1100, Brea, CA 92822-1100.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Categories of personal information Suzuki collects, where Suzuki collects it from, why Suzuki collects it, and who Suzuki shares it with
Suzuki Motor of America, Inc. (“Suzuki”) collects information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular California consumer or household (“personal information”).
Suzuki uses the personal information Suzuki collects for our operational purposes or other purposes set out in this Privacy Statement. Those purposes may include
(1)	Auditing related to a current interaction with the consumer and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards.
(2)	Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity.
(3)	Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
(4)	Short-term, transient use, provided the personal information that is not disclosed to another third party and is not used to build a profile about a consumer or otherwise alter an individual consumer's experience outside the current interaction, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction.
(5)	Performing services on behalf of the business or service provider, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytic services, or providing similar services on behalf of the business or service provider.
(6)	Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.
(7)	Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business.
For additional information, see What information Suzuki collects about you, Why Suzuki collects your information, and How Suzuki shares your information.
In particular, Suzuki has collected one or more data types in the following categories of personal data from consumers within the twelve (12) months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Statement:
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Any categories of personal data described in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e), such as real name, social security number, driver's license number, passport number, physical characteristics, and postal address
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as gender and age.
Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer's interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement.
Geolocation data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Professional or employment-related information.
Non-public education information.
Inferences drawn from any of the information identified in this subdivision to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
For additional information, see What information Suzuki collects about you.
Categories of sources of personal data
Suzuki obtain the categories of personal data listed above from the following categories of sources:
Direct from consumers
Authorized Suzuki dealers
Third-party vendors
For additional information, see What information Suzuki collects about you.
Disclosure of personal information
In the past twelve (12) months, Suzuki has disclosed the following categories of personal information of California consumers for a business purpose:
Categories of Information
Categories of third parties disclosed to
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Vendors and service providers who perform services on our behalf
Our clients and business partners, including racing programs, technology consultants, and dealers
Government agencies as required by law
Any categories of personal data described in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e), such as real name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, physical characteristics, and postal address
Vendors and service providers who perform services on our behalf
Our clients and business partners, including racing programs, technology consultants, and dealers
Government agencies as required by law
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as gender and age
Vendors and service providers who perform services on our behalf
Our clients and business partners, including racing programs, technology consultants, and dealers
Government agencies as required by law
Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
Our clients and business partners, including racing programs, technology consultants, and dealers
Professional or employment-related information
Vendors and service providers who perform services on our behalf
For information on where Suzuki shares personal information, see How Suzuki shares your information.
Sale of personal information
In the past twelve (12) months, Suzuki has sold the following categories of personal information of California consumers:
Categories of Information
Categories of third parties sold to
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Vendors and service providers who perform services on our behalf. This includes transportation services.
Our clients and business partners, including racing programs, technology consultants, and dealers
Any categories of personal data described in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e), such as real name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, physical characteristics, and postal address
Vendors and service providers who perform services on our behalf. This includes transportation services.
Our clients and business partners, including racing programs, technology consultants, and dealers
Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
Our clients and business partners, including racing programs, technology consultants, and dealers
We do not sell personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
Your rights under California law
You have the right to ask Suzuki to send you the following information:
The personal information Suzuki has collected, used, disclosed, and sold about you.
The categories of personal information Suzuki has collected about you.
The categories of sources from which Suzuki collected the personal information.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom Suzuki shares personal information.
The specific pieces of person information Suzuki has collected about you.
You have the right to ask Suzuki to delete the personal information about you that Suzuki has collected or that Suzuki maintains.
You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information.
Opting out of the sale of your personal information
If you would like to request that Suzuki does not sell the personal information Suzuki has collected about you, you may contact Suzuki by clicking here:
Do Not Sell My Personal Information or mail at Suzuki Motor of America, Inc., Attn:
Customer Relations – Privacy Team, P.O. Box 1100, Brea, CA 92822-1100.
If you wish to use an authorized agent to submit an opt-out request, please follow the instructions provided below.
Non-discrimination
Your privacy rights are important. If you exercise your privacy rights under California law, Suzuki will not do any of the following in response:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
How California residents can submit requests
If you are a California resident and you want to submit a request to Suzuki regarding your California rights, you may contact Suzuki by clicking here; call Suzuki at 1 (877) 697-8985; or mail at Suzuki Motor of America, Inc., Attn:
Customer Relations – Privacy Team, P.O. Box 1100, Brea, CA 92822-1100.
If you submit a request to delete personal information, you must separately confirm the request. After receiving your request, Suzuki will send you a separate communication with instructions on how to confirm your request to delete.
Suzuki can only respond to your request if it is verifiable. This means Suzuki is obligated to take reasonable steps to verify your identity. Suzuki verifies your identity by matching the information you provide, such as vehicle information, including VIN, as part of your request with information about you Suzuki already has.
If necessary to verify your identity, Suzuki may ask you to provide additional information that will help Suzuki do so. Suzuki will only use that additional information in the verification process, and not for any other purpose. If Suzuki cannot verify your request, Suzuki will not disclose any personal information.
Suzuki does not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.
Authorized agents
If you wish to submit a request to know, delete, or opt out through an authorized agent, Suzuki requires the following before Suzuki can process the request:
A notarized copy of your signed, written permission authorizing the agent to make the request.
That you verify your identity directly with us.
Direct confirmation that you provided the agent permission to submit the request.
If your authorized agent has a valid power of attorney under California Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465, Suzuki may request proof of the power of attorney instead of the foregoing.
Suzuki may deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof you authorized them to act on your behalf.
ACCESSIBILITY
SAFETY RECALLS
DEALERS
MEDIA
GLOBAL
CAREERS
SITE MAP
PRIVACY STATEMENT
DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
LEGAL NOTICES
SUPPLIER CODE OF CONDUCT
© 2020 SUZUKI MOTOR CORPORATION