http://www.waynejune.com/privacy1.htm
Wayne June Voice Talent
Member: Better Business Bureau
Labeled with the Internet Content Rating
Association
Privacy Notice
This privacy notice discloses privacy practices for
www.waynejune.com.
Your privacy is very important to us and we will act in a responsible
manner with respect to any personal information that we may obtain from you. We
believe that this information should only be used to help us provide better
service to you. A summary of our policy is set out below.
This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site.
We only have access to information that you voluntarily give us via e-mail or
other direct contact from you.
We do not sell or rent this information to
anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason
you contacted us.
We do not share your information with any third party
outside of our organization other than as necessary to fulfill your
requests, e.g. to ship an order or demo.
Orders:
We may request information from you on an order
form. To do business, you must provide contact information (like name &
shipping address).
This information is only used to fill and process your
orders, in the course of which we will use this information to contact you.
Cookies:
We do not use "cookies" on this site. A Cookie is a
piece of data stored on a visitor's hard drive to help improve access to said
site and identify repeat visitors.
For instance, when using a cookie you
would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while
on that site. We do not use cookies on this site.
Links:
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not
responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites.
We
encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the
privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable
information.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, you
should contact us immediately via telephone at (203) 924-0285 or via
E-Mail: info@WayneJune.com
Labeled with the Internet Content Rating
Association