http://www.castello.net/privacy-policy-2/
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies whenever you access the Website www.castello.net
This Privacy Policy is regulated by the EU Regulation on the protection of personal data (EU 2016/679) (GDPR).
The Code guarantees that the personal data be processed in accordance with fundamental rights and liberties, as well as in respect of the dignity of the interested party, particularly as concerns confidentiality, personal identity and the right to protection of personal data.
1. References of Data Controllers
The controller of the processing of personal data of users who navigate on the Website www.castello.net is Regali Novelli Snc, with registered office in Via di San Marcello 21/22, 00187 – Roma, Italia.
The appointed Data Protection Officer, which you can contact to exercise your rights and/or for any clarification regarding the protection of personal data can be reached through the following contacts:
email: privacy@castello.net
Telephone: +39 06.6792852
Address: Via di San Marcello 21/22, 00187 – Roma – Italia
2. Type of processing Data
Through the Website are collected personal data pertaining to navigation, which is processed both for the purpose of allowing the Website to function properly, and for analysis purposes. To that end, please read the Cookie Policy on our Website.
3. Procedures for processing personal data
The personal data collected through the Website are processed using both manual and paper-based methods and tools, both computerized and telematic methods, adopting security measures so as to reduce the risks of destruction or loss of the data itself, even if accidental, to a minimum, along with unauthorized access of processing without consent or that does not conform to the purposes of collection that were indicated in this Privacy Policy.
4. Scope of personal data communications
Regali Novelli Snc communicates the personal data of the Website’s users solely within the limits allowed by law and in conformity with the terms noted below.
The personal data shall be processed and known by:
employees and consultants of Regali Novelli Snc which process the data as authorized subjects for the internal organization of company activities;
employees and companies performing specific technical and organizational services for Regali Novelli Snc that are related to the Website (data entry, hosting, IT services, marketing and communications services);
Furthermore, the data may be communicated to police forces, judicial authority, in conformity with the law and upon formal request by such parties.
Personal data shall not be disseminated, and shall be transferred abroad solely by guaranteeing suitable levels of protection and safeguards, according to the legal standards.
On this regard, the following is specified:
– The Website’s housing and data retention services are provided by Easy Space whose Privacy is governed by these guidelines ;
– The e-mail services that are accessed using our e-mail address to request information outside the site are provided by Gmail Privacy is governed according to these guidelines;
– Analysis services are provided by Google Analytics and Google Adwords, which use cookies to collect browsing data and produce aggregate and anonymous statistics. The Privacy is governed according to these guidelines
5. Data retention period
We will not hold your personal information in an identifiable format for any longer than is necessary.
For further information on this subject, please contact the Data Controller at the address indicated above or writing to privacy@castello.net
6. User rights
User always has the right to obtain the following from the Data Controller:
a) confirmation on whether your personal data is being processed and if so, to obtain access to your personal data and the following information:
1. the purposes of the processing;
2. the categories of personal data in question;
3. the recipients or categories of recipients that have received or will receive your personal data, in particular if these recipients are in third party countries or are international organizations;
4. when possible, the anticipated storage period of your personal data or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine this period;
5. whether you have the right to ask the Data Controller to correct or delete your personal data or the limits on processing your personal data or to oppose the processing of the data;
6. the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
7. in the event the data is not collected from you, all of the information available regarding its origin;
8. whether there is an automated decision process, including profiling, and, at least in these cases, significant information on the logic used, as well as the importance and consequences to you for this processing.
9. the suitable guarantees provided by the third party country (outside EU) or international organization to protect any transferred data
b) the right to obtain a copy of the personal data processed, again given that this right does not affect the rights and freedoms of others; for extra copies requested by you, the Data Controller may assign a reasonable fee based on administrative costs.
c) the right to edit any of your incorrect personal data from the Data Controller without unjustified delay
d)the right to have your personal data deleted by the Data Controller without unjustified delay, if there are the reasons outlined in the GDPR, Article 17, including, for example, if the data is no longer needed for processing or if the data is considered illegal, and again, if there are no conditions outlined by law; and in any case, if the processing is not justified by another equally legitimate reason;
e) the right to obtain limits on the processing from the Data Controller, in those cases outlined in Art. 18 of the GDPR, for example where you have disputed the correctness, for the period necessary for the Data Controller to verify the data’s accuracy. You must be notified, within an appropriate time, even when the suspension period has passed or the cause of limiting the processing has been eliminated, and therefore the limitation itself has been withdrawn;
f) the right to obtain information from the Data Controller on the recipients who have received the requests for any corrections or deletions or limits on the processing implemented, except when this is impossible or would create a disproportionate effort.
g) the right to receive your personal data in a structured format, commonly used and readable by automatic devices as well as the right to forward this data to another Data Controller without obstruction from the original Data Controller, in those cases outlined by Art. 20 of the GDPR, and the right to obtain direct forwarding of your personal data from one Data Controller to another, if technically feasible.
The rights noted above may be exercised by sending a request to our Data Controller at the address indicated above or writing to privacy@castello.net
7. Changes to the Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be subject to change over time – also in relation to the entry into force of new industry regulations, the updating or availability of new services or technological innovations – and therefore the user/visitor is invited to periodically consult this page.
This Privacy Policy was updated the 25th of May, 2018.