https://www.unlockit.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footerPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy Information as of May 25, 2018
When you visit an Entelechy, Inc. website, we collect and store information about your visit. We may also engage other companies to do this on our behalf. Examples of the kind of information we, or third parties we engage, track include which pages you view on our site, the site you visited just before coming to ours, keywords you used in your search, your company name and the name of your Internet service provider. We use this information to develop ideas for improving our site, our products and services and for better marketing of our products and services. We do not make any attempts to link this information with you as an individual.
There are also various forms on our website that ask for personal information about you, such as your name, phone number, and email address. If you tell us any personal information, we use it only to contact you in response to your request or to provide you with information that we think you may be interested in receiving. If you inform us that you do not want to receive any information that you have not specifically requested, we will honor your request. We will not sell or otherwise disclose your information to any other company.
At Entelechy, Inc. our Data Privacy and Records Management Policy is a commitment to protecting the privacy of client and web site visitor personal data. Entelechy, Inc. makes every reasonable effort to protect the privacy of data collected when individuals visit our sites.
Entelechy, Inc. employs professional security personnel and takes technical and organizational measures designed to prevent unauthorized access, use, alteration, or disclosure of privacy data collected vian Entelechy, Inc. sites. We try to be both selective and proactive in checking the security background for certain external social media sites and other sites that we come in contact with but do not control.
As an Entelechy, Inc. site visitor does GDPR and other similar data privacy and records management requirements apply to my data?
Companies within the EU, or who are externally located controllers and processors of the personal privacy data of EU residents in the context of collecting privacy data while soliciting and providing goods or services, will need to comply with GDPR. Entelechy, Inc. has adopted GDPR as our worldwide standard for data privacy. As an Entelechy, Inc. site visitor, we do collect your business contact information. However, we may also collect or process privacy data for the purpose of providing additional services. We are very aware that combining multiple data elements, even if not considered personal data when taken alone, may result in them being considered personal privacy data when combined into a listing.
We may move your data within or to locations outside of the European Economic Area (EAA). These data transfers are legal under GDPR as long as we adhere to the requirements for legal processing. We encrypt all data in transit and in storage.
Entelechy, Inc. has evaluated our obligations under GDPR, in part, based on: (1) the type of visitor data that we collect via our sites, and (2) the legal basis on which you rely for the protection of your data. We will exercise data privacy stewardship on all of our sites.
How will my personal information be used and shared by Entelechy, Inc. for internal management of their sites?
The personal information we collect in our various sites allows us to:
respond to your inquiries;
provide the information, products and services you have requested;
verify your identity and details of your payment method or credit card amount;
administer our sites and provide user services;
meet legal, regulatory and compliance requirements;
gather management information to form statistical and trend analysis;
communicate with you;
investigate any complaints about our sites;
personalize your experience of the sites;
contact you about our products and services which we think might be of interest to you (where we have the appropriate permissions to do so);
employ the services of third party service providers to help us in certain areas, such as site hosting and maintenance.
In some cases, the third party may receive your information. However, at all times we use third parties, we will control and be responsible for the use of your information and place contractual requirements on privacy data shared with our sub-processors.
If you provide a credit or debit card, we may also use third parties to check the validity of the sort code, account number and card number you submit in order to prevent fraud as well as to process any transaction you attempt via the website.
If false or inaccurate information is provided and fraud is identified, we will follow legal processes if details will be passed to fraud prevention agencies. Law enforcement agencies may access and use this information. We and other organizations may also access and use this information to prevent fraud and money laundering, for example when:
checking details in applications for credit and credit related or other facilities
managing credit and credit related accounts or facilities
recovering debt
checking details on proposals and claims for all types of insurance
checking details of job applicants and associates.
Where does Entelechy, Inc. store my privacy information?
Entelechy, Inc. stores privacy data in data centers in the United States. These are certified centers: SOC 1 Type 2, SOC 2 Type 2, and ISO (International Standards Organization) 27001. (SOC – Service Organization Controls reports (1-3) of the AICPA (American Institute of Certified Public Accountants). ISO 27001 is one of the most recognized worldwide information technology security standards. SSAE 16 and ISAE 3402 – 22451 and PCI – Data 2334 Security Standard (SSAE – Statement on Standards for Attestation Engagements (#16 & 18), PCI – Payment Card Industry, Data Security Standard ((PCI-DSS)).
What constitutes personal privacy data?
Any personal information related to a natural person (called a ‘data subject’ by GDPR) that can be used to directly or indirectly identify the person when not encrypted and used individually or in combinations to create a profile.
Personal privacy data is a very broad range of personal information and can be any information item that might be used to create a profile beyond what Entelechy, Inc. considers basic business contact information of name, business address, business phone, business email and business title or business job. Personal privacy information would be: an identifiable photo; identifiable voice recordings; fingerprints; biometric data; a personal email address, home phone number, home address; numbered identifiers – bank account, credit information and credit card, passport, country identification and driver’s license numbers and social security; family member information; medical information; political opinions; sex, sexual preferences; computer IP address; data on children; travel profiles; trade union membership; criminal records. Some countries consider some of these listed items as Sensitive Personal Identification Information (SPII).
What is the difference between a data processor and a data controller?
A controller is the entity that determines the purposes, conditions and means of the processing of personal data. A controller can be a processor. A site owner is a controller.
A data processor is an entity which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.
Entelechy, Inc. is a controller and/or a processor at varying times in our conduct of business.
Is Entelechy, Inc. a data processor or data controller in regard to my personal data?
Entelechy, Inc. acts as a data controller and in some cases is also a processor (or sub-processor) for personal data provided to Entelechy, Inc. through our customers, by individuals and other third parties such as partners.
If you as a data subject provide your personal data directly to Entelechy, Inc. (such as a site visitor, a forum or conference attendee, a site browser, etc.) Entelechy, Inc. acts as the data controller for that personal data. Note, if Entelechy, Inc. also processes that personal data in some fashion, Entelechy, Inc. also qualifies as a data processor in regard to that personal data.
Is Entelechy, Inc. organized to manage the data processor obligations imposed by the GDPR and other similar laws and regulations?
Entelechy, Inc. established a Data Protection and Records Management Committee and appointed Data Protection Officers (DPOs) to manage the program and comply with GDPR. The Committee is tasked with instituting Entelechy, Inc.’s internal data privacy compliance initiatives.
For Entelechy, Inc., keeping site visitor data secure is a high priority. Along with ensuring data security, it is important that a site visitor’s confidence is always maintained and a high level of security around processes and protection is strongly administered.
At Entelechy, Inc., we strongly value and base our business on the trust that our site visitors, associates and customers have placed upon us. We will continue to earn and reinforce that trusted relationship by cooperating with requests related to GDPR and other country data privacy obligations.
Entelechy, Inc. is committed to taking advanced measures to support and continuously enhance the security of our systems, to ensure that we collect and process personal data in a manner compliant with GDPR or any similar legislation.
Entelechy, Inc. management strongly believes that information technology security/compliance is a key business service. Information security objectives and strategy must be continually aligned with Entelechy, Inc.’s business strategy and objectives.
When does Entelechy, Inc. delete client data?
Entelechy, Inc. deletes client data, including backups based on our records management schedule. In some cases that can be shortly after you leave one of our sites. Web and social media privacy information is deleted after you finish browsing or have opted out of receiving our communications or you have been unresponsive to our inquiry messages for a period of time. If you acknowledge our site use rules to continue browsing or you agree when specifically requested to opt-in your information is transferred to our secure customer relations management database. In some cases we are legally and contractually required to keep some data for more extended periods of time consistent with the lawful processing provisions of GDPR. Data is held in various categories in our records management deletion schedules. These data retention categories range from nearly immediate up to seven (7) years unless there is a longer legal requirement. For more information about data retention times please contact us.
Does Entelechy, Inc. provide clients with the option to delete client data?
Entelechy, Inc. supports the deletion of client data; however, such a request needs to be in writing and needs to be done in conjunction with Entelechy, Inc.’s Technical Support team in the event it is not a temporary storage item like non-persistent web and social media cookies.
What are Entelechy, Inc. site cookie policies?
Use of Cookies – Practices and Procedures
Entelechy, Inc. uses cookies for a variety of purposes such as remembering your preferences, measuring your activity on Entelechy, Inc. websites, mobile sites and mobile applications (“sites”) or optimizing your user experience. Disabling cookies on your internet browser will stop tracking of any part of your visit to pages within the site. All traffic (transferal of files) between the site and your browser is encrypted and delivered over HTTPS or secure socket layer protection.
Cookie Settings
The types of cookies Entelechy, Inc. and others may place on your device are described below.
Entelechy, Inc. will read or set only the types of cookies that are strictly necessary for quality browsing or specifically allowed by your browser preference settings.
Entelechy, Inc. only places cookies that set your preferred language, deliver specific content based on visit history, and give access to various sections of the sites.
Cookies set by our sites will remain on your device, but Entelechy, Inc. will not access or use those non-strictly-necessary cookies. You may remove them using functionality provided by your browser. Please note that cookies are specific to the browser or device you use, as well as to the domain, and you will therefore have to configure your preferences again if you change your browser or devices, or visit a different domain.
How do you use web beacons?
Some of our web pages may contain electronic images known as web beacons (sometimes known as clear gifs) that allow us to count users who have visited these pages. Web beacons collect only limited information which includes a cookie number, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page on which the web beacon resides. We may also carry web beacons placed by third party advertisers. These beacons do not carry any personally identifiable information and are only used to track the effectiveness of a particular campaign.
How do you use social media widgets?
Entelechy, Inc. sites can include certain social media features, such as the Facebook button. These features may collect your IP address, may collect which page you are visiting on our sites, and may set a cookie to enable such feature to function properly. Social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our sites. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
How do you use blog information?
Should you choose to add a comment to any posts that we have published on our sites for example in a blog, the name and email address you enter with your comment will be saved to the site’s database, along with your computer’s IP address and the time and date that you submitted the comment. This information is only used to identify you as a contributor to the comment section of the respective blog post and is not passed on to any of the third-party data processors. Only your name will be shown on a site that is public-facing. Your posted comment(s) and its associated personal data will remain on this site until we see fit to either 1) remove the comment, or 2) remove the blog post. Should you wish to have the comment and its associated personal data deleted, please email us with your contact information using the email address that you commented with.
If you are under 18 years of age we request you obtain parental consent before posting a comment on our blog and sites.
NOTE: You should avoid entering personally identifiable information to the actual comment field of any blog post comments that you submit on this site.
How do you use contact forms and email Links?
Should you choose to contact us using a contact form on our sites or an email link, the data you supply will be stored in our customer relationship management database or may be passed on to be processed by a third-party data processor(s). We do retain information from data requests in our customer relationship management system. Collated and transferred data is encrypted before being sent across the internet. We do not sell personal information.
How do you use information we provide to you?
As a compliance philosophy Entelechy, Inc. makes every effort to apply a data minimization approach in our privacy data gathering and storage activities. We do collect and hold some personal information you give us. These are the general types of information we may collect from you:
Registration and Profile Information
We try to gather only the most necessary information for the involved inquiry or purpose. When you enter or register to use our site, our services, to receive information, to participate in our events, and create or update your forum profiles, we may collect various kinds of information about you. For example, we may collect: your name; postal address; phone number; fax numbers and email address; your log-in ID and password; your title; company; and other business related or event specific profile information you provide; demographic information; and information linked with your profile such as comments you may post. We need this information to be able to respond to you, secure the site and provide services as applicable.
Information We Automatically Collect
When you visit our site or use Entelechy, Inc. site services, as do many companies, some information is collected and recorded automatically such as your computer’s operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, browser type and language, and the website you visited before our corporate sites, so we are aware of transfers and linking for security due diligence (blocking and enhancing) of our site and to protect you the user. This is logged automatically and stored in log files. We also collect information about your usage and activity on our corporate sites. We may tie your IP address to information we automatically collect on our corporate sites. We may also tie information we automatically collect with personal information, such as your login ID and information you give us for a registration. We use our own products, and products of third parties acting on our behalf, to analyze, optimize, securely protect and improve our site.
Entelechy, Inc. will also collect information on your usage to ensure the security of the data we collect on behalf of our clients. You cannot opt-out of this collection and processing as it is necessary to ensure the security of the service we provide for our sites and for our clients.
We use cookies to collect information allowing for analytics, user experience and session tracking, as well as video use tracking. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our site may be limited.
Entelechy, Inc. may also use device-recognition technologies combined with other identifiers to create cross-browsers and cross-devices identities to provide you with better services and security.
In Entelechy, Inc.’s commitment to data protection, what steps have been taken to protect my data?
Entelechy, Inc. initiated a data privacy data management compliance review and update effort beginning in December 2017 to ensure alignment with the May 2018 requirements of the European Union (EU) General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other similar privacy data regulatory obligations coming into force around the world. These efforts are companywide, ongoing and driven by a chartered committee sponsored by senior corporate leaders. We meet regulatory requirements, to include these examples:
We have not identified any information technology shortfalls in data privacy transmission and storage encryption.
Privacy data owners’ storage information submissions are being continuously catalogued and are annually updated.
We have standard contract language amendments for subcontractors/processors in-place.
We have inventoried all of our web and social media sites to evaluate our privacy policy statement status and have been taking enhancement actions as periodically required.
A new Company master policy on data privacy and records management supporting our due diligence and transparency requirements for the new privacy protection laws is in effect.
In addition to internal efforts, Entelechy, Inc. employs security professionals and takes technical and organizational measures designed to prevent unauthorized access, use, alteration, or disclosure of privacy data collected via Entelechy, Inc. sites. Further, Entelechy, Inc. has more than 25 years of experience in operating highly-secured solutions with security controls that are continuously updated to meet industry standards and address emerging threats.
EU-U.S. Privacy Policy Framework
In our delivery of training activities and consulting services we are sometimes contractually required to conduct business operations processing wherein we collect client employee, vendor and client customer privacy data on behalf of our clients and for our internal services processes. We also may collect limited categories of privacy data from individuals that visit our web and social media sites. This information is stored in secure sites. We encrypt our data in transit and in storage.
We use or intermittently use contracted assistance to process Entelechy, Inc. payroll, human resources and related associate services and in doing so we necessarily disclose personal information to accomplish these processing operations.
We acknowledge that individuals have the right to inquire about and access their data.
Entelechy, Inc. is required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
We make efforts to limit the collection, use and disclosure of personal data to help protect personal privacy. We will discuss with you your specific request to limit use of your data if you choose to restrict the use of privacy data. We most likely cannot make exceptions for required legal, regulatory, contractual and personal public safety contact information erasure requests. The discussions will include the alternate processes and consequences of the alternative processing methods available to accomplish the same necessary services affected by your request, up to and including deleting data if that is an option.
Entelechy, Inc. is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
An individual has the possibility, under certain conditions, for the individual to invoke binding arbitration when seeking more restrictive data privacy remedies from Entelechy, Inc.
Entelechy, Inc. understands that it may not be absolved of liability in cases of onward transfers of privacy data to third parties.
Additional Information
Entelechy, Inc. commits to respond to inquiries about our collection or use of your personal information. EU, UK and individuals worldwide with inquiries regarding our privacy policy should contact us at:
Entelechy, Inc.
P.O. Box 221
Silver Lake, NH 03875 USA
This policy is in effect as of May 1, 2018 and is subject to change without notice. Modifications to this policy shall be posted on this web page and available through unlockit.com. All rights reserved, Entelechy, Inc.
--------------------------------------------------------
Privacy Policy Information from January 1, 1992 through May 24, 2018:
Entelechy, Inc. is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust, and accordingly maintains the following privacy policy to protect the personal information you provide.
Information gathered by use of the web site, such as IP Address, Internet Browser, Operating System, Geographic Location and general systems settings are collected and maintained in an effort to improve the level of service and inter-activity offered by the web site. Information collected through user interaction with this website such as, but not limited to entering personally identifiable information such as name, address, email address, telephone number(s), etc. on this website become the property of Entelechy, Inc.
Information gathered through this website, whether through active or passive methods will not be sold, rented or otherwise provided to entities not owned by or in partnership with Entelechy, Inc. for the sole purpose of advertising or selling Entelechy, Inc. equipment and services.
Entelechy, Inc. does not knowingly collect data from individuals under the age of thirteen.
This policy has been in effect since January 1, 1992 and is subject to change without notice. Modifications to this policy shall be posted on this web page and available through the unlockit.com and unleashyourleadership.com websites. All rights reserved, Entelechy, Inc.
Invest in your leaders today.
Let’s work together.
Contact Us
FooterSections
Home
About
Products & Services
Results
Resources
Free Tools
Contact
Looking for Something?
Search this website
Contact Us
info@unlockit.com
1.800.376.8368
PO Box 221, Silver Lake, NH 03875 USA
LinkedIn
Translate »
0