http://www.paperrose.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
home
brands
web shop
eco statement
award winners
contact
paper rose privacy policy
About this PolicyPaper Rose Limited have and continue to take your privacy seriously. Where we process personal data about you, through our contact us pages on this website, or when placing orders with us, we are classed as the Data Controller. This means that it is our responsibility to ensure that your privacy rights and freedoms are protected and that your personal data is processed safely and securely at all times. On 25th May 2018, the data protection regulatory landscaped changed with the introduction of the UK Data Protection Act 2018 and EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The purpose of both are to enhance and harmonise the obligations on organisations across the UK, Europe and rest of the world. This Privacy Policy explains what types of personal information we hold and how that information is used so please read it carefully. By providing personal data to us in any way, you consent to our use of your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.Why do we process personal data?Paper Rose Limited processes certain personal information about visitors to our website and people who may contact us in other ways such as over the phone or by writing to us. This might include information from enquirers, customers and people who may be interested in working with us.We will also process similar data for the purpose of processing your orders. For example, in order that we can invoice and deliver products to you we will need to take an address, contact details and payment information. In most instances the lawful basis by which we process our data are under lawful, contract or legitimate interests. We do not need to seek your consent to process your data in addition to the lawful basis described above, however, where we would like to keep you informed of new products and services, for which there is not another lawful basis, we will ask for your consent prior to sending any information to you. Where this is the case you will be clearly notified and provided the opportunity to withdraw that consent at any time.The type of personal data we processThe personal data which we process from you will usually include at least your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address.If you contact us about a trade account then we will also collect details about your business and your role in it for example, if you are a partnership we will require details about your business interest and may also require details about your business partners. This is all information which we may retain on our records for future reference.If you contact us through our website (including if you complete a contact form), by telephone, email or if you write to us, the content of those communications may also include personal data and we may also keep a copy of that correspondence on our records.If you provide us with information about any other person, for example any other individuals within your organisation or your business partners, then you must ensure that you have consent to pass those details to us and for us to use those details in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You should also make sure that you bring this Privacy Policy to their attention.We might in some cases, collect more detailed information from you, including sensitive personal data. This will include if you respond to a job advertisement, send us a CV or an enquiry about working with us or if you are an artist or designer and are interested in working collaboratively on artwork. For example, we might ask you for information about any disabilities that you may have in order for us to make reasonable adjustments if necessary for example, if you attend an interview or meeting with us.How we use personal dataWhen we process personal information from you, it will be held on our records and used for the proper administration of our business, including where relevant, for the purposes of providing our products, account management, dealing with invoicing arrangements, sending out our latest brochures and to tell you about matters relevant to our products. We might also use your personal details to deal with any enquiries or complaints which you may raise or if you report any problems with our site and to contact you and deal with those issues as appropriate.We may also from time to time, use your personal information to send marketing information to you but will only do so where you have confirmed that you agree to receive such information or if we are sending you information about products similar to those which you may have bought from us before. If at any time you wish to stop receiving that type of information then you can contact us at any time, using the contact details shown below.We may also use your information for other business purposes such as market research activities that we may undertake on occasion. This may also involve the collection of survey information, involving opinions on our products or may include technical information such as Internet Protocol (IP) address information used to connect your computer to the Internet or traffic data about visits to our website and the products searched for or viewed.Disclosure of personal data to third partiesFrom time to time we might also appoint external third parties to help us with our business functions for example, external consultants and sub-contractors. These might include delivery contractors, marketing consultants or companies who help us to manage our website. We therefore, may make your data available to those entities if reasonable to do so as part of our usual business practices. When we make your personal data available to such third parties, we will only make available to them, the data that they need to perform their obligations to us and under contract.If you are an account holder and customer, we will disclose your data to third party credit reference agencies and to any trade referees who you may refer us to so that we can take up appropriate references and perform necessary checks. We will keep the details of such checks on our records and may also disclose those details to third parties for the purpose of ongoing risk assessment.Security and standardsWe take the issue of data privacy seriously. We have measures in place which are aimed at helping keep your data secure and we take reasonable steps to protect the confidentiality of the personal information supplied by you. We use certain security software which helps to keep our electronic records secure (although this cannot be guaranteed) and also have procedures in place to help keep our paper records secure. We also only disclose your details to those individuals within our organisation who have a need to know them for the proper performance of their duties.Please note however, that the transmission of information via the internet can never be guaranteed as entirely secure and therefore any transmission of data is at your own risk.Where you have a password, you are responsible for keeping the password confidential. Do not share the password with anyone.How long do you keep my personal data?We only process your data for the period of time necessary to carry out the purpose it was collected for, or as is prescribed by law or industry best practice standards.Your rightsData protection laws offer you several rights, of which we we have summarized below. You have a right of access to the personal data what we process about you. You may submit a request at any time and you are entitled to a description of the data being processed and may be entitled to receive a copy of it. Any such requests should be made in writing and should be addressed to Paper Rose Limited, Riverside House, Centurion Way, Nottingham, NG2 1RW.We also have an obligation to ensure that the information which we hold about you is accurate and up to date. You have the right to ensure that any inaccuracies in your personal data are corrected or removed. To assist us in ensuring that the personal data which we hold about you is accurate, please notify us of any changes in your personal details (such as a change of address or telephone number). You can do so by contacting us on the details below:Paper Rose Limited Riverside HouseCenturion WayNOTTINGHAMNG2 1RWTel: +44 (0)115 986 0115Fax: +44 (0)115 986 0116Email: customerservices@paperrose.co.ukWhere we have obtained consent to process your data you may withdraw the consent at any time. You can do this by sending an email to customerservices@paperrose.co.uk, stating your name, company details and or any other information. Please note that where there is another lawful basis pertaining to the processing of your personal data, or the nature of the data, your rights to object or erasure may not apply. We will notify you of this should this be the case.Our RightsWe may disclose personal information where required to do so by law, to exercise our legal rights or defend ourselves against legal claims and may share information with law enforcement authorities to investigate or prevent illegal activities being committed over our network.We may also monitor user and network traffic for site security purposes and may use any information, including personal data to prevent any unauthorised attempts to tamper with our website or cause damage to our property. We also reserve our rights to disclose your personal information either where you have given us explicit consent to do so or otherwise where we may do so in accordance with applicable data protection legislation.Site LinkingFrom time to time, we may provide links on our website to third party sites. We cannot be responsible for any use of your personal information which arises from you disclosing personal data to third parties. We suggest that you review the privacy policy statements of those sites you visit.CookiesThis website uses cookies. You can find out more information about cookies and the way in which we use them in our Cookies Policy which you can access here.Changes to this policy and enquiriesWe may change this Privacy Policy or update it at any time. Where possible, we will notify you of any changes in a timely manner. We also encourage you to review this policy from time to time to ensure that you understand our processing arrangements. If you have any enquiries about this Privacy Policy or the way in which we use your personal data, please contact us on the details set out above.
find us
Riverside HouseCenturion WayNottinghamNG2 1RW
contact us
+44 (0) 115 986 0115customerservices@paperrose.co.ukPrivacy Policy
|
Cookies
|
Terms (C) Paper Rose Ltd. 2020. All rights reserved.
follow us
Share by: