http://www.apax.com/terms-conditions/
Apax Digital
Apax Global Alpha
InvestorsInside ApaxCompanyHistoryFundsGovernance & complianceValuesApproachPeopleInvestorsReportsApax thought leadershipPortfolio company reportsApproachProcessSectorsTech & TelcoServicesHealthcareConsumerPracticesDigital ExpertiseCapital MarketsOperational ExcellenceInvestmentsTech & TelcoServicesHealthcareConsumerAll investmentsResponsibilitySustainabilitySustainable investmentPortfolio monitoringApax Sustainability CommitteeApax India CSRApax FoundationSocial mobility and social entrepreneurshipApax staff 'matching' schemeSocial investmentsImpetus - The Private Equity FoundationNewsPress releasesApax in the newsMedia kitVideo library
Search
View print basket (  ) Follow usShare this pagePrint this pageAdd to print basket
Print basket
Terms & conditions
Important information
Please read the following information carefully. By accessing this website (this "Site") you confirm you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. If you do not accept these terms and conditions, you should not continue to access this Site.
Nothing on this Site is intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to buy or sell investments of any description in any jurisdiction, nor to recommend any investment service or transaction. In accessing this Site, you are responsible for compliance with local laws and regulations.
Company information
Except where otherwise expressly stated, the information on this Site has been approved for issue in the UK by Apax Partners LLP which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") and subject to the FCA's rules and guidance, details of which can be found on the FCA's website at www.fca.org.uk. The FCA is one of the UK's financial services regulators and is located at 25 The North Colonnade, Canary Wharf, London E14 5HS. The details of Apax Partners LLP are as follow:
Apax Partners LLP, a limited liability partnership
Registered Office: 33 Jermyn Street, London, SW1Y 6DN
Registered in England No. OC303117
VAT No. 877 4823 72
FCA No. 222963
Email address: Communications@apax.com
Use of Site information
The information, materials and opinions on this Site (the "Information") are intended to describe the activities of Apax Partners. For the purposes of these terms and conditions, "Apax Partners" (and "we" and "us") shall mean Apax Partners LLP, Apax Partners UK Ltd, Apax Partners Europe Managers Ltd and their affiliates and its or their partners, members, directors, officers and employees, as the context requires. Apax Partners LLP, Apax Partners UK Ltd and Apax Partners Europe Managers Ltd are authorised and regulated by the FCA. Some entities in the Apax Partners group are not authorised and regulated by the FCA and the Information may relate to unregulated business.
Although we have used reasonable efforts to obtain and provide information from sources we believe to be reliable, we make no representation that the Information is accurate, reliable or complete. All the Information  is subject to change without notice. You must in any event conduct your own due diligence and investigations rather than relying on any of the Information. The investments or services referred to on this Site may not be suitable for everyone. If you have any doubts as to suitability, you should seek advice from an investment adviser.
Apax Partners acts for the funds they manage or advise ("Apax Funds") and not for anyone else. They will not act for, advise or be responsible for providing the protections afforded to Apax Funds to anyone other than such funds. Entrepreneurs and others working with Apax Partners should be aware of this and should not expect that they will be treated the same as the Apax Funds.
Links to other websites
This Site contains links to other websites over which Apax Partners has no control. Apax Partners is not responsible for any material or information on those websites or for any services or products which may appear on them and shall not be liable for any loss or damage arising from the use or receipt of the same. By creating a link to a third party website, Apax Partners does not endorse or recommend any material, information, product or service appearing on that website.
Non-Exclusivity
Please do not send us any confidential or proprietary material as we do not agree to obligations of nondisclosure or non-use of such material. We receive a large number of business plans and other proposals, which may be similar to one another or overlap. We reserve the right to review only those which appear to us to fit our investment criteria from time to time and to reject proposals without giving a reason or returning material sent to us. We are not restricted in any way from pursuing opportunities with others. Apax Partners and funds under its management or advice invest in many companies, some of which may compete with one another.
Investors
The Apax Funds are not available to members of the general public. Interests in the Apax Funds will be offered and sold only pursuant to the offering document relating to such funds and to non-retail investors. This Site does not constitute an offer to participate in any investment.
There is no recognised market for dealing in interests in the Apax Funds and therefore it may be difficult for an investor to sell an interest in such funds or to obtain reliable information as to their value or the extent of the risks to which they are exposed.
The Information may relate to unregulated collective investment schemes as defined in the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, and promotion of these schemes may therefore be made only to persons who fall within Article 14 (investment professionals) or Article 22 (high net worth companies etc.) of the FSMA 2000 (Promotion of Collective Investment Schemes) (Exemptions) Order 2001 or to any other person to whom such promotion would be lawful (together "Permitted Persons"). Unless you are a Permitted Person, you should not read or act upon any Information relating to unregulated collective investment schemes.
The investments, services and transactions referred to on this Site may not be appropriate for your specific purposes or circumstances. You are responsible for obtaining your own legal, tax and financial advice before taking any action in relation to such investment, service or transaction; this Site is not intended to supply legal, tax or financial advice, and the Information should not be construed as a recommendation to take any such action.
In particular, participating in the investments, services and transactions referred to on this Site may have tax consequences and it is important to bear in mind that Apax Partners does not provide tax advice. The levels and bases of taxation can change. Accordingly, potential investors should consult their own tax advisers before taking any action in relation to any investment, service or transaction referred to on this Site.
Investment performance
If and to the extent that this Site contains information about the performance of investments previously made by Apax Funds you should be aware that this information has not been audited or verified by an independent party, past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance and future investments may not achieve the same level of returns as previous investments. An investment in an Apax Fund may carry a high degree of risk. The value of investments may fall as well as rise and investors may not get back the amount invested. No assurance can be given that the stated investment objectives will be achieved. Changes in rates of foreign exchange may cause the value of the investments to go up or down.
This Site contains forward-looking statements, which reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, the operations and performance of Apax Partners' businesses. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as ''outlook,'' ''believe,'' ''expect,'' ''potential,'' ''continue,'' ''may,'' ''should,'' ''seek,'' ''approximately,'' ''predict,'' ''intend,'' ''will,'' ''plan,'' ''estimate,'' ''anticipate'' or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. Forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. Apax Partners undertakes no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise.
Material interests
Apax Partners may have an interest, relationship or other arrangement which may be material in any of the investments, businesses, funds or arrangements described on this Site.
Security of information
Information posted on this Site may be accessible to third parties by means of the Internet or otherwise. You should have no expectation of privacy with respect to any communications on or through this Site. Please do not transmit any confidential information to or through this Site. You acknowledge that communications transmitted by means of this Site are public and not private communications.
You should be aware that the Internet, being an open network, is not secure. If you choose to send any electronic communications to us by means of this Site (whether by means of email or otherwise), you do so at your own risk. We cannot guarantee that such communications will not be intercepted or changed or that they will reach the intended recipient safely. We will use all reasonable endeavours to ensure that this Site is reasonably secure. However, we cannot guarantee that any information displayed on this Site has not been interfered with without our consent.
We do not guarantee that the Site, applications or other materials on or associated with this Site will be free from viruses (including, without limitation, spyware, malicious software, worms, trojan horses and harmful or contaminating code) ("Virus"). It is your responsibility to take protective steps including by using anti-virus software and undertaking virus checks.
Privacy Policy
Apax Partners will only use your personally identifiable information in accordance with the Privacy Policy , the terms of which are included by reference into these terms and conditions.
No warranties and limitations of liability
You should read these 'No warranties and limitations of liability' provisions carefully as they exclude or limit Apax Partners' legal liability to you in connection with your use of this Site and its use of your information.
References in this section to "this Site" shall be construed as references to "this Site and the Information".
Nothing on this Site or in these terms and conditions shall exclude or limit any duty or liability to the extent that such exclusion or limitation is not permissible under applicable law or regulation, nor exclude or limit any duty or liability that Apax Partners may owe under the FSMA 2000 and rules made pursuant to it, and the remainder of these 'No warranties and limitations of liability' provisions should be read accordingly. To the extent that any Information concerns companies related and/or affiliated to Apax Partners, those companies may not be subject to the UK regulatory system and certain protections and compensation provisions may not be available to you.
This Site is provided "as is" and "as available" and we give no conditions, warranties, representations or guarantees of any kind express or implied in respect thereof. Specifically, without limitation, we do not warrant that: you will be able to use or access this Site or that it will continue to be made available in its current or any other form; this Site, or any applications or materials of whatever nature made available on or downloaded from this Site, will be free from Viruses, defects and third party rights, or be compatible with your equipment; this Site will be fit or appropriate for any purpose, accurate, adequate or complete.
We will not be liable to you for any loss or damage (direct or indirect) arising from or in connection with: any Virus associated with this Site, materials or applications made available on it; your use or inability to use this Site at any time or any delay or interruption in the availability or delivery of all or any part of this Site; your use of, or access to any website or resource to which you have gained access by means of links on this Site; any error or omission in the Information; any decision made or action taken in reliance on the Information; or any failure by you to comply with any applicable laws or regulations.
We will not be liable to you, whether for any representation, statement or tortious act or omission (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, for any loss or damage of whatever nature suffered by you (including, without limitation, direct loss or damage, indirect or consequential loss or damage, loss of goodwill, loss of business opportunity, loss of data or loss of profit) arising out of or in connection with any use of, or inability to use this Site, or any application or other material on or associated with this Site, regardless of whether Apax Partners was aware of the likelihood of such loss or damage occurring.
You agree that the limitations and exclusions set out in these terms and conditions are reasonable having regard to the relevant circumstances, and in particular the limited use you are permitted to make of this Site and the fact that your access to and use of this Site is free. You further agree not to challenge the reasonableness of any of these limitations and exclusions.
Copyright and trademarks
All intellectual property rights in this Site and the Information are, and shall remain, the property of Apax Partners and its licensees. You will not acquire any proprietary rights in this Site or Information (or any part thereof) and agree not to infringe, challenge, bring into disrepute or prejudice the right or title of Apax Partners' and/or its licensees in any such intellectual property.
In consideration for you accepting, and abiding by, these terms and conditions, Apax Partners grants you the right to access and use this Site and use, download and print-copies of the Information, for your own, private, non-commercial purpose in connection with obtaining information and services from Apax Partners, at all times for information purposes only.  You may only download or print individual pages and/or sections of this Site provided that you do not remove any copyright or other proprietary notices.  You may not otherwise use or access any part of this Site and/or the Information and, in particular, you agree not: to copy, to issue copies of, to rent or lend, to sub-license, to assign, to communicate (by electronic means or otherwise), to link into, or to make adaptations of, any part of this Site and/or the Information; and to translate, convert to another programming language, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any application contained on this Site; directly or indirectly, nor to authorise, enable or assist any third party to do so.
Local regulatory restrictions
This Site is not directed at any person in any jurisdiction where (by reason of that person's nationality, residence or otherwise) the publication or availability of this Site is prohibited. Persons in respect of whom such prohibitions apply must not access the relevant pages on this Site. Those who access this Site do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws and regulations; legal advice should be sought in cases of doubt.
Severability
If any provision of these terms and conditions is or becomes (whether or not pursuant to any judgment or otherwise) invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under the law of any jurisdiction: the validity, legality and enforceability under the law of that jurisdiction of any other provision; and the validity, legality and enforceability under the law of any other jurisdiction of that or any other provision, shall not be affected or impaired in any way thereby.
Governing law and jurisdiction
These terms and conditions, and all matters connected with them, are governed by the laws of England and Wales. The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute, controversy or claim arising from or connected with these terms and conditions, including regarding the formation, validity or termination of these terms and conditions.
Contact usUS PersonsPrivacy statementCookie NoticeTerms & conditionsUK Slavery ActAccessibilitySitemapApax Partners
© 2020 Apax Partners
Search