https://www.whitehilldesignstudio.com/privacy-policy/
White Hill Design Studio | Privacy Policy | Architecture | PermaculturePrivacy Policy Last updated: 28th September 2017This privacy policy sets out how we use and protect any information that you give when you use this Site.White Hill Design Studio LLP (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates https://www.whitehilldesignstudio.com (the “Site”).We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. What we collectWhile using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. The information we may collect includes, but is not limited to:name and job titlecontact information including email addressdemographic information such as postcode, preferences and interestsother information relevant to customer surveys What we do with the information we gatherWe require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:Internal record keeping.We may use the information to improve our services and products.We may periodically send emails about news or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. You can unsubscribe at any time.From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.How we use cookiesA cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve the Site in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.Links to other websitesThe Site may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave the Site, you should note that we do not have control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.Controlling your personal informationYou may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposesif you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us. We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to White Hill Design Studio LLP, Annan Water, Moffat, DG10 9LS.If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible.Contact UsIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.