https://www.scarpa.co.uk/privacy-policy/
welcome : 			Guest
Login
Wishlist
View Basket
×
Free next day delivery available on all orders and extended 100 day returns policy.
Menu
Search
Lifestyle
Kids
Approach
Trek
Mountain
Run Minimalism meets reality in SCARPA's trail running family. Born and bred in the Colorado Rockies and the Dolomites of Italy, these shoes deliver what we consider “functional minimalism”. Minimal uppers combine with the appropriate level of traction, support and cushioning underneath to deliver the perfect balance between weight and performance. Speed through rugged terrain with confidence – these shoes have everything you need, and nothing you don’t.
Read more (Run)
Climb
Ski
Accessories
Home
SCARPA Team
Sponsorship
Clearance
Resole Service
New Products
Clearance
SCARPA Social
Blog
History
SCARPA Team
Technical
Ski Technical
Rottefella NTN Bindings
Stockists
Contact Us
Sponsorship
Terms & Conditions
Returns & Warranty
Partners
Planet Friendly
Resole Service
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Notice
The policy: This privacy policy notice is for this website; [www.scarpa.co.uk] and served by Mountain Boot Co Ltd. Unit 5-6 New York Way North Shields, NE27 0QF and governs the privacy of those who use it. The purpose of this policy is to explain to you how we control, process, handle and protect your personal information while browsing or using this website, including your rights under current laws and regulations. If you do not agree to the following policy you may wish to cease viewing / using this website.
Policy key definitions:
"I", "our", "us", or "we" refer to the business, Mountain Boot Co Ltd .
"you", "the user" refer to the person(s) using this website.
GDPR means General Data Protection Act.
PECR means Privacy & Electronic Communications Regulation.
ICO means Information Commissioner's Office.
Cookies mean small files stored on a users computer or device.
Processing of your personal data
Under the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) we control and / or process any personal information about you electronically using the following lawful bases.
We are registered with the ICO under the Data Protection Register, our registration number is: ZA458221.
Lawful basis: Consent
The reason we use this basis: Email marketing
We process your information in the following ways: Used to send website based promotions.
Data retention period: We will continue to process your information under this basis until you withdraw consent, or it is determined your consent no longer exists.
Sharing your information: We do not share your information with third parties.
Lawful basis: Contract
The reason we use this basis: To fulfil a contract of sales for online purchases.
We process your information in the following ways: We use the details that you provide to take payment and send you the products that you’ve purchased.
Data retention period: We shall continue to process your information until the contract between us ends, terminated under any contract terms or at your request.
Sharing your information: We only share the information that is required for couriers to deliver a parcel.  We do not sell or share your details with other third parties.
If, as determined by us, the lawful basis upon which we process your personal information changes, we will notify you about the change and any new lawful basis to be used if required. We shall stop processing your personal information if the lawful basis used is no longer relevant.
Your individual rights
Under the GDPR your rights are as follows. You can read more about your rights in details here;
the right to be informed;
the right of access;
the right to rectification;
the right to erasure;
the right to restrict processing;
the right to data portability;
the right to object; and
the right not to be subject to automated decision-making including profiling.
You also have the right to complain to the ICO [www.ico.org.uk] if you feel there is a problem with the way we are handling your data.
We handle subject access requests in accordance with the GDPR.
Data Controller:
Mountain Boot Co Ltd.
Internet cookies
We use first and third and first party cookies on this website to provide you with a better user experience. We do this by placing a small text file on your device / computer hard drive to track how you use the website, to keep you logged into the website where applicable.  Some cookies are required to enjoy and use the full functionality of this website.
Some cookies will be saved for specific time periods, where others may last indefinitely. Your web browser should provide you with the controls to manage and delete cookies from your device, please see your web browser options.
Cookies that we use are;
id
_gid
_ga
_utma
PHPSESSID
_wp-settings-time-2
__utmz
_fbc
_fbp
_wp-settings-2
accept_cookie_policy
_gat
Data security and protection
We ensure the security of any personal information we hold by using secure data storage technologies and precise procedures in how we store, access and manage that information. Our methods meet the GDPR compliance requirement.
Payment Details
We use Stripe & PayPal to process your payment details, and as such, we don’t see or have access to payment information.  You can find the privacy policy for both of these companies at the bottom of this page.
Transparent Privacy Explanations
We have provided some further explanations about user privacy and the way we use this website to help promote a transparent and honest user privacy methodology.
Email marketing messages & subscription
Under the GDPR we use the consent lawful basis for anyone subscribing to our newsletter or marketing mailing list. We only collect certain data about you, as detailed in the "Processing of your personal date" above. Any email marketing messages we send are done so through an EMS, email marketing service provider. An EMS is a third party service provider of software / applications that allows marketers to send out email marketing campaigns to a list of users.
Email marketing messages that we send may contain tracking beacons / tracked clickable links or similar server technologies in order to track subscriber activity within email marketing messages. Where used, such marketing messages may record a range of data such as; times, dates, I.P addresses, opens, clicks, forwards, geographic and demographic data. Such data, within its limitations will show the activity each subscriber made for that email campaign.
Any email marketing messages we send are in accordance with the GDPR and the PECR. We provide you with an easy method to withdraw your consent (unsubscribe) or manage your preferences / the information we hold about you at any time. See any marketing messages for instructions on how to unsubscribe or manage your preferences, you can also unsubscribe from all MailChimp lists, by following this link, otherwise contact the EMS provider.
Our EMS provider is; MailChimp- We hold the following information about you within our EMS system;
Email address
I.P address
Name
Resources & further information
Overview of the GDPR - General Data Protection Regulation
Data Protection Act 1998
Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003
The Guide to the PECR 2003
Twitter Privacy Policy
Facebook Privacy Policy
Google Privacy Policy
Linkedin Privacy Policy
Mailchimp Privacy Policy
Stripe Privacy Policy
PayPal Privacy Policy
Advent Calendar Online
Loqate GBG
Shop
Lifestyle
Kids
Approach
Trek
Mountain
Run
Climb
Ski
Accessories
Clearance
Scarpa
Blog
Social
SCARPA Team
History
Technical
Ski Technical
Stockists
Contact
Sponsorship
Returns & Warranty
Partners
Planet Friendly
Resole Service
© 2018 SCARPA All rights reserved.
Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy
Follow Us
facebook
instagram
By entering your email, you're agreeing to our Privacy Policy
Scarpa © 2020
All rights reserved
Design and Development by Reflow Studio
Your data privacy is important to us. Our use of cookies are limited on our website i.e. Google Analytics, but we want to tell you all about it.
OK got that
View Privacy Policy