http://www.coalitionmusic.com/privacypolicy
Our Story
Artist Management
Record Label
Studios & Facilities
Tour
News
Contact
Back
About Us
Our History
Staff
Awards
Careers
Back
Artist Management
Artist Roster
Song Submissions
Back
Studios
Facilities
Studio Bookings
Back
Roster
Privacy Policy Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.This Site may contain links to other sites. While we try to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, please understand that we are not responsible for the content of, or the privacy practices employed by, other sites.We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.Security:
We use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect personally identifiable information. Security measures and tools, such as firewalls, are in place to help protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or data storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please do not send us sensitive information through e-mail. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, you must immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us at the contact address given below. If you choose to notify us by physical mail this will delay the time it takes for us to respond to the problem.Your Acceptance of These Terms:
By using the Site or opting it to sharing your personal information with Coalition Music, you signify your acceptance of this Coalition Music Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use the Site or opt-in to provide us with your personal information. Users are encouraged to review this policy from time to time. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. Last update May 25, 2018.