http://www.marel.com/about/policies/disclaimers/
Disclaimers | MarelE-mail disclaimerPlease note that all e-mail, sent from Marel addresses, is intended for the named addressee only and may contain information that is confidential and privileged. This includes attachments.If you have by coincidence, mistake or without specific authorization received e-mail from Marel we request that you notify us immediately. We ask you to uphold strict confidentiality and neither read, copy, nor otherwise make use of the e-mail content in any way.Website disclaimerApplicabilityThe terms and conditions in this “Legal Notice” apply to the use of this site. If you do not accept these terms and conditions or do not accept them in full, you may not use this site. Using this site constitutes acceptance of these terms and conditions and constitutes acceptance of our use of cookies.Accuracy of InformationWhile we make every reasonable effort to ensure that the information contained within this site is correct, you should be aware that the information might be incomplete, inaccurate or may have become out of date and cannot be guaranteed or warranted. We update our site regularly and so may change the content at any time.Intellectual PropertyThe material (images and text) published in this site is copyrighted and owned by Marel together with any other intellectual property in such material. All rights reserved. © Marel 1999-2016. No part of this site may be copied, republished, performed in public, broadcasted, uploaded, transmitted, distributed, modified or dealt with in any manner at all, without the prior written permission of Marel, and then,only in such a way that the source and intellectual property rights are acknowledged.Cookies and Google Analytics disclaimerTo make this site function properly, we sometimes place small data files on your computer, known as cookies. Most big website or internet service providers do the same. Cookies are meant to help the site remember you settings (font size, language and other preferences you may have when viewing this site). Our cookies are not used to identify you personally. You can control cookies and/or delete cookies as you wish – for details, see AboutCookies.org.Further this site uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the site analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the site (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the site, compiling reports on site activity for site operators and providing other services relating to site activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this site. By using this site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.Information we collect from youWe take care to respect the privacy of our online visitors. Information that can identify an online visitor is collected only when voluntarily offered by the visitor. Any details you give to this site may be added to our database. We may use your information for marketing purposes. We will not disclose your information to other parties other than Marel branches for these purposes. We may contact you by mail, telephone or e-mail with our service offers or forthcoming events that may be of interest to you.We may contract with third party service providers as part of its/their normal business operations in connection with finance, accounting, compliance and other administrative functions and these service providers may have access to the data. Data recipients may be located inside or outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"), including in countries which do not adduce the same level of protection of personal data as in the EEA. When appropriate and if required under applicable data protection laws, we will require via contractual measures (if applicable, based on the unmodified European Commission model clauses) or otherwise that such data recipients maintain adequate technical and organizational security measures to safeguard personal data. We will also take reasonable measures to ensure that personal data will be protected in accordance with statutory requirements. If the processed personal data should be removed from our files or have to be updated, you can send an email to dataprotection@marel.com (Marel hf) or its affiliated companies (see www.marel.com) and we will take reasonable measures to realize this request to the extent required. The same applies if you wish to make a complaint or if you would like to know which personal data related to you are processed. Such information shall be given free of charge every year if asked for in writing. For more information, please see our Data Privacy Policy.Limitation of LiabilityTo the maximum extent permitted by law, Marel shall not be liable to any person or organization, in any manner whatsoever from the use, construction or interpretation of, or the reliance upon, all or any of the information or materials contained in the site or inability to access the site.Applicable law and dispute settlementAll disputes resulting in any way from the use of this site shall exclusively be governed by Icelandic law and settled by the competent court in Reykjavik.
Share
Tweet
Share
+354 563 8000 Quick links Poultry
Meat
Fish
Service
Software About About
Corporate social responsibility
Vision and strategy
Locations
Our legacy
Investors Understanding Marel
Financials
Shareholder center
Corporate governance Software System implementation
Software updates
About Innova
Production control Social media
Disclaimers
General privacy policy 1999 - 2020 © MarelNewsletter
Sign me up
By entering your email address you agree to allow Marel to send you monthly newslettersPlease enter an email address and accept opt-in.Comments
Disclaimers
General privacy policy 1999 - 2020 © Marel