http://www.ttelectronics.com/legal/whistleblower-policy/
Terms and Conditions
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Modern Slavery Statement
Whistleblower Policy and Hotline
Group Tax Strategy
Logo and Brand Policy
Home
Legal
Whistleblower Policy and Hotline
Whistleblower Policy and Hotline
Whistleblower PolicyWhistleblower Hotline
Contact our Legal Team
Email us
TT Electronics plc Whistleblower Policy
TT Electronics is committed to an open, ethical business environment and recognises that any malpractice, fraud or other inappropriate behaviour may often be revealed by another employee.
We will act upon any complaint, or disclosure, by any person within the company about such matters as:
a suspected criminal offence connected with the busines
failure to observe legal obligations or regulations
endangering health and safety, or the environment
financial or non-financial malpractice
improper conduct or unethical behaviour, such as bullying, harassment or bribery
suppression or concealment of any information relating to any of the above
Employees must always act in good faith when making a complaint or disclosure. Any disclosure will be treated confidentially where requested, and those notifying a matter will usually be informed of the outcome of any investigation.
If you would like to raise a matter of concern, this should be done in the first instance with your line manager. If you don’t believe this is appropriate, you should contact the General Manager of the site or your respective Executive Vice President. In cases where this may not be appropriate, you should contact the Ethics and Integrity Helpline by telephone or via website at www.ttelectronics.ethicspoint.com. You may do so either identifying yourself or anonymously if circumstances warrant.
In exceptional circumstances, you can bring a matter directly to my attention or to the Chairman of the Audit Committee of the Group Board. Contact details are set out below.
The Board takes very seriously the policy on whistleblowing as part of our commitment to an open and ethical business environment.
Contact Details
Ethics & Integrity Helpline
www.ttelectronics.ethicspoint.com
Chief Executive Officer
Richard Tyson
richard.tyson@ttelectronics.com
Group Counsel and Company Secretary
Lynton Boardman
lynton.boardman@ttelectronics.com
Divisional Executive Vice Presidents
Michael Leahan
michael.leahan@ttelectronics.com
Tim Roberts
tim.roberts@ttelectronics.com
Tom Garvey
tom.garvey@ttelectronics.com
Charlie Peppiatt
charlie.peppiatt@ttelectronics.com
Chairman of the Audit Committee
Stephen King
stephenking610@btinternet.com
Whistleblower Policy
Whistleblower Hotline
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Review our cookie policy for more details.
Ok