http://www.cbmgroup.co.uk/privacy
Skip to main content
Contact us: 01604 420 420
Search this site
Search
Our Services Business Plan Writing
Business Plan Consultancy
Financial Projections
Available Services
About cbm About Us
FAQs
Testimonials
Our Blog
Contact us
Free Downloads
CBILS
Home
Privacy
Privacy
Comprehensive Business Management Limited respects your privacy and will not sell or make available in any way your personal information except where specific permission has been given. The nature of the services provided by Comprehensive Business Management Limited means that we may obtain certain information about you. This statement sets out the principles governing our use of your data. By using the services and the Comprehensive Business Management Limited website generally, you agree to this use. Our general guidelines regarding the use of your data are as follows.
Comprehensive Business Management Limited & Your Data
When you register to use certain areas of the site, we will ask you to provide certain data, such as your contact details and company information.
We will store this data and use it to contact you, provide you with details of services and otherwise for the normal use and improvement of the site, unless you have asked us not to do so.
We may also use the data you provide us in response to surveys and to aggregate user profiles.
Comprehensive Business Management Limited will not pass data to any third parties except to enable you to receive information you have requested to be sent to you.
To enable us to monitor and improve the site, we may gather certain information about your user of the site. This includes details of your operating system, browser version, domain name and IP address, and the details of the website you came from.
Comprehensive Business Management Limited & Cookies
Comprehensive Business Management Limited also uses cookies. Cookies are small files that are placed on your computer by your browser which allow us to remember you each time you visit.
Cookies contain no personal details about you and they can be disabled by changing your browser preferences.
Google Analytics is also used to track website trends without identifying individual visitors. The cookie used by Google Analytics stores information such as what time the current visit occurred, whether the visitor has been to the site before, and what site referred the visitor to Comprehensive Management Limited.
Our site may link to other websites and we are not responsible for their data policies or procedures or their content.
We endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal data but cannot guarantee the security of any data you disclose online. You accept the inherent security implications of dealing online over the internet and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless we have been negligent or in wilful default.
Any details that you provide to us from which we can identify you are protected by the Data Protection Act.
How to Opt Out of Marketing Material
If you do not wish to receive any further email marketing material from us please click the "unsubscribe" link found in all marketing emails. Please allow a few days for the request to process.
How to Contact Us
If you wish to contact Comprehensive Business Management Limited you can do so by phone on 01604 420 420, by our contact form, or by post at this address:
Comprehensive Business Management Limited
Corby Enterprise Centre,
London Road,
Corby,
Northants,
NN17 5EW
Email : info@cbmgroup.co.uk
Telephone : 01604 420420
Registered Office:
Nene House,
Rushmills,
Northampton,
NN4 7YB
Services
Available Services
Business Plan Writing
Business Plan Consultancy
Financial Projections
Chart and Graphs Coordinated with Company Colourways
More Information
About Us
Who We Are and What We Do
How We Work
Services
Business Sectors Covered
Business Support Line
FAQs
Blog
Testimonials
Institute of Consulting
Social Links
Privacy policy
Terms of use