http://www.metlife.com/about-us/privacy-policy/online-privacy-policy/
Skip Navigation
Skip Navigation
Close
LOG IN
LOG IN
SEARCH
SEARCH
Close
SOLUTIONS
Insurance
Business and Brokers
MetLife Investment Management
Retirement & Income Solutions
Insurance
Enhance Your Health
Dental
Vision
Protect Your Way of Life
Accident
Hospital Indemnity
Critical Illness
Cancer
Disability
Safeguard Your Household
Auto Insurance
Home Insurance
Recreational Vehicles Insurance
Legal Insurance
Pet Insurance
Secure Your Family's Future
Term Life
Group Variable Universal Life
Group Universal Life Insurance
Accident Death & Dismemberment
Reach Your Financial Goals
Health Savings and Spending Accounts
Financial Wellness Articles
More Solutions
Annuity
Long-Term Care
Business and Brokers
Employee Benefits
Group Auto & Home
Group Dental
Group Accident and Health
Group Life
Group Disability
Group Legal Services
Group Vision
Group Pet
Group Health Savings & Spending Accounts
Executive Benefits
Small Business
The Value of Non-Medical Benefits
Small Business Solutions
Changing Providers
Getting Started
Broker Small Business Solutions
Chamber of Commerce
For Brokers
Getting Appointed
Broker Compensation
Broker Forms
Why MetLife?
Broker Education
COVID-19 Resource Center for Brokers
Global Employee Benefits
Financial Wellness
MetLife Investment Management
MetLife Investment Management
Financing Solutions
About Us
Insights
Investment Strategies
Retirement & Income Solutions
Retirement & Income Solutions
Lifetime Income Annuities
Insights
Pension Risk
Structured Settlements
Stable Value
Funding Solutions
SUPPORT
Support and Manage
Quick and easy access to MetLife customer support services and resources.
Learn More
Customer Care
Customer Care
Contact Us
Find a Dentist
Find a Vision Provider
Find an Insurance Policy
More Support
My Account
My Account
Account Log In
Register for MyBenefits
Find a Form
File a Claim
For Current Customer
Fraud Awareness
ABOUT US
About MetLife
Investor Relations
Sustainability
Careers at MetLife
About MetLife
Navigating Life Together
Health
Family
Future
Work
Corporate Profile
MetLife Worldwide
Company Ratings
Global Procurement
MetLife Affiliates
Corporate Governance
Board of Directors
Executive Officers
Corporate Conduct
Code of Conduct
Diversity & Inclusion
Our Workplace
Work-Life Solutions
Supplier Diversity
More About Us
Newsroom
Awards and Recognition
MetLife Foundation
Investor Relations
Sustainability
Sustainability
Serving Our Customers
Employees
Investments
Climate Action
Managing Risk
MetLife Foundation
FAQs
ESG Data Center
ESG Scorecard
GRI Index
SASB Index
TCFD Index
UN SDGs
Policies & Codes
2019 Sustainability Report
01 Ensuring Confidence for Our Customers
02 Strengthening Our Workforce
03 Creating Value as an Investor
04 Empowering Our Communities
05 Protecting Our Environment
06 Managing Sustainability
News & Insights
Reports & Statements
Careers at MetLife
CLOSE
Please be vigilant in protecting yourself against phishing. Keeping your personal information secure is a top priority of MetLife. That's why we encourage you to take precautions to protect your personal data, and why we do not ask you to verify your personal or account information by email or text message. If you suspect you received a phishing email, please forward it to: phish@metlife.com. Delete the email after you forward it, and do not click on any links it contains. If you believe you entered information into a linked website, change your login information immediately. For helpful hints to protect your personal information, visit the Federal Trade Commission at https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/how-recognize-and-avoid-phishing-scams/
Policy holders, Please log in here:
Select Login Type
Personal Account
Business Account
Broker Account
Whether you purchased your policy on your own or
obtained it through your employer, log in to your
personal account
If you are the administrator of your business's
insurance policy, log in to your Business account
If you are an agent or broker, log in to your
broker account
Business Account Type
Select an option
MetLink
SBR
Select preferred option
Access the MetLink section of the website
Access the DigitalSolution section of the website
Access the MyBenefits section of the website
Access the Specialized Benefit Resources (SBR) section of the website
Business Account Purpose
Select preferred option
Broker Account Type
Select Preferred option
Access the MetLink section of the website
Access the DigitalSolution section of the website
Username
Enter your account username (e.g johnsmith)
Password
Enter your account password
Forgot username or password?
Forgot username or password?
Forgot your password?
Create a new account / Register now
Need an account?
Register
Register
By signing in, I agree to the
Terms of Use
Go to MyBenefits without signing in
other account types
FOR BUSINESSES
MetLink
MyBenefits
SBR
Worldwide Benefits eBenefits
FOR RETIREES
Retirement Plan Access
FOR INVESTORS
MetLife Securities Client View
NetXInvestor
FOR PROVIDERS
Dental Professionals Account
MetLife Worldwide Benefits Provider Portal
FOR EMPLOYERS
Group Benefits Administration
Employer - Sponsored Savings Plans Administration
Annuities Administration
Worldwide Benefits eBenefits
FOR BROKERS & CONSULTANTS
MetBroker
MetLife Resources Savings & Annuity Programs
MetLife Resources Annuity Programs
Structured Settlements Broker Resources (SBR)
Worldwide Benefits eBenefits
FOR METLIFE SECURITIES INC. REPRESENTATIVES
Brokerage & Securities Account
Need an account?
Register
Enter your search here
0
of
0
Search Results
|
Displaying
10 results
20 results
30 results
No Results
Sorry, we couldn't find any results matching
Please:
Check the spelling and try again
Search using fewer terms
Click here for Customer Support
Did you mean ""
Did you mean
?
Sorry, we couldn't find any results matching
Please:
Check the spelling and try again
Search using fewer terms
Click here for Customer Support
Homepage
About Us
Privacy Policy
Online Privacy Policy
Online Privacy Policy
SHARE
Online Privacy Policy | Customer Privacy Policy | MetLife Auto & Home® | HIPAA Notices of Privacy Practices | Opting Out of Information Sharing | For California Residents | MetLife Global Benefits Privacy Policy | MetLife Investment Management Privacy Policy
MetLife's Online Privacy Policy discloses how MetLife collects, stores, and uses the information you provide to us online.
Last Updated December 18, 2013
Welcome to MetLife!
The companies in the MetLife, Inc. family (collectively, “MetLife”) recognize the importance of protecting all information that you, our online visitor, may choose to provide to us. To further this commitment, we have adopted this Online Privacy Policy to tell you how we collect, store, and use the information you provide to us online. Besides this Online Privacy Policy, we also have other more general privacy policies that may apply to you as a MetLife consumer or customer. For more information about all our privacy policies, please visit us at www.metlife.com/about-us/privacy-policy/.
Online Privacy Policy FAQ
Expand All
Collapse All
What information does this Online Privacy Policy cover?
Collapsed
Expanded
This Online Privacy Policy only applies to personal information collected on websites with a link to this Online Privacy Policy, and does not apply to information collected by MetLife through any other means.
It covers how we collect, use, and share personal information as of the date that this Online Privacy Policy is posted.
It also covers information submitted and collected online, and does not necessarily apply to information that MetLife collects offline.
And it only covers websites maintained by MetLife for our domestic operations. Also, this policy doesn’t apply to any other websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we link. MetLife is, therefore, not responsible for the content or activities provided on those websites.
What types of personal information do we collect about our online visitors?
Collapsed
Expanded
Personal information is information that identifies you and can be used to contact you directly. We only collect personal information voluntarily given to us by our visitors. Generally, we don't require you to give us personal information to access public areas of our website. Certain secure web areas, however, enable or require you to provide personal information online when you use specific features on our website. For example, we collect personal information from you when you:
Apply for or obtain a MetLife product or service
Register to access your financial account information
Ask to have a MetLife representative contact you
Ask to receive information about our products or services
Purchase merchandise from our online store
Participate in any MetLife promotion or survey; and/or
Request customer or technical support
For example, this information may include:
Name
account or policy number
social security number
credit card number
telephone number
email address; and/or
postal or billing address
Additionally, we may also collect other types of information like your age or date of birth, gender, occupation, hobbies, and other preferences.
Children
We don't knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.
Information We Collect Through Technology
We collect information through technology to enhance our ability to serve you. For example, when you come to one of our websites, we collect your IP address. An IP address is often associated with the portal you used to enter the Internet, like your ISP (Internet service provider), company, association, or university. Standing alone, however, your IP address is not personally identifiable. At times, we also use IP addresses to study the frequency that our visitors visit various areas of our websites. We may combine this information with personal information. Finally, our websites do not respond to browser Do Not Track signals or other similar mechanisms.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Our websites also use cookies and web beacons to collect and store information.
Cookies are pieces of information that a website sends to your computer while you are viewing the website. We use cookies for a variety of purposes. For example, when you return to one of our websites after logging in, cookies provide information to the website so that the website will remember who you are. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You can do this through your browser (e.g., Netscape or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your web experience smoother, and some of our services may not function properly.
Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of websites and in our email communications. We also use these web beacons to analyze the traffic patterns, such as the frequency users visit various areas of our websites. These technical methods may involve transmitting information either directly to us or to another entity authorized by us to collect information on our behalf. We also use web beacons in HTML e-mails that we send our visitors to determine whether our visitors have opened those e-mails or clicked on links in those e-mails.
Network Advertisers. Advertisements managed by third parties may be placed on our websites. These companies are called 'network advertisers.' Network advertisers placing advertisements on our websites may also use cookies and web beacons to collect information when you click on or move your cursor over one of their banner advertisements. You may not realize this information is being collected. In some cases, we may have access to information from web beacons and cookies used by network advertisers on our sites, and this information may permit us to identify other sites that you have visited that are also associated with the network advertiser. In doing so, however, network advertisers do not collect personal information, and we do not give any personally identifiable information to them.
For more information about our ad service provider and its cookies, including information about how to opt out of these technologies, go to http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ and http://www.aboutads.info/consumers.
Finally, once you've clicked on an advertisement and have left our websites, our Online Privacy Policy no longer applies, and you must read the privacy policy of the advertiser to see how your personal information will be handled on their website.
How is your personal information used and shared?
Collapsed
Expanded
Whatever the purpose may be, we will only collect information to the extent reasonably necessary to fulfill your requests and our legitimate business objectives. We may also use and disclose your personal information to our affiliates and others for any purpose allowed by law.
MetLife Online Activities and Updates
For example, we use and may disclose your personal information to:
authenticate your identity
provide you with online planning tools
process an application for our products and administer your account information
respond to your product or service information requests
send you customer newsletters and updates
provide you with additional materials that may be of interest, including marketing materials,
for other everyday business purposes, such as product development and website administration
e-Cards
When you send an e-card describing any of our products to your friends and family, we delete both sender and recipient email address information after you send the e-card.
Purchase or Sale of Businesses
From time to time, we may purchase a business or sell one or more of our businesses and your personal information may be transferred as a part of the purchase or sale. If we purchase a business, the personal information received with that business would be treated in accordance with all of our privacy policies, including this Online Privacy Policy, if it is practicable and permissible to do so. If we sell a business, we will include provisions in the selling contract requiring the purchaser to treat your personal information in the same way required by our privacy policies. The provisions of this paragraph will also apply if we are sold as part of bankruptcy proceedings.
Disclosures Required By Law and Disclosures to Help Protect the Security and Safety of Our Websites and Others
We may disclose any information as permitted or required by law, when we believe in good faith it is necessary for safety purposes, required for legal reporting, or to protect our legal rights or enforce our Terms of Use or any contest rules. We may also disclose information about you to our auditors, regulators, legal advisors, or to respond to a subpoena.
What choices do you have about the collection, use, and sharing of your personal information?
Collapsed
Expanded
We don’t share our customer’s personal information with unaffiliated third parties for their own direct marketing purposes.
If you signed up to receive newsletters or other e-mail messages from us, you can opt-out any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the message. You may also choose to opt-out from receiving marketing materials from us by making a request at www.metlife.com/optout.
Finally, at this time, our websites do not respond to browser Do Not Track signals or similar mechanisms.
What kinds of security measures do we take to safeguard your personal information?
Collapsed
Expanded
The security and confidentiality of your information is extremely important to us. That’s why we have technical, administrative, and physical security measures in place to protect your personal information from unauthorized access and improper use. For example, the areas of our website that enable or require you to submit personal information online use encryption to protect that information. We also review our security procedures periodically to consider appropriate new technology and updated methods. But, despite our reasonable efforts, no security measure is ever perfect or impenetrable.
How can you update your personal information?
Collapsed
Expanded
You can contact your Agent directly to update your personal information. You can also use our online resources page to submit any changes to your contact information.
How can you ask questions, or send us comments, about this Online Privacy Policy?
Collapsed
Expanded
If you have questions or wish to send us comments about this Online Privacy Policy, e-mail us at privacy@metlife.com or call or write to us at:
MetLife, Inc.
Attn.: Privacy Policy Administrator
P.O. Box 489
Warwick, RI 02887-9954
(877) 638-7684
You can also contact us through our form.
How will you know if we amend this Online Privacy Policy?
Collapsed
Expanded
We may amend this Online Privacy Policy at any time. If we make any material change in how we collect your personal information online, or how we use or share it, we will prominently post notice of the changes on the websites covered by this Online Privacy Policy. Any material changes to this Online Privacy Policy will be effective 10 days after our posting of notice of the changes on the websites covered by this Online Privacy Policy.
Email Unsubscribe
If you are eligible for benefits from a MetLife company through your employer, this opt-out will not apply to emails relating to those benefits.
Unsubscribe
Ask a Privacy Question
If you have a specific question about privacy, please  access the form from below link and submit .
Submit Form