https://www.nordicnaturals.com/consumers/privacy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At Nordic Naturals (also referred to as "us" or "we" in this Privacy Policy), your personal privacy is important to us. The following Privacy Policy describes the practices that we have adopted.
Please review this Privacy Policy, which governs the information collected through use by you (collectively sometimes referred to herein as "you" or "your") of the Website, or information collected in any other manner. Each time you access, use, or browse the Website, you signify your acceptance of the then-current Privacy Policy. If at any time you do not accept this Privacy Policy, then you are not authorized to access, browse or use the Website and you must discontinue use of the Website immediately.
Notice Of Collection
Our Collection and Use of Your Personally Identifiable Information
As part of the normal operation of the Website, we may collect and, in some cases, use or disclose personally identifiable information (referred to herein as “personally identifiable information” or "PII") about you where we reasonably believe it will help us administer our business or provide products, services or other opportunities to you as described below.
For your convenience, we are listing the categories of PII that we collect below and have collected within the past 12 months:
Category
What We May Collect
How Collected
Reason for Collection*
Identifiers
A real name, alias, postal address, email address, account name.
Through the website, in-person, written in a completed form, work order or other written correspondence, e-mail and/or by telephone.
To provide and/or market a service or product to you or complete a transaction for you; identity verification; account creation; billing; correspondence; marketing and promotional efforts.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, address, telephone number, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number.
Through the website, in-person, written in a completed form, work order or other written correspondence, e-mail and/or by telephone.
To provide and/or market a service or product to you or complete a transaction for you; identity verification; account creation; billing; correspondence; marketing and promotional efforts.
*In addition to the reasons for collection described above, we may, in our sole discretion, retain original and updated PII as part of our records for reasons such as technical constraints, legal requirements, dispute resolution, trouble-shooting and agreement enforcement.
In addition to PII, we may also collect, aggregate, and share "Non-PII" which is information that is aggregated, anonymized, de-identified, and is unable to be readily identified to you.
This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of PII and other information we may collect from you. We do not have a process for you to request changes to your personally identifiable information that is collected in any manner.
Nordic Naturals collects information from our users at several different points, including but not limited to the following:
Personally Identifiable Information You Provide To Us
Any personal information that we may collect about you is voluntarily provided to us by you. We receive and may store the information you provide to us. As you navigate through the Website, there are several online forms which you can use to request information about us. In order for us to respond to your request, we ask that you provide to us, among other things, your first and last name, mailing address, telephone number, and email address on the online form. Other information may be identified as optional, and you may choose whether or not to provide it. The use of these online forms is completely voluntary. We may use your first and last name, email address, mailing address, and telephone number to contact you from time to time. In addition, we may use that information internally for assessing our business and how the Website is used. Visitors to the Website may navigate the entire Website without using any of these features or providing any information.
Correspondence
If you correspond with us, we may retain such information and PII included as part of the correspondence. In addition, where we have sent an email to you, we may receive confirmation that you have opened it. If you want to unsubscribe from a Nordic Naturals’ email list, please let us know by following the “Unsubscribe” instructions that are included in each promotional email from us. Please note that such requests may take up to ten (10) days to become effective.
Cookies and Other Tracking Methods
Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data. A cookie is a small piece of text sent to your browser by a website you visit. It helps the website to remember information about your visit, like your preferred language and other settings. That can make your next visit easier and the site more useful to you. Cookies do not contain personally identifiable information; however, once you choose to furnish a site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. When you access our Website, we look into the cookie to fill out some fields you would otherwise have to re-enter (but not passwords or any financial information) and customize our Website to be more relevant to you. There are products commercially available that are designed to help you disable cookies. You may delete and/or decline our cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, but some parts of our Website may not work properly if you do so and this may affect your ability to use the full functionality of the Website. Also, most browsers have incorporated certain “do not track” (DNT) features. Most of these features, when turned on, send a signal or preference to the website that a user visits, indicating that the user does not wish to be tracked. At this time, our Website does not respond to browser “do not track” (DNT) signals or other “opt out” settings or features that may be offered by your browser or similar devices, however, we reserve the right to do so in the future.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. To view more information regarding cookie settings please visit:
For Microsoft Internet Explorer:Source
For Microsoft Edge:Source
For Google Chrome:Source
For Mozilla Firefox:Source
For Apple Safari:Desktop | Mobile
Google Analytics
Our Website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google. Google Analytics uses cookies and similar technologies to collect and store anonymous information about you, which may include the non-personal information described above. You can read information about how Google Analytics may use your data at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, Google’s Privacy Policy at http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/, and Google Analytics Terms of Use at http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html. Our Website may use certain features of Google Analytics, including:
“Demographics and Interest Reporting” to analyze information regarding the interests and demographics of users of the Website. We use such non-personal information in the same manner as we use other non-personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
“Remarketing with Google Analytics” to place ads on other sites directed to people who have visited the Website.
“Google Display Network Impression Reporting” to report how people’s interactions with our ads relate to their visits to the Website.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads by changing the ad settings at https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662856. You also can opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics in the future by downloading and installing Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on for your current web browser at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
Surveys
From time-to-time, our Website may request information from you via surveys. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to disclose this information. PII and other information requested may include, but is not limited to, contact information (such as name, telephone number, email and mailing address).
Personally Identifiable Information and Information From Other Sources
We may receive PII and information about you from other sources, such as our agents, vendors, and service providers and from publicly available sources. For example, sometimes we receive updated address information from third parties that we may use to update our records.
Disclosing Personally Identifiable Information To Third Parties
We do not sell or rent your personally identifiable information. We may, however, share your PII with third parties (including any agents, vendors, service providers, and any affiliate or subsidiary we may have), under the following circumstances:
The PII is provided to help provide a service or product to you or complete a transaction for you.
The PII is provided to our agents, vendors or service providers who perform functions on our behalf. These agents, vendors or service providers only receive PII, if such information is needed to perform their function(s) or services, and they are not authorized to use any PII for any purpose(s) other than the purpose(s) set forth by us.
The PII is provided to comply with applicable law, regulation or governmental request, enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements we have with you, or to protect our rights, property or safety, or the rights, property or safety of our users or others.
The disclosure of PII is done as part of a purchase, sale or transfer of services or assets (for example, if substantially all of our assets are acquired by another party, your PII may be one of the transferred assets). We may also transfer such PII in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, dissolution, joint ventures or reorganization.
We may store PII in locations outside our direct control (for instance, on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers).
For your convenience, you may consult the chart below to see what information we disclose and what categories of information we have disclosed in the prior 12 months.
Category
What We May Collect
How Collected
Reason for Collection*
Identifiers
A real name, alias, postal address, email address, account name, Internet Protocol (IP) address.
Through the website, in-person, written in a completed form, work order or other written correspondence, e-mail and/or by telephone.
We may also collect your IP address through cookies on your device during your use of our Website.
To provide and/or market a service or product to you or complete a transaction for you; identity verification; account creation; billing; correspondence; marketing and promotional efforts.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, address, telephone number, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number.
Through the website, in-person, written in a completed form, work order or other written correspondence, e-mail and/or by telephone.
To provide and/or market a service or product to you or complete a transaction for you; identity verification; account creation; billing; correspondence; marketing and promotional efforts.
Geolocation Data
Your geolocation.
We may collect your geolocation through cookies on your device during your use of our Website.
Marketing and promotional efforts.
*In addition to the reasons for disclosure described above, we may, in our sole discretion, disclose original and updated PII to comply with applicable law, regulation or governmental request, to enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements we have with you, or to protect our rights, property or safety, or the rights, property or safety of our users or others.
We may also gather aggregated data about you and disclose the results of such aggregated information (but not PII) to third parties for analytical purposes.
Sale of Personally Identifiable Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not sold personally identifiable information.
Inapplicability of Privacy Policies of Any Linked Websites or Other Third Parties
Our Website contains links to or integrations with other sites, whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites' privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
This Privacy Policy only addresses Nordic Naturals’ use and disclosure of your personally identifiable information. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any third parties or the content of linked websites, although we encourage you to read any applicable privacy policies of such parties or websites.
Protection of Personally Identifiable Information
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard against foreseeable risks, such as unauthorized access. Please be aware that the Website and data storage are run on software, hardware, and networks, any component of which may, from time to time, require maintenance or experience problems or breaches of security beyond our control. We are not responsible for the acts and omissions of any third parties.
No transmission of data over the internet is guaranteed to be completely secure. We cannot guarantee the security of the information on and sent from the Website. It may be possible for third parties not under our control to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully. While we strive to protect your personally identifiable information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us over the internet. Any such transmission is done at your own risk.
Compromise of Personally Identifiable Information
In the event that PII is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will promptly notify those persons whose PII has been compromised, in accordance with applicable law.
Information from Children
Because of the nature of our business, our products and services are directed to persons 18 years of age or older and are not designed to appeal to minors. If you provide information to us through the Website, you represent and warrant to us that you are 18 years of age or older. We do not knowingly attempt to solicit or receive any information from children. Specifically, the Website is not intended or designed to attract children under the age of 13. If you are 13 -17 years of age, you may visit, browse, and use the information on the Website, but you may not submit any personal information to the Website, and you represent and warrant that you have permission of your parent or guardian to use the Website, who agrees to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use on your behalf. If you are a parent and believe that we may have inadvertently collected personal information from your child, please notify us immediately by sending an email, including the Website to which your request pertains, to privacy@nordicnaturals.com.
Conditions of Use, Notices and Changes to Our Privacy Policy
By using the Website you agree to the terms and conditions in this Privacy Policy and the Nordic Naturals Terms of Use (the terms and conditions of which are hereby incorporated by reference). In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use, then the Terms of Use shall control. If you do not agree to any of these terms and conditions you should not access, browse, or use the Website.
You agree that any dispute over privacy or the terms contained in this Privacy Policy, our Terms of Use, or any other agreement we have with you will be governed by the law of the State of California.
As our business changes from time to time, this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use are subject to change at any time. We reserve the right to amend the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use at any time, for any reason, without notice to you, other than the posting of the amended Privacy Policy and/or Terms of Use to the Website and changing the version number and date of the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy which is noted just below the first line of text that is the title of these documents. The use of your information is subject to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use in effect at the most recent time of use. The policies and procedures described herein replace all previous policies and procedures regarding this subject. We encourage you to periodically check back and review the policies and procedures so that you always will know what PII and other information we collect, how we use it, and with whom we share it.
Governing Law
This Privacy Policy shall be governed by, and will be construed under, the laws of the State of California, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law principles. Those who choose to access the Website from locations outside of the United States do so on their own initiative, and are responsible for compliance with local laws if and to the extent local laws are applicable, including without limitation, all applicable laws, rules and regulations regarding the transmission of data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside.
Notice of Privacy Rights of California Residents
Personal Information Shared for Direct Marketing Purposes
If you are a California resident and have provided personal information to us, you are entitled by law to request certain information about the personal information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. To make such a request, send an email to privacy@nordicnaturals.com with "Request for California Privacy Information" on the subject line and in the body of your message. Include the website or line of business to which your request pertains. We will provide the requested information to you at your e-mail address in response. Please allow thirty (30) days for a response. We are required to respond to only one request per customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through the above email address.
We will not share your personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes if you request that we do not do so. You may make such a request by sending us an email at privacy@nordicnaturals.com or mailing your request to Nordic Naturals, 111 Jennings Drive, Watsonville, CA 95076, Attention: Privacy Officer. When contacting us, please indicate your name, address, email address, which website or line of business to which your request pertains, and what personal information you do not want us to share with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Please note that there is no charge for controlling the sharing of your personal information or for processing this request.
California Do Not Track Disclosures
California Business & Professions Code Section 22575(b) (as amended effective January 1, 2014) provides that California residents are entitled to know how a website operator responds to “Do Not Track” (DNT) browser settings. DNT is a feature offered by some browsers which, when enabled, sends a signal to websites to request that your browsing is not tracked, such as by third party ad networks, social networks and analytic companies. We do not currently take actions to respond to DNT signals because a uniform technological standard has not yet been developed. We continue to review new technologies and may adopt a DNT standard once one is created. For information about DNT, please visit: www.allaboutdnt.org.
Privacy Notice for California Residents
The following sections apply to California residents, only.
California Residents: Your Request Rights
This privacy notice for California residents supplements the information contained in the previous portions of this Privacy Policy and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California ("consumers" or "you"). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), as may be amended or supplemented, and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice.
If you are a California resident, you should be aware that you have certain special rights regarding your PII and any “personal information” as that term is described in the California Consumer Privacy Act. Such information is collectively referred to in this Privacy Policy as “personal information”. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
Sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
Disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Right to Opt-Out
If Nordic Naturals sold your personal information, you would have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time (the "right to opt-out"). However, Nordic Naturals does not sell personal information.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by filling out the form here or by contacting us at privacy@nordicnaturals.com or calling us at 1-800-662-2544 describing your request(s). The verification we may request will reflect personal information that you have previously provided to us.
Only you, or an authorized agent registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information.
You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. These requests are free, though we reserve the right to implement a reasonable fee for excessive or complex requests you may submit. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request for access to information or deletion within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We endeavor to respond to a verifiable request to opt-out within fifteen (15) days of its receipt.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information's value and contain written terms that describe the program's material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
Questions Regarding This Privacy Policy
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@nordicnaturals.com or you can write to us at Nordic Naturals, 111 Jennings Drive, Watsonville, CA 95076, Attention: Privacy Officer.Policy Statement
This site is controlled and operated by Nordic Naturals from its office within the State of California, United States of America. This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.
Information that you provide while online ordering is maintained directly by Nordic Naturals. We will not sell your information to anybody, including your e-mail address.
Nordic Naturals is committed to a safe and secure online shopping environment for our customers. We have implemented security measures through use of Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to insure that you can comfortably shop in our online environment without concern that others can access your address and credit card information.
It is our policy never to transmit credit card information via e-mail. Should there be any problem with your payment method, you will be called directly by one of our Inside Sales Representatives to discuss and resolve it quickly. To further maintain privacy, please do not share your password or personal information through e-mail.
Your Information
To be able to use certain areas and features of the site, specifically requested by you, we may require you to provide us with information that identifies you personally. This information may include:
Your name
Your company name
Your email address
Billing address
Shipping address
Phone number
Credit card/payment account information
The information we collect may be used to verify your identity, to create your Nordic Naturals account, to bill you for the products you have ordered on the site, and to correspond with you (such as through email newsletters or correspondence to us initiated by you).
All email newsletters contain instructions to unsubscribe from the mailing list. You can also contact us at customerservice@nordicnaturals.com to remove your email address from our mailing list at any time.
To be able to create an account with Nordic Naturals, to place an order on the site you must provide us with your identifiable personal information.
We will never sell or share your personal information to any persons or organizations except when required by law for the investigation of illegal or criminal activities, the exercise of legal rights or in defense against any legal claims, or otherwise.
Online Advertising
We use third-party remarketing services, including Google AdWords, to advertise Nordic Naturals across the Internet. Remarketing will display ads to you based on what parts of the Nordic Naturals website you have viewed by placing a cookie on your web browser.
This cookie does not in any way identify you, collect any identifiable information, nor give access to your computer or mobile device.
The cookie is used to indicate to other websites that  “This person visited a particular page, so show them ads relating to that page.”
Remarketing allows us to tailor our marketing to only display ads that are relevant to you.
If you do not wish to see ads from Nordic Naturals you can opt out in several ways:
Opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ads Settings.
Opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Cookies—How we use them
A cookie is a small file sent to your browser from a Web server to be stored on your computer. A cookie cannot give access to your computer or any information stored on your computer. We use cookies to allow the site to respond to you as an individual by gathering and remembering information about your preferences when using the site so when you next visit the site your preferences for using the site are already set. Cookies are also used to personalize the content you view on the site. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. To view more information regarding cookie settings please visit:
For Microsoft Internet Explorer:Source
For Microsoft Edge:Source
For Google Chrome:Source
For Mozilla Firefox:Source
For Apple Safari::Desktop | Mobile
Controlling your information
We make every effort to give you access to your personal information, to allow you to correct any inaccuracies, or to remove your personal information at your request provided it is not required for genuine business purposes or by law to be retained.
We require you identify yourself and the information you request to access, remove, modify or correct before commencing such requests. We may refuse requests that are of unreasonable technical effort or would be highly unfeasible, endanger the privacy of others, or require access that is not normally necessary. When we provide access to your personal information for the purposes of modification, correction or removal, we do so free of charge except where doing so requires an unreasonable effort.
To request access, correction or removal of your personal information, please contact:
Nordic Naturals 111 Jennings Drive Watsonville, 12 95076 Phone: +1 831.724.6200Toll Free: 800.662.2544 Fax: (831) 724-6600 webmaster@nordicnaturals.com
Updates
Occasionally, we may change this Privacy Policy. Should we do so, we will post a notification on the Site. Changes will take effect from the date they are posted.
Effective Date: March 1, 2019
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING OR PARTICIPATING IN THE NORDIC REWARDS PROGRAM, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND ALL TERMS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE AS DESCRIBED BELOW. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR PARTICIPATE IN THE NORDIC REWARDS PROGRAM.
These Nordic Rewards Program Terms and Conditions (“Rewards Terms” or “Terms”) apply to your access to and participation in the Nordic Rewards Program (“Rewards Program” or “Nordic Rewards”), which is operated by Nordic Naturals, Inc.. These Rewards Terms do not alter in any way the terms or conditions of any other agreement you may have with Nordic Naturals for other products and services. Please note that your access to and participation in the Rewards Program is also governed by the terms, conditions, limitations and requirements linked in these Rewards Terms, all of which (as may be changed over time) are incorporated into these Rewards Terms.
Nordic Naturals reserves the right to change, modify and/or eliminate the Rewards Program and/or all or any portion of these Rewards Terms or any policy pertaining to the Rewards Program at any time and in our sole discretion, including our right to discontinue or change the benefits or change the expiration date of rewards points (defined below) received under the Rewards Program, merge the Rewards Program with another rewards program, or to adjust how rewards points are earned, calculated or redeemed. If we make changes, we will post the amended Rewards Terms to www.nordicnaturals.com/consumers/reward-points and update the effective date above. We may also attempt to notify you in other ways. Unless we say otherwise, the amended Rewards Terms will be effective immediately and your continued participation in the Rewards Program after the amended terms are posted will confirm your acceptance of the changes. If you do not agree to the amended Rewards Terms, you must stop participating in the Rewards Program.
1. Rewards Program Eligibility
You must be a United States resident (including residents of U.S. Territories) who is at least 18 years of age to participate in the Rewards Program. The Rewards Program is intended for personal use only, and commercial use by commercial customers and others purchasing items for resale are not eligible to participate in the Rewards Program. Current Nordic Naturals employees and contractors are not eligible to participate in the Rewards Program.
2. Privacy
Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your visit to the NordicNaturals.com website, to understand our practices.
3. Rewards Program Description
The Rewards Program is a free customer loyalty program that allows participants to earn rewards points with qualifying purchases on NordicNaturals.com. Participants may also earn rewards points by participating in promotional activities that may be offered through the Rewards Program from time to time.
Participants in the Rewards Program may redeem accumulated rewards points for discounts on purchases made on Nordicnaturals.com. These Rewards Terms provide a general overview of the Rewards Program.
4. Joining the Nordic Rewards Program
There are no membership fees associated with the Rewards Program. You will enroll in the Rewards Program when you create an account on the Nordic Naturals website. The enrollment form requires that you provide your first name, last name, e-mail address and create a password.
You may only have one Rewards Program account, and it is nontransferable. You are responsible for anyone else who uses your Rewards Program account.
5. Earning Rewards Points
As a member of the Nordic Rewards program you will receive 1 point per $1 spent on qualifying purchases (10% back), and 2 points per $1 spent on auto-ship purchases (20% back). To earn points, you must be logged in to your Rewards Program account. Qualifying purchases include regular and sale priced products purchased at Nordicnaturals.com. Certain purchases may not qualify for accrual of rewards points, including but not limited to shipping fees, sales tax, and any purchase made with rewards points. Customers may also be eligible to receive bonus rewards points for specified promotional offers advertised from time to time by Nordic Naturals at the sole discretion of Nordic Naturals. The details of such bonus rewards points will be provided at the time the offer is made.
The Nordic Rewards points structure, including any bonus rewards points, is subject, at Nordic Naturals's sole discretion, to modification or limitation at any time, including, without limitation, the right to establish additional means of accruing rewards points, the right to modify and delete any or all of the recognized means of accruing rewards points, their values and types, and the rewards points redemption terms, and the right to exclude specific types of transactions from reward point eligibility.
Nordic Rewards points are accrued after customers make a purchase on Nordicnaturals.com once payment has posted. Only the individual named as the primary account holder may accrue rewards points for qualifying purchases.
For returned merchandise, if a customer has paid with rewards points, the refund will be provided as rewards points. For purchases made with both rewards points and a credit card, customers will receive a refund in the same combination used at the time of payment. If you void a purchase or return your purchase, Nordic Naturals will deduct the rewards points that you were awarded for that purchase from your rewards program account. If you have already redeemed those rewards points, this could potentially result in a negative rewards point balance in your rewards program account.
A summary of a customer's Nordic Naturals account may be obtained by visiting Nordicnaturals.com. Nordic Naturals will attempt to credit customers' accounts with rewards points on a timely basis. However, each customer shall have the responsibility of ensuring that his or her rewards points are properly credited. Any claim for rewards points not credited accurately must be received by Nordic Naturals within thirty (30) days of the date of claimed accrual of such rewards points, or else such rewards points will no longer be valid or usable. Nordic Naturals shall have no liability for any printing, production, typographical, mechanical, or other errors in offering or awarding rewards points, for any delay or failure to credit rewards points to accounts, or for any failure to provide account summaries as outlined herein.
6. Redemption of Rewards Points
Once a customer has accrued any rewards points in his or her account, the customer may apply the rewards points as a discount on any purchase on Nordicnaturals.com. A customer may redeem any amount of earned rewards points on any purchase on the Nordic Naturals website. Rewards points can be redeemed in whole or in part for purchases made on Nordicnaturals.com.
No cash will be exchanged for the unused portion of any customer's rewards points. Once rewards points have been redeemed, they are no longer valid for any subsequent redemption and they may not be returned or refunded to a customer's account for any reason except for a refund of purchase using rewards points.
7. Expiration of Rewards Points
Rewards points will expire 18 months from the date they were earned.
8. Miscellaneous
Nordic Naturals reserves the right to invalidate rewards points from a customer's account with notice if it determines, in its sole discretion that such rewards points were improperly credited to such customer's account or were obtained fraudulently or otherwise in violation of these Terms. Nordic Naturals reserves the right to require proof of accrual of rewards points and the right to delay the processing or redemption of any rewards points without notice, in order to assure compliance with these Terms.
Without limiting any other remedies, Nordic Naturals may suspend or terminate any account if Nordic Naturals suspects, in its sole discretion that any customer or other person has engaged in fraudulent activity in connection with the Rewards Program. Rewards points do not constitute property, do not entitle a customer to a vested right or interest and have no cash value. As such, rewards points are not redeemable for cash, transferable, or assignable for any reason. The sale, barter, transfer or assignment of any accumulated rewards points, other than by Nordic Naturals, is strictly prohibited. Any rewards points that Nordic Naturals deems, in its sole discretion, to have been transferred, sold, bartered or assigned in violation of the Rewards Program Terms may be confiscated and/or canceled. Participation in the Rewards Program is subject to these Terms, as well as policies and procedures that Nordic Naturals may adopt or modify from time to time. Any failure to abide by the Terms or any policies or procedures implemented by Nordic Naturals, any conduct detrimental to Nordic Naturals, or any misrepresentation or fraudulent activities in connection with this Rewards Program, or failure to act in a manner consistent with federal, state, or local laws, regulations, or ordinances, may result, in addition to any rights or remedies available to rewards points in law or equity, in termination of participation in the Rewards Program, as well as forfeiture of any rewards points accrued to date and any other benefits earned in connection therewith.