http://www.cbussuper.com.au/terms/website-terms-and-conditions
Search …
Super
How super works
What we offer
My investment options
My insurance options
Making super contributions
Tax on superannuation
Consolidate or find my super
Accessing my super
Retirement
Retirement planning
What we offer for retirement
My retirement investment options
Manage your account online
Retirement fees and charges
Taxation in retirement
Employers
Why Cbus
Your super obligations
Payment options
Getting started
Employer Online help
Tools and resources
Forms and publications
Fact sheets in other languages
Calculators
Retirement seminars
Advice services
About us
Cbus fund information
Who we are
How we're run
Cbus Property
Careers
Sustainability
Annual Report
News
Support
FAQs
Contact
Complaints
Call us 1300 361 7848am-8pm (AEST/AEDT) Monday to Friday
Website terms and conditions
Terms and conditions of use
This website is owned and operated by the Trustee of Cbus, United Super Pty Ltd ABN 46 006 261 623 AFSL 233792, Cbus ABN 75 493 363 262 (‘Cbus’).
By accessing, browsing and using this website, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to the following terms and conditions, disclaimers and privacy policy, as they are amended from time to time.
If you do not agree to the terms and conditions, you should not use this website.
Cbus reserves the right to change or update the terms and conditions at any time. As such, we recommend you check this page from time to time for any changes.
General advice warning
See our general advice warning.
Website disclaimer
The content on this website is provided in good faith. While every attempt has been made to ensure the accuracy and reliability of the information, Cbus makes no representations in respect of the accuracy or completeness.
To the extent permitted by law, Cbus accepts no liability for any loss or damage incurred as a result of relying on any information obtained from this website and for any exposure to any computer virus as a result from using this website.
You should note that if you use our online services, such as Member and Employer Online and Insurance Online, additional terms and conditions may apply.
Terms and conditions of using our secure pages
Access to the Cbus website and app where a password and username or member number are required are secure pages and only authorised for use by the named Cbus member. It is provided to assist members to manage their Cbus account.
Upon registering to access secure parts of the website and app, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of your user access, password and security verification information. You must keep them secure at all times and not disclose to any other person. Once online access is granted, any actions or instructions made by the user will be deemed to have been made by you. When altering your account information you accept responsibility in respect of the accuracy of the changes you submit.
You agree to notify Cbus immediately if you suspect that your online access has been compromised or unauthorised use of your password or other breach of security has occurred. Cbus is not responsible for any loss or damage for unauthorised use of your password/other breach of security where you have not notified Cbus of such use/breach.
Cbus can cancel any password or username at any time and without notice if Cbus believes it is being used in a way that can cause loss to you or Cbus.
Cbus advises against the installation and use of third-party keyboards on mobile devices. Third-party keyboards installed on mobile devices may deliberately store user input history or, in some cases, contain malicious functionality to intentionally broadcast sensitive data to an attacker.
Member information
Online access to your account is provided by United Super Pty Ltd. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the information about your benefits as shown are correct, Cbus does not represent or warrant the information as disclosed is complete or accurate. You should read all the information and references displayed to understand how it has been prepared; we recommend you contact Cbus before taking any action based on the information displayed.
Copyright and intellectual property
Unless otherwise specified, all copyright and intellectual property rights in the website and content of the website is the property of Cbus.
You may use and print the information from our website for your own use consistent with the nature of the services being provided, including those available on Member and Employer Online. However you must not copy, reproduce, distribute, publish, sell or modify the information in any way without our prior written consent.
Third party services
This website may contain links to other websites operated by third parties. Cbus is not responsible for any content of third party websites and does not make any endorsement of it.
Cbus accepts no liability for any loss or damage incurred as a result of relying on any information obtained from third party websites.
Privacy
At Cbus we understand the importance of looking after your privacy and the Trustee takes every care to protect it.
To find out more about the type of information we collect and how it is used read our Privacy Policy and Collection Statements.
Back to top
Awards
Get the Cbus app