http://www.musicsales.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Who We AreWise Music Group Ltd collects, uses and is responsible for certain personal information about you. When we do so we are regulated under the General Data Protection Regulation (‘GDPR’) and we are responsible as ‘controller’ of that personal information for the purposes of those laws.  How to Contact UsOur Data Protection Team can be contacted at 14-15 Berners Street, London W1T 3LJ or by emailing dataprotection@wisemusic.com if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the information we hold about you. Information That We CollectWise Music Group Ltd processes your personal information to meet our legal, statutory and contractual obligations and to provide you with our products and services. We will never collect any unnecessary personal data from you and do not process your information in any way, other than as specified in this notice. The personal data collected by Group companies varies and can be found in each company's privacy policy.The personal data that we may collect from you on wisemusic.com is limited to:Your Computer IP addressWe collect the information in the following way: Automatically, via a Google Analytics that tracks website visitor information. How We Use Your Personal DataWise Music Group Ltd takes your privacy very seriously and will never disclose, share or sell your data without your consent; unless required to do so by law. We only retain your data for as long as is necessary and for the purpose(s) specified in this notice. Where you have consented to us providing you with promotional offers and marketing, you are free to withdraw this consent at any time. The purposes and reasons for processing your personal data are detailed below:  We collect your personal data in the performance of a contract or to provide a service and to ensure that orders are completed and can be sent out to your preferred address. We collect and store your personal data as part of our legal obligation for business accounting and tax purposes.We will occasionally send you promotional information where we have assessed that it is beneficial to you as a customer and in our interests. Such information will be non-intrusive and is processed on the grounds of legitimate interests.Where legitimate interests does not apply and where you have provided specific consent, we will occasionally send you promotional information by email.Your RightsUnder the GDPR you have a number of important rights free of charge. In summary, those include rights to: access to your personal information and to certain other supplementary information that this Privacy Notice is already designed to addressrequire us to correct any mistakes in your information which we hold.require the erasure of personal information concerning you in certain situations.receive the personal information concerning you which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to a third party in certain situations.object at any time to processing of personal information concerning you for direct marketing.object to decisions being taken by automated means which produce legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affect you.object in certain other situations to our continued processing of your personal information.otherwise restrict our processing of your personal information in certain circumstances. For further information on each of those rights, including the circumstances in which they apply, see the Guidance from the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) on individuals rights under the General Data Protection Regulation.If you would like to exercise any of those rights, please email or write to our Data Protection Officer. Sharing and Disclosing Your Personal InformationWe routinely share your personal information with our third party suppliers, details of which can be found in each company's privacy policy.Some of those third party recipients may be based outside the European Economic Area — for further information including on how we safeguard your personal data when this occurs, see ‘Transfers Outside of the EEA’.We will share personal information with law enforcement or other authorities if required by applicable law.We will not share your personal information with any other unrelated third party. Safeguarding MeasuresWise Music Group takes your privacy seriously and takes every reasonable measure and precaution to protect and secure your personal data. We work hard to protect you and your information from unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction and have several layers of security measures in place, including: TLS (a secure way of transmitting data over the internet), data encryption, restricted access procedures, IT authentication & firewalls. Transfers Outside the EEAWise Music Group Ltd uses some products or services (or parts of them) that may be hosted/stored in the USA which means that we may transfer any information which is submitted by you through the website outside the European Economic Area ("EEA") for the below purposes:Therefore, when you use our website, the personal information you submit may be stored on servers which are hosted in the USA. Where this is the case, we will take steps to ensure that those providers use the necessary level of protection for your information to protect your data and comply with the relevant data protection laws. Consequences of Not Providing Your DataYou are not obliged to provide your personal information to Wise Music Group. However, as this information is required for us to deliver your products, and for you to perform and otherwise license our copyrights, we will not be able to offer some/all of our services without it. Legitimate InterestsAs noted in the ‘How We Use Your Personal Data’ section of this notice, we occasionally process your personal information on the permitted basis that it is in our (and/or your) legitimate interests that we do so. In this case, we have carried out a Legitimate Interests’ Assessment (LIA) as required by GDPR to ensure that we have weighed your interests (and, in particular any risk posed to you) against our own interests, ensuring that they are proportionate and appropriate. In conducting the LIA we have identified a legitimate interest in the promotion of our composers, songwriters and their works to music industry professionals whose organisations engage in the performance, commissioning or licensing of music. To that end we may process your personal information for the purpose of keeping you informed about news, compositions, events and premieres which are relevant to your organisation. If you disagree with our assessment or do not wish to receive that information then please contact our Data Protection Officer who will delete your data from our systems. How Long We Keep Your DataWise Music Group Ltd only ever retains personal information for as long as is necessary and we have strict review and retention policies in place to meet these obligations. Where financial transactions are concerned, we are required under UK tax law to keep your basic personal data (name, address, contact details) for a minimum of 7 years after which time it will be anonymised or destroyed if you are no longer a customer or client. We keep other data (for example, data necessary for promotional purposes) for as long as you remain a professional within the music industry or until you tell us to delete or update your data. Where we have concluded that there is no legitimate interest, and where you have consented to receive email newsletters from us, we will keep such data until you withdraw your consent. If you do not actively withdraw your consent and you do not open an email newsletter for a period of 2 years we will deem your consent to have expired and will seek fresh consent from you before sending further email newsletters. Lodging A ComplaintWise Music Group Ltd only processes your personal information in compliance with this privacy notice and in accordance with the relevant data protection laws. If, however you wish to raise a complaint regarding the processing of your personal data or are unsatisfied with how we have handled your information, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority. The supervisory authority in the UK is the Information Commissioner who may be contacted at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ Cookie Notice and OptionsA ‘cookie’ is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored on the user’s computer by the user’s web browser while the user is browsing. When you visit a site that uses cookies for the first time, a cookie is downloaded onto your computer/mobile device so that the next time you visit that site, your device will remember useful information such as items added in the shopping cart, visited pages or logging in options. Cookies are widely used in order to make websites work, or to work more efficiently, and our site relies on cookies to optimise user experience and for features and services to function properly. Most web browsers allow some control to restrict or block cookies through the browser settings, however if you disable cookies you may find this affects your ability to use certain parts of our website or services. For more information about cookies and how to control them, please visit AboutCookies.org..Wisemusic.com only uses Essential and Analytical cookies. To opt out of Analytics, please visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en. Group Companies' Privacy PoliciesWise Music Creative https://uk.wisemusiccreative.com/pages/privacy/Bosworth Music Creative https://www.bosworthcreative.com/pages/privacyWise Music Classical http://www.wisemusicclassical.com/PrivacyPolicyCharanga https://charanga.com/site/gdpr/privacypolicy/MusicFirst https://www.musicfirst.co.uk/privacy-policyStoryville Records https://www.storyvillerecords.com/content/privacy