http://www.holidaybows.com/privacy.html
Home
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices we use. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone! We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order. Information collected from you, such as e-mail addresses and phone numbers, is used by us for the sole purpose of communicating with you about orders you have placed or questions you have asked. We do not contact you with information about new products, special offers or any other unsolicited information unless you have selected to participate in any feature that provides this information.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address, phone number or review/modify your information in your account settings:
Determine what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Orders
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (such as name and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site if you use our shopping cart. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site. We do not use cookies to track and target the browsing habits of our users. Cookies do not collect or transmit to us personal information stored on your computer.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, please contact us immediately.
Open Modal
Cancel