https://www.zeigtucker.com/policies-procedures/
Toggle navigation
Home
Shop
Authors Index
Books
eBooks
Videos
Discount Items
Interviews
David S. Gordon
Rick Miller
Tobi Goldfus
Wendel A. Ray
Authors Index
New Titles
New Titles Available
Presenting Psychotherapy Video
How To Order
Ordering Instructions
Policies and Procedures
Shipping
Proposals
About
Contact
My Account
Cart
Policies & Procedures
Privacy Policy
Zeig, Tucker and Theisen has your privacy in mind. The following policies will ensure safe and secure information exchange at our web site.
Online Ordering
Your orders are secure! SSL encryption is used on every order to protect your credit card information.
Prices are subject to change without notice and that if there is a pricing error, the book will not ship but we will contact them about the discrepancy and approve the additional amount of the book.
Privacy
Zeig, Tucker and Theisen will only collect information for ZTT when ordering from our site.
Customer E-Mail Addresses
If you agree to be put on to our email list, the information you give will only be used to notify you of upcoming titles and special promotions. Your phone number will only be used in the event of an ordering problem.If at any time you would like to be removed from the e-mail list, please e-mail Marketing with “Remove” in the subject line.
Mailing List Policy
We value you as a customer. After you place an order with us, we may use your address to send ZTT catalogs or ZTT special offers via U.S. mail. If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, please don’t hesitate to email marketing.
Instructor’s Copies
DVD Previewing
Zeig, Tucker will grant a 30-day preview period for any of its DVDs to institutions. If you choose to purchase the DVD, simply pay the accompanying invoice. If at the end of this period, you wish to return the DVD, simply ship it back to the publisher and receive full credit. The original invoice or packing slip must accompany your return, and the return should be shipped in a box rather than envelope to avoid damage.
Examination Copies
If you wish to review one of our titles for possible course adoption, please submit the form below. Be sure to indicate the name of the course and the course date.
An examination copy will be sent to you for 60-day review. The book will be shipped with an invoice which will be cancelled if, within 60 days, Zeig, Tucker and Theisen is notified that an order for 10 or more copies has been placed by your university or school bookstore, or if you return the book in saleable condition. Otherwise, we will assume you’re keeping the book for your personal use and we will expect payment at 10% off the full list price.
Return Policy
Books may be returned for any reason to Zeig, Tucker and Theisen within 30 days for a full refund. Audio and videocassettes may not be returned unless ordered by an institution for preview purposes. All returns should be accompanied by the original invoice or packing slip.
follow Zeig, Tucker & Theisen on Facebook