http://www.benefitssummary.com/privacy/
CALL US TODAY
877.236.3786
Toggle navigation
Who We AreExperience makes the difference.
What We DoEverything you need & more.
Our ProcessThe easy way to get started.
SamplesView our Samples.
PrivacyEncrypted transfers.
Contact UsGet in Touch with Us.
Privacy
At Benefits Summary, nothing is more important than your trust!
While you’re viewing our site, no personal information is collected. However, we may ask you to voluntarily offer contact information during the submission of an online form so that we can respond to your inquiry . Under no circumstances will any of this information ever be shared with any third party.
We utilize the latest Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to ensure any confidential information exchanged during a web session is safe. SSL is used by over 95% of the Fortune 500 companies to facilitate their secure data transmissions. Our version of SSL uses full 256 bit encryption to scramble the data that is exchanged during a secure session.
Even if computer processing power continued to double every year and a-half for the next 20 years, so that they were a million times more powerful than they are today, it would still take some 6 thousand trillion years to break the encryption key you were using. And, by the way, did you know that SSL issues a different key every time you start a new secure session?
WE RE COMMITED TO YOUR PRIVACY!
What our Customers say
Benefits Summary was the third total compensation statement provider I worked with.
The first was an online service that let you make your own.
Yeah, it seemed attractive price wise, but it was inflexible and the outputs seemed to have a one size fits all feel.
The second was a service provider who seemed in over their head.
Once I talked to Benefits Summary about their process, deliverables and cost and saw them supply everything as they described, I was hooked.
They’ll be who we work with from now on, and I tell all my HR friends exactly that. Justine, Texas
Plastics Manufacturing Great service, great product, great price and great people who are perfectionists in their trade. Jim, Colorado
HospitalWe love our benefit statements!
Thank you again for listening so closely as I rambled through not knowing how to explain exactly what we were looking for.
When I opened our first sample, I couldn’t believe you had captured my thoughts so clearly.
We’re looking forward to working with you again next year. Seb, Florida
Hospital
Benefits Summary consistently provides high quality, great value service. Moreover, they seem to intuitively understand our wishes and customize their work to provide the right fit while being creative and innovative.Jen, Nevada
HotelI’ve never felt compelled to write a testimonial for a business service, but after unsuccessful experiences with a couple of other companies, I came across Benefits Summary.
They’re professional, thorough, flexible and extremely knowledgeable about communicating total compensation.
They’re a pleasure to work with and their high-quality statements were a hit with our workers.Michelle, Texas
Utility Company Benefits Summary provides a high level of service and expertise and is very responsive to ourneeds and inquiries.
As I’ve done in the past, I would not hesitate to recommend their Total Compensation Statementsto any business, large or small.Wendy, Massachusetts
Savings & Loan We previously provided total compensation statements using in-house software that we purchased to ‘save money’.
After several years of countless headaches, I decided to track the time it actually took to generate the boring cookie cutter reports.
Once I presented the results to my boss, she quickly agreed to let me engage Benefits Summary to provide our statements.
Oh my gosh!
On time, cost exactly what they said, great design, no surprises and my boss loves me! Judy, California
Law FirmA significant portion of our staff is more comfortable reading in Spanish.
Benefits Summary’s ability to provide both English and Spanish statements on an employee-by-employee basis was instrumental in helping educate our workforce on the value of their benefit programs. Kristi, Texas
Restaurant ChainBenefits Summary provided the most competitive pricing and outstanding service under a really tight deadline. They demonstrated excellent creativity and interpretation of our requirements.
They’re proactive and a pleasure to work with.
Can I recommend them?
Absolutely! Rebecca, New Mexico
Auto DealershipsBenefits Summary was extremely professional and very knowledgeable in how to effectively communicate the value of our company provided benefits to each of our employees.
We’re a large company whose project team consisted of HR, Benefits Department, upper management and I.T.
They were able to communicate equally effectively with both our technical and non-technical staff.
I can’t imagine us working with anyone else. Rhonda, Georgia
ManufacturingBenefits Summary has supported our employee benefit statements for the last 5 years.
Being able to rely on their experience and expertise has been invaluable and their flexibility and rapid response has allowed us to meet our sometimes ridiculous target timelines.Ron, New York
Travel AgencyWe’ve been working with Benefits Summary since 2005 and they continue to exceed our expectations year after year.
Clarity, promptness, professionalism and a commitment to continually ensure we’re completely satisfied set them apart.
We will definitely be lifelong clients! Judy, North Carolina
Law FirmHaving never supplied Total Compensation Statements before, I needed a partner who could describe my options and walk me through my portion of making it happen.
Benefits Summary was both patient and awesome in helping me understand the pros and cons of different approaches and guiding me to what best met our needs.
A definite positive impact on our employees. Suzanne, TX Electronic MfgWe have 60+ locations throughout the Central U.S., with 7 different groups of multi-tiered benefit programs.
Even though I’ve been here over 4 years, I sometimes cross one set of details with another.
Benefits Summary was flawless in their design, production and delivery to our staff of 3,000+.
Our employees were impressed with the quality and super-informed by the statement. Johnathon, CA
Senior Living We’re a global company with multiple locations around the world.
While all of our staff is fluent in English, each is paid in their local currency and their statement needed to show it.
Benefits Summary handled that requirement as easily as all of our other requests: “No Problem”. Steve, California
Insurance
Contact Us TODAYfor a FREE Quote
Benefits Summary, LLC
P.O. Box 738
Longmont, Colorado 80532
T: 877-236-3786
Copyright © 2002 – 2017. Benefits Statements. All Rights Reserved.
HomeWho We AreBenefit StatementsOur ProcessSamplesPrivacyContact Us