http://www.capitolbank.com/privacy-policy/
Lost or Stolen Card?
Open an Account
(608) 836-1616
Business Banking
Personal Banking
Privacy Policy
NOTICE REGARDING THE PRIVACY OF YOUR FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Introduction
This notice is intended to describe how we collect, maintain, and disclose customer information. This Notice may be amended from time to time at our discretion. If you have any questions, comments or concerns about privacy of information, please contact us at 710 North High Point Road, Madison, Wisconsin or call us at (608) 836-1616.
CLICK HERE FOR A COPY OF OUR PRIVACY STATEMENT
Tracking Cookie Usage
Capitol Bank’s Web site may use cookies; however, cookies set by or on behalf of Capitol Bank do not collect personal information about you, but only about your browser “session”. This non-personal information is not disclosed to third parties, unless otherwise indicated below, and may be retained by Capitol Bank for Web site improvement and customization purposes, in compliance with Capitol Bank’s policies for privacy and data safeguarding. Only the following types of cookies are used on Capitol Bank Web sites:
Session cookies (Tier 1) are sometimes used on Capitol Bank sites to provide streamlined navigation and for basic Web metrics.
Persistent cookies (Tier 2) may be used on some Capitol Bank sites to allow you to create and save customized reports or preference settings for future visits.
CapitolBank.com uses 3rd party vendor re-marketing tracking cookies, including the Google Adwords tracking cookie and Facebook pixel. This means we will continue to show ads to you across the internet, specifically on the Google Content Network (GCN) and Facebook social media website. As always we respect your privacy and are not collecting any identifiable information through the use of Google, Facebook, or any other 3rd party remarketing system.
The third-party vendors, including Google and Facebook, whose services we use – will place cookies on web browsers in order to serve ads based on past visits to our website. Third party vendors, including Google and Facebook, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to your website. This allows us to make special offers and continue to market our services to those who have shown interest in our service.
Opt-Out Instructions:
By using capitolbank.com, you consent to the placement of the cookies referenced above. You can, however, set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. You may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page here: http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html. You can opt out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting all-together here: http://www.aboutads.info/choices. You can also set your computer to reject (i.e. “opt out” of) cookies, and you will still be able to access all of the informational resources provided on our site. However, some of the customized and dynamic features may not function properly or as efficiently. To learn more about how to opt out of cookies, please click here: http://www.usa.gov/optout_instructions.shtml.
Capitol Bank never gives away information about our users. If you choose to provide Personal Information about yourself, Capitol Bank will use this information only to communicate directly with you. Capitol Bank will not sell, rent or otherwise disclose that information to third parties unless such disclosure is necessary for the purposes set forth in this Policy, by law or a policy or notice contained or associated with a specific Site(s) and/or Service(s).
Madison
710 N. High Point Road
Madison, WI 53717
Phone: 608.836.1616
Lobby
M - F: 9 a.m. - 5 p.m.
Drive-up
M - F: 8:00 a.m. - 5:30 p.m.
Saturday: 9 a.m. - 12 p.m.
Verona
108 E. Verona Avenue
Verona, WI 53593
Phone: 608.845.0108
Lobby
M - F: 9 a.m. - 5 p.m.
Saturday: 9 a.m. - 12 p.m.
Drive-up
M - F: 8:00 a.m. - 5:30 p.m.
Saturday: 9 a.m. - 12 p.m.
Links
Contact Us
Locations
About Us
Capitol Bankshares, Inc.
Careers
Online Education
Online Banking
Privacy |
Security |
Patriot Act |
Reg E © 2018 Capitol Bank. All Rights Reserved. Website by Kella Design
Online Banking
Business
Personal
Mortgages
About
Private Banking
Call us at: (608) 836-1616
Coronavirus Resource Center
Locations and Hours
Contact Us
Our Team
Search