https://www.weishardt.com/privacy-policy/
About us
History
Our team
Products
Gelatine
Pig skin gelatine
Fish skin gelatine
Cold soluble gelatine
Organic gelatine
Naticol®, collagen peptides
Ingredients solutions for food
STABI
Gelarome®
ACIMIX®
Food
Confectionery
Dairy, desserts, pastries
Meats and savoury
Filling and glazing for meat products
Meat and charcuterie
Functional food
Pharma
Hard and soft capsules
Micro-encapsulation
Other pharmaceutical applications
Nutraceutical
Naticol®, collagen peptides
All about collagen peptides
Beauty
Joint health
Weight management
Functional food
Quality
Certifications
Sustainability
Contact
Home
Functional beverage
Supplements
Social commitments
Certifications
Events
Media
Career opportunities
You will find below the legal notice of the www.weishardt.com site according to Article
No. 6 of Law No. 2004-575 of 21 June 2004 for the confidence in the digital economy.
Website’s Publisher :
SAS Gelatines Weishardt, with a capital of €3,105,000 registered in the commercial and company register RCS Albi, under number 716 020 458 Registered office: Rue Maurice Weishardt 81300 GRAULHET – Tel: +33 05.63.42.35.00 SIRET number: 716 020 458 000015 Responsible for the publication: Website: www.weishardt.com
Hosting :
Host: OVH, with a capital of €10,059,500 registered in the commercial and company register RCS Lille Métropole, under number 424 761 419 Registered office: 2 rue Kellermann – 59100 Roubaix – France Website: www.ovh.com
Web design and Development:
New Box & Cie Registered office: 7 bd Edouard Andrieu 81000 Albi web.newbox@gmail.comWebsite:
www.newboxcom.com
Intellectual property :
The general structure as well as the graphics, images, texts, videos, animations, sounds,
logos, gifs and icons and their formatting are protected, in accordance with the national
and international provisions on Intellectual Property.
Reproduction of all or part of this site, on any medium whatsoever, is strictly prohibited.
All trademarks mentioned on this site are registered by their respective owners.
Photographs © 2018-2019 – All rights reserved.
Photo Credits: Adobe Stock, Shutterstock, Istock
Web Development, optimisation & security © 2018-2019 New Box & Cie – All rights
reserved.
Terms of use :
SAS Gelatines Weishardt implements all the means at its disposal, to ensure reliable
information and regular updating of its website. However, errors or omissions may occur.
SAS Gelatines Weishardt is in no way responsible for the use made of this information,
and any direct or indirect damage that may result.
Use of cookies :
The www.weishardt.com website may ask you to accept cookies for statistical and
display purposes. A cookie is information stored on your hard drive by the server of the
site you are visiting. It contains several data that are stored on your computer in a simple
text file that a server accesses to read and save information. Parts of this site may not be
functional without the acceptance of cookies.
We may automatically collect certain information about you when you simply browse our
website, including: information about the use of our site, such as the areas you visit and
the services you access, your IP address, the type of your browser, your access times.
This information is used exclusively for internal statistics purposes, which enables us to
improve the quality of the services we can offer to you. The databases are protected by
the provisions of the Law of 1 July 1998 transposing Directive 96/9 of 11 March 1996 on
the legal protection of databases.
The user can however configure the browser of his/her computer to refuse the installation
of cookies, knowing that doing so may result in not having access to certain services. To
block cookies, type “block cookies” in your search engine (Internet Explorer or Firefox) and
follow the instructions according to your version.
Personal data:
In general, you are not required to provide us with your personal data when you visit our
website www.weishardt.com.
However, there are exceptions. For some services offered by our site, you may be
required to provide us with a certain amount of data (e.g., your name, your e-mail address
and your telephone number). This is the case when you complete the online form in the
“Contact” section. In all cases, you can refuse to provide your personal data, but by doing
so, you will not be able to use the site’s services such as soliciting information about our
company or receiving newsletters.
In accordance with the provisions of Articles 38 et seq. of Law 78-17 of 6 January 1978
relating to information technology, data files and civil liberties, all users have the right of
access, rectification, deletion and opposition to the personal data concerning them. To
exercise this right, send your request to www.weishardt.com by email at
dpo@weishardt.com or in writing duly signed, accompanied by a copy of the identity
document, with signature of the holder of the document, specifying the address to which
the reply should be sent.
No personal information concerning the user of the www.weishardt.com website is
published, exchanged, transferred, assigned or sold to third parties, regardless of the
medium, without the user’s consent.
The databases are protected by the provisions of the Law of 1 July 1998 transposing
Directive 96/9 of 11 March 1996 on the legal protection of databases.
Declaration to the CNIL (National commission for information technology and civil liberties) :
In accordance with Law 78-17 of 6 January 1978 (modified by Law 2004-801 of 6 August 2004) on information technology, data files and civil liberties, this site has not been the object of a declaration to the National commission for information technology and civil liberties ( www.cnil.fr ).
Litigation:
These conditions of the www.weishardt.com website are governed under French law.
Any dispute or litigation that may arise from the interpretation or execution of these
conditions shall fall within the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts on which the company’s
registered office depends. The reference language for settling potential disputes is French.