http://www.campaigner.com/legal/anti-spam-policy/
PricingGet started for free with a full-feature trial.Try out Campaigner’s 60+ advanced features free for 30 days in a full-featured trial. Plans start from $19.95 after free first month.
See full pricing
Start free trial
Get a free demo and custom quote.Watch Campaigner in action in a live product demo and get a custom quote tailored to your business needs.
Get free quote
FeaturesTurn email into revenue with advanced email marketing automationIncrease sales, nurture leads better, automate your email marketing, personalize your messaging and drive bottom-line revenue.
Campaigner for eCommerce
Campaigner REST API
Industry-leading deliverability
Marketing automation
Automation workflows
Dynamic Content
Conversion tracking
Personalization
See all features
Email Design
Drag & Drop builder
Reusable content blocks (articles)
Email templates
Grow your audience
Forms
Landing pages
Facebook Audience builder
Advanced segmentation
Dynamic Content
Purchase behaviour
See integrationsServicesResourcesKNOWLEDGE BASEIn-depth, lucid and helpful instructions on how to use the Campaigner platform for your business. If you have questions, we have the answers.FIND ANSWERSMARKETING BLOGQuality tips, actionable strategies, guides, industry chatter and just overall marketing goodness. Read and learn about email marketing automation.READ BLOGGuides
Abandon cart recovery guide
Guide to responsive email templates
Email marketing kickstart guide More resources
Webinars
Getting started video walkthrough
Infographics
Videos SupportTalk to salesCall us: 1-866-358-6355Get free demo & quoteSign UpLogin
Sign up
Login
TRUST CENTERAnti-Spam Policy
Campaigner and its partners (those who make the Campaigner products available to their customers), only support lawful, consent-based email marketing practices. Unsolicited commercial email (UCE) may not contain an option to unsubscribe or have been sent with the consent of the recipient. UCE is the opposite of closed-loop authenticated email: those that are requested, anticipated, personal and relevant. UCE may violate anti-spam laws, and using Campaigner® to send UCE is not permitted.
Encouraging the Creation of Closed-Loop Authenticated Distribution ListsClosed-Loop Authentication List Building – Campaigner products enable clients to put an ‘opt-in’ form on their website. This feature collects and stores email addresses of permission-based recipients. All Campaigner products use closed-loop authentication: an email address is not added to the recipient list until a reply to a confirmation email is received. This process is implemented completely by the softwareContact List Abuse Prevention – Our contact list hygiene system uses sophisticated algorithms to assess the probability that a list does not use closed-loop authentication. Any list that fails in the hygiene system is locked and reviewed by Campaigner.Campaigner technology automatically screens email campaigns for indicators of potential problems such as campaign size, billing plan selected, IP address of user, time between account creation and campaign scheduling, multiple credit card refusals, and user profile information (i.e.: email address used, and specific words used in the subject or content of the campaign). Any email campaign that surpasses a threshold is held until the postmaster reviews and clears it. To protect Campaigner’s reputation, and that of its clients, Campaigner offers to help new Campaigner customers upload their first large email distribution list (please note Campaigner does not allow customers to upload lists purchased from third parties). This allows Campaigner to view the contents of an email distribution list, with the customer’s permission. In addition, Campaigner helps first time Campaigner customers run a sample email campaign to a few select recipients from their list before sending to the rest.As customers use Campaigner’s systems, the number of complaints they receive is tracked by an internal reputation system. Customers with a low number of complaints are not subject to the early warning monitoring or list upload restrictions. Larger lists are uploaded not by the customer, but by Campaigner upon the customer’s instruction, and are subject to manual scrutiny.Software Control ToolsCampaigner provides its Campaigner customers with certain tools to assist in compliance with anti-spam laws the United States of America’s CAN-SPAM Act of 2003. For example, Campaigner Products independently adds an unsubscribe option to each email sent. Unsubscribes can be requested either via a link in each email, or by replying to the email with “unsubscribe” in the subject line.This option cannot be removed by the sender; however, they can choose how it will be phrased. Anyone who unsubscribes will be automatically flagged in the database and their email address will be suppressed from all future mailings. Unsubscribe status can’t be overwritten by list merging. To further protect recipients from email abuse, contacts receiving email sent using the Campaigner products will only see their own names in the ‘To’ field. No other recipients’ email addresses are visible.Email Sending PracticesCampaigner honors ISP policies (restrictions on number of connections, size of pipe, speed of sending servers, open relay off, reverse DNS enabled, RFC compliance). Authentication standards, such as sender policy framework (SPF), are used for outgoing email campaigns. Campaigner products distinguish between soft and hard bounces. Hard bounces are immediately flagged and suppressed from future mailings.Dealing with ComplaintsWhen a complaint is received the following process is followed:Every complaint that is received is reviewed by Campaigner’s postmaster.If the email address of the complainant is known, it will be immediately unsubscribed from the relevant customer list.If the email address of the complainant is known, they will be notified that their email address has been removed. If the complaint came via an ISP, they too will be notified of the action taken.The postmaster will lock the list, review its source with the customer and may either discuss the complaint are received, or terminate the account entirely.Campaigner’s Privacy Policy provides for the right of Campaigner to share the offending user’s name and the fact that there have been complaints with any third party, including other providers of email marketing services. If you have received an unsolicited email from one of Campaigner’s customers, please contact postmaster@campaigner.com. Asset 2
Twitter
Facebook-f
Instagram
Linkedin
Made with  in Ottawa, Canada.Campaigner
About
Contact
Customer Support
System Status
Careers Product
Login
Sign Up
Features
Integrations Partners
Reseller Program
Non-Profit Program
Startup Program Resources
Blog
Knowledge Base
Infographics
Webinars
Trust Center
Terms
Reseller Terms
Privacy Policy
Anti-Spam Policy 2020 j2 Global, Inc. All rights reserved. Campaigner® is a registered trademark of j2 Global Canada, Inc.This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.