http://www.editexpress.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy: nSight® - Editorial Services | Staffing | Copyediting & Proofreading
— nSight® Editorial Services | Staffing | Copyediting | Proofreading
Home
Staffing
Editorial
EDITEXPRESS
Jobs
About
Blog
Contact
Redefining Content
HomeStaffingEditorialEDITEXPRESSJobsAboutBlogContact
Privacy PolicyWe have created this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy and security. This Statement of Privacy applies to www.nsightworks.com and nSight, Inc. and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to nSight, Inc. include www.nsightworks.com and nSight. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. The nSight website is a news and information site. By using the website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement. In an effort to comply with changes in technology, and the adoption of new regulations and laws, we may need to change our Policy at some point in the future, in which case we’ll post the changes to this Privacy Policy on this website and update the Effective Date of the policy to reflect the date of the changes. By continuing to use the website after we post any such changes, you accept the Privacy Policy as modified.The Types of Information We Collect and StoreWe may collect and store personal or other information that you voluntarily supply to us online while using the nSight website. The website only contacts individuals who specifically request that we do so or in the event that they have signed up to receive our messaging. The website collects personally identifying information from our users during email opt-in or a Contact Us request. All of this information is provided to us by you. Your information will never be disclosed, traded, licensed or sold to any third party.We also collect and store information that is generated automatically as you navigate online through the website. For example, we may collect information about your computer’s connection to the Internet, which allows us, among other things, to improve the delivery of our web pages to you and to measure traffic on the website. We also may use a standard feature found in browser software called a “cookie” to enhance your experience with the website, and web beacons, to access cookies, count users who visit the website, the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent on our site, websites visited before and after our site, IP addresses, or open HTML-formatted email messages.The information we may collect about you and store in connection with the provision and fulfillment of our services to you may include:NameEmail addressTelephone numberTraffic sourceHow We Use Your Personal InformationThe above personal information may be used for the following purposes:To operate, improve, or promote our ServicesTo contact youWhen you have opted in to receive email messagingTo respond to your email inquiries. Specifically, when Visitors send email inquiries to us, the return email address is used to answer the email inquiry we receive. We do not use the return email address for any other purpose, or share it with third parties.To monitor and analyze trends such as:Behavior on the websiteEmail clicks and opensTo market our products and services through:Email marketingNotificationsPerform accounting, administrative, and legal tasksWho Has Access to Your Data Within Our OrganizationWithin our organization, access to your data is limited to those persons who require access in order to provide you with the products and services you purchase from us, to contact you, and to respond to your inquiries, including requests for refund. Employees only have access to data on a “need to know” basis.Who We Share Your Data With Outside of Our Organization, and WhyUnaffiliated Third PartiesWe will not share or transfer your data to unaffiliated third parties without your consent. We may use service providers in connection with operating and improving the website, to assist with certain functions, such as email transmission, data hosting. We will take measures to ensure that these service providers access, process, and store information about you only for the purposes we authorize, subject to confidentiality obligations, including through the execution of GDPR and CCPA-compliant Data Privacy Agreements or Addenda, as applicable.AuthoritiesWe may access, preserve, and disclose information about you to third parties, including the content of messages, if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, applicable law, regulation, legal process, or audits. We may also disclose information about you if we believe that your actions are inconsistent with our Terms of Service or related guidelines and policies, or if necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of, or prevent fraud or abuse of, Company or others.Why We Store Information We Collect From YouWe retain certain information that we collect from you while you are a member on the website, and in certain cases where you have deleted your account, for the following reasons:So you can use our website;To ensure that we do not communicate with you if you have asked us not to;To better understand the traffic to our website so that we can provide all members with the best possible experience;To detect and prevent abuse of our website, illegal activities and breaches of our Terms of Service; andTo comply with applicable legal requirements.When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your information, we will either delete or anonymize it.Cookies and Tracking ToolsWe use cookies to help you make using our website easier, such as:To help us understand our audience and traffic patternsWe also use Web Beacons to collect non-personal data on how you use our site, such as how long did you visit our page, what web browser you’re using, what’s your operating system, and who’s your Internet service provider.Data Security and Data Privacy RegulationnSight secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We use the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol for this purpose. However, while we strive to protect your personal information, you must also take steps to protect your information. We urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal information while you are on the Internet.Additionally, while we make every effort to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party “hackers” from illegally obtaining this information. If we do discover a security breach affecting your data, every effort will be made to provide a notification within 72 hours of our team learning of the occurrence.California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)The CCPA took effect on January 1, 2020, and is intended to protect the data of California residents. If you are a resident of California, you have certain rights with respect to your data. We respond to all requests that we receive from individuals who wish to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. You can contact us by calling (781) 273-6300.Rights that you may have, include:Requesting deletion of your information.Requesting disclosure of the personal information we have collected about you and the types of third parties with whom it has been shared.Requesting the portability of your information.Opting out from receiving marketing communications that we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by selecting the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you. Every effort will be made to respond to a verified request within a reasonable time, or the time-frame required by law.Children’s Privacy StatementThis children’s privacy statement explains our practices with respect to the online collection and use of personal information from children under the age of thirteen, and provides important information regarding their rights under federal law with respect to such information.This website is not directed to children under the age of thirteen and we do NOT knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen as part of the website. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of thirteen as part of the website, we will delete such information from our records. If we change our practices in the future, we will obtain prior, verifiable parental consent before collecting any personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen as part of the website.CAN-SPAM ComplianceWe strictly abide by our obligations to comply with anti-SPAM laws.All emails that are sent to you by nSight, Inc. include an unsubscribe link in them.You can remove yourself at any time from our mailing list by clicking on the unsubscribe link that can be found in every communication that we send you.We will remove you from our mailing list immediately.Additionally, all emails from us will have a clear “From” field that identifies us as the sender and will contain our address for contact purposes.Revisions to This PolicyOur Company reserves the right to revise, amend, or modify this policy, our Terms of Service, and our other policies and agreements at any time and in any manner, by updating this posting.Where to Direct Questions About Our Privacy PolicyIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices described herein, you may contact us through the contact information provided on this website.
300 BRICKSTONE SQUARE, SUITE 201ANDOVER, MA 01810(781) 273-6300
Privacy Policy | © 1982–2020 nSight, Inc. All rights reserved.