http://www.dentrix.com/about-us/privacy-policy
Dentrix
Dentrix Canada
Dentrix Mobile
Dentrix Practice Advisor
Dentrix Profitability Coaching
Daily Huddle
Dentrix Service Bundles
Dentrix Smart Image
WebMD Enhanced Profile
eServices
Dentrix LiveChat
Integrated Products
Dentrix Connected
Dentrix Marketplace
Dentrix Developer Program
Henry Schein Partners
eClaims
Insurance Manager
Patient Engage
Patient Communications
Patient Portal
Reputation Management
Online Booking
Reputation Plus
Dentrix Website
Dentrix Pay
PowerPayLE EMV
QuickBill
ePrescribe
eSync
Dentrix LiveChat
Integrated Products
Dentrix Connected
Dentrix Marketplace
Dentrix Developer Program
Henry Schein Partners
Multi-location PracticeManagement Systems
Dentrix
Transferable Site License
Dentrix Ascend
Cloud-based Dental Software
Dentrix Enterprise
Group Practice, DSOs and CHCs
Dentrix provides superior front office, clinical and business management tools to make your practice more efficient
Solutions
Multi-locations
Business Management
Practice Marketing
Clinical Efficiency
Patient Communication
Billing and Collections
Integrated Products
Training and Staff Education
Technical Support
Training
Training Workshops
Insight Seminars
In-Office Training
Resource Center
Become a Trainer
Dentrix Mastery Tracks
Dentrix Smart Start
Dentrix Profitability Coaching
Dental Consulting
Dentrix for Students
Dentrix news, forums, blogs and more
Support
Contact Support
Resource Center
Software Updates
Remote Assistance
Integration Assistance
Suggestion Box
Data Security
Crowdsourced Security
ICD-10
Customer Service Plan
Data Conversion
System Requirements
ePay Login
Windows 10
License Transfer
Financing Options
Get the support you need the way you want it
Community
Dentrix Magazine
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Events Calendar
Tip Tuesdays Blog
Dentrix Office Manager Blog
Dentrix news, forums, blogs and more
About
About Dentrix
Software Donations
Career Opportunities
News
Dentrix Product Reviews
Resource Center
How to Purchase
Home / About / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At Henry Schein Practice Solutions, Inc., your privacy is important to us. The following statement describes the privacy practices we use on our Web site.
Collection and use of Information
If you supply us with your street address, e-mail address, phone number or fax number, you may receive periodic mailings, calls or faxes from us with information about new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings or calls, you may "opt out" by writing, calling, or e-mailing us at the addresses/number listed below:
Henry Schein Practice Solutions, Inc.
1220 South 630 East Suite 100
American Fork, Utah 84003
Attn: Marketing
Phone: 800.336.8749
E-mail: HSPSOptOut@henryschein.com
If you do not wish to receive such faxes from us, you may "opt-out" by writing, faxing, or calling us at the address/numbers listed below:
Henry Schein Practice Solutions, Inc.
1220 South 630 East Suite 100
American Fork, Utah 84003
Attn: Marketing
Phone: 800.985.3015
Fax: 866.609.5506
In addition to the information you volunteer, our web server automatically collects such information as the domain name of the site providing you with Internet access, the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your browser type and version, operating system and platform, the average time spent on our site, pages viewed, information searched for, access times and other relevant statistics. We use this information in order to ensure that unauthorized users do not access the information on our site, and in the aggregate to measure the use of our site and to administer and improve our site.
We also use cookies to provide visitors a personalized experience on our site. Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to the memory or hard drive of a visitor's computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies to allow access without re-entering the visitor's password, to make improvements, and to better tailor our site to our visitors' needs. We also use this information to verify that visitors meet the criteria required to process their requests.
Most browsers used by visitors have options that allow the visitor to control whether the browser will accept cookies, reject cookies, or notify the visitor each time a cookie is sent, but setting a browser to reject cookies will prevent access to our site. In addition, you can delete your cookies from your browser program at any time.
To the extent required or permitted by law, we may also collect, use and disclose personal information in connection with security related or law enforcement investigations or in the course of cooperating with authorities or complying with legal requirements.
In the event you have any questions concerning this Privacy Statement or the information you have provided, you should contact:
Henry Schein Practice Solutions, Inc.
1220 South 630 East Suite 100
American Fork, Utah 84003
Attn: Marketing
Phone: 800.336.8749
E-mail: HSPSCustServ@henryschein.com
Henry Schein Practice Solutions will cooperate with inquiries made by the Federal Trade Commission or European regulatory authorities.
Security
We take commercially reasonable precautions to keep all information obtained from our online visitors secure against unauthorized access and use and we periodically review our security measures. Although there is no way that any Web site can absolutely guarantee the security of your information, Henry Schein Practice Solutions is committed to employing reasonable security measures and to regularly reviewing our security practices. As noted in our Terms and Conditions, however, you are responsible for keeping your login information and passwords confidential. Henry Schein Practice Solutions, Inc. uses Digicert for its sites security certificates. Please be aware that these protection tools do not protect information that is not collected through our Web site, such as information provided to us by e-mail.
While we endeavor to protect the security of sensitive personal information, due to the inherent nature of the Internet as an open global communications vehicle, we cannot guarantee that any information, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our system, processed by our software, or otherwise in our care, will be absolutely safe from intrusion by others, such as hackers.
As noted in our Terms and Conditions, however, you are responsible for keeping your login information and passwords confidential.
Henry Schein Practice Solutions, Inc. uses Digicert for its sites security certificates.
Please be aware that these protection tools do not protect information that is not collected through our Web site, such as information provided to us by e-mail.
Collection of Information From Children
Henry Schein Practice Solutions does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not provide personally identifiable information of any kind whatsoever.
If a child under the age of 13 provides us with personally identifiable information, a parent or guardian of that child may have this information deleted from our records by contacting us through e-mail at HSPSCustServ@henryschein.com, by calling us at 800.336.8749 or by writing to us at:
Henry Schein Practice Solutions, Inc.
1220 South 630 East Suite 100
American Fork, Utah 84003
Making Changes to your Personal Information
You can access and edit any of the personally identifiable information that you have provided by calling us at 800.336.8749 or by writing to us at:
Henry Schein Practice Solutions, Inc.
1220 South 630 East Suite 100
American Fork, Utah 84003
Attn: Customer Service (W-150)
Links to Other Sites
Our site contains links to other Web sites. These sites are not covered by this Privacy Statement, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other sites.
Changes to the Statement
By using our Web site you consent to our collection and use of your information as described in this Privacy Statement. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Statement and related business practices at any time by posting updated text on this site. Please check this page periodically for updates.
Questions About the Privacy Statement - Contact Information
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Statement or Henry Schein Practice Solutions, Inc. online privacy and data security practices, please contact us by e-mail at HSPSCustServ@henryschein.com or by phone at 800.336.8749.
Thank you for visiting our Web site, and for taking the time to read this Privacy Statement.
Last Updated: January 1, 2012
×
Contact Us
Current Customers Support
Phone:
800.814.9496
Email
Current Customers Sales/Upgrade
Phone:
844.220.8062
Email
Request Demo
New Customer Questions/Sales
Phone:
844.691.9977
Email
Request Demo
Go Back
Submit
Close