http://www.nashpartnership.com/privacy/
Skip to content
This privacy notice gives you details of how we collect and process your personal data including through your use of our site – www.nashpartnership.com
Nash Partnership is the data controller and we are responsible for your personal data (referred to as “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy notice).
Contact Details
Our full details are:
Full name of legal entity: Edward Nash LLP trading as Nash Partnership
Email address: mail@nashpartnership.com
Postal address: 23a Sydney Buildings, Bath BA2 6BZ
Telephone number: 01225 442424
Company registration: OC301974
It is very important that the information we hold about you is accurate and up to date. Please let us know if at any time your personal information changes by emailing us at mail@nashpartnership.com
1. What data we collect about you, for what purpose and on what ground we process it
Personal data means any information capable of identifying an individual. It does not include anonymised data.
We may process the following categories of personal data about you:
Communication Data that includes any communication that you send to us whether that be through email, text, social media messaging, social media posting or any other communication that you send us. We process this data for the purposes of communicating with you, for record keeping and for the establishment, pursuance or defence of legal claims. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests which in this case are to reply to communications sent to us, to keep records and to establish, pursue or defend legal claims.
Client Data that includes data relating to any purchases of services such as your name, title, billing address, delivery address, email address, phone number, contact details, and purchase details. We process this data to supply the services you have purchased and to keep records of such transactions. Our lawful ground for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps at your request to enter into such a contract.
User Data that includes data about how you use our website together with any data that you post through other online services. We process this data to operate our website and ensure relevant content is provided to you, to ensure the security of our website, to maintain back-ups of our website and/or databases and to enable publication and administration of our website, other online services and business. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests which in this case are to enable us to properly administer our website and our business.
Marketing Data that includes data about any preferences in receiving marketing from us. We process this data to deliver relevant content to you. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests which in this case are to develop our services, to grow our business and to carry out our marketing strategy.
We may use Client Data, User Data, Technical Data and Marketing Data to deliver relevant website content to you. Our lawful ground for this processing is legitimate interests which is to grow our business. We may also use such data to send other marketing communications to you. Our lawful ground for this processing is either consent or legitimate interests (namely to grow our business).
Supplier Data that includes data about any services you supply to us. Data we may process includes your name, title, address, email address, phone number, contact details, and service details. We process this data to receive the services we have purchased from you. Our lawful ground of processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps at your request to enter into such a contract.
Employee Data that includes employee name, address, phone number, email, emergency contact details, national insurance numbers, and pay records. We process this data to ensure the terms of the contract are being performed and to make salary payments. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests which in this case are to enable us to properly administer employment contracts and make payments. More details are in our employee handbook.
2. Sensitive Data
Sensitive data refers to data that includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data. We do not collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
We do not collect sensitive data as standard. If we are hosting or holding an event, we may ask for details of dietary requirements or access needs. This is to ensure your needs are met as an attendee.
Where we are required to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of the contract between us and you do not provide us with that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract (for example, to deliver our services to you). If you don’t provide us with the requested data, we may have to cancel a service you have ordered but if we do, we will notify you at the time.
We will only use your personal data for a purpose it was collected for or a reasonably compatible purpose if necessary. For more information on this please email us at mail@nashpartnership.com. In case we need to use your details for an unrelated new purpose we will let you know and explain the legal grounds for processing.
We may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent where this is required or permitted by law.
We do not carry out automated decision making or any type of automated profiling.
3. How we collect your personal data
We may collect data about you if you provide the data directly to us (for example by filling in forms or by sending us emails).
About cookies:
Every time you visit our website, software from another provider generates an “anonymous analytics cookie”. A cookie is a piece of information in the form of a very small text file that is placed on an internet user’s hard drive.
These cookies can tell us if you have visited our site before. Your browser will tell us if you have these cookies and we generate new ones if you don’t. This means we can track how many users we have and how often they visit our site.
We only use these cookies for statistics (for example, how many people visited a specific page). We do not use them to identify you as an individual.
More information about cookies, how they work and how you can choose to manage or delete them for your computer can be found at http://www.aboutcookies.org/
4. Marketing communications
Our lawful ground of processing your personal data to send you marketing communications is either your consent or our legitimate interests (namely to grow our business).
Under the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations, we may send you marketing communications from us if (i) you made a purchase or asked for information from us about our goods or services or (ii) you agreed to receive marketing communications and in each case you have not opted out of receiving such communications since. Under these regulations, if you are a limited company, we may send you marketing emails without your consent. However you can still opt out of receiving marketing emails from us at any time.
Before we share your personal data with any third party for their own marketing purposes we will get your express consent.
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by emailing us at mail@nashpartnership.com at any time.
If you opt out of receiving marketing communications this opt-out does not apply to personal data provided as a result of other transactions, such as purchases etc.
5. Disclosures of your personal data
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below:
Service providers who provide IT and system administration services.
Professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers.
Government bodies that require us to report processing activities.
Third parties to whom we sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets.
We require all third parties to whom we transfer your data to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We only allow such third parties to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
6. International transfers
Countries outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) do not always offer the same levels of protection to your personal data, so European law has prohibited transfers of personal data outside of the EEA unless the transfer meets certain criteria.
Many of our third parties service providers are based outside the European Economic Area (EEA) so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we do our best to ensure a similar degree of security of data by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is in place:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that the European Commission have approved as providing an adequate level of protection for personal data by; or
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts or codes of conduct or certification mechanisms approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe; or
If we use US-based providers that are part of EU-US Privacy Shield, we may transfer data to them, as they have equivalent safeguards in place.
If none of the above safeguards is available, we may request your explicit consent to the specific transfer. You will have the right to withdraw this consent at any time.
7. Data security
We have put in place security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used, altered, disclosed, or accessed without authorisation. We also allow access to your personal data only to those employees and partners who have a business need to know such data. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they must keep it confidential.
We have procedures in place to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach if we are legally required to.
8. Data retention
We will only keep your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
When deciding what the correct time is to keep the data for we look at its amount, nature and sensitivity, potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure, the processing purposes, if these can be achieved by other means and legal requirements.
For tax purposes the law requires us to keep basic information about our clients (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years after they stop being clients.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
9. Your legal rights
Under data protection laws you have rights in relation to your personal data that include the right to request access, correction, erasure, restriction, transfer, to object to processing, to portability of data and (where the lawful ground of processing is consent) to withdraw consent.
You can see more about these rights at:
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please email us at mail@nashpartnership.com
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive or refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you.
If you are not happy with any aspect of how we collect and use your data, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We should be grateful if you would contact us first if you do have a complaint so that we can try to resolve it for you.
10. Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. So we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
11. WIFI
We can supply our clients and staff with public access to WIFI to use on their personal mobile devices. Use of the WIFI is granted via a one-off voucher that randomly generates a password which lasts a for a limited time period. Users of this service must comply to our usage terms and conditions. We do not track site visitation and no user information is logged although devices are for routing purposes only. We do not record which device belongs to which user, so this information is not classed as personally identifiable data. Our public WIFI only provides internet access and is completely segregated from our encrypted corporate network to keep our data secure.
Last updated – May 2018
Recent news
Celebrating World Town Planning Day
We reflect on the contributions of town planning to communities on World Town Planning Day.
View more
Housing delivery in Somerset under threat due to phosphate level warning
A new warning issued by Natural England on phosphate levels brings housing delivery across Somerset councils under threat.
View more
Go ahead for mixed-use scheme in Bradford on Avon
Planning permission and listed building consent secured for the site at Manvers House, a listed building with attached annexe and modern office block.
View more
View all News