http://www.swissvalley.com/privacypolicy
ConsumerBusinessMembersAboutContact
Swiss Valley Farms Privacy Policy
Swiss Valley Farms respects your right to privacy. This policy summarizes what personally identifiable information we may collect, and how we might use this information. This policy also describes other important topics relating to your privacy.
Information Collection
Swiss Valley Farms will only collect personally identifiable information (including name, title, company name, address, telephone number, fax number, URL or e-mail address) that you voluntarily provide through our Web site or e-mail correspondence. We will collect general information (such as the type of browser you use, the files you request, and the domain name and country from which you request information) to improve our Web site and better meet your needs.
Use of Information
Before we collect any personally identifiable information, we will provide an explanation for the possible use of your data. Participants are required to provide personal contact information so that Swiss Valley Farms can send them any prizes that they earn. Participants have the option to receive an e-mail newsletter and/or other promotional materials if they desire.
The information you supply will be used by Swiss Valley Farms to respond to your inquiries, supply you with requested information on Swiss Valley Farms products and services, or track issues you report to Swiss Valley Farms and Swiss Valley Farms.com. Authorized third parties may be utilized by Swiss Valley Farms to collect, track and process such information. If you have submitted personal information to Swiss Valley Farms electronically and would like it removed or modified, please contact us at svf: webmaster@swissvalley.com. We will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request.
Children and Parents
Swiss Valley Farms does not intend to collect personally identifiable information from children under age 16 without permission of the child's parent or legal guardian. Children under the age of 16 should submit personally identifiable information to Swiss Valley Farms only with the explicit permission of their parent or legal guardian. Where appropriate, Swiss Valley Farms will instruct children not to submit personal information. If your child has submitted personal information and you would like to request that such information be removed, you may do so as indicated above and Swiss Valley Farms will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request.
Other Important Information
The Swiss Valley Farms web site may contain links to other sites. We do not endorse or otherwise accept responsibility for the content or privacy policies of those sites, unless held by Swiss Valley Farms. Swiss Valley Farms.com does not use "cookie" technology to remember your settings. We do, however, utilize session tracking to remember you as being logged in to our site. The advantage to not using "cookie" technology is that we are not saving any information on your computer that might compromise your computer's security. You will not have to worry about accepting cookies - your personal computer's security remains intact.
It may be necessary, if required by law or if pertinent to judicial or governmental investigations, to release your personally identifiable information.
Swiss Valley Farms reserves the right to modify this privacy policy at any time. We will promptly reflect any such modifications in these Web pages
Legal Usage
Copyright © 2006. All content of this web site is the exclusive property of Swiss Valley Farms and or/its third party content suppliers. Reproduction of any of this content including all text, images, graphics, multimedia materials, software and trademarks for any commercial use is prohibited without prior written permission.
The Swiss Valley Farms Privacy Policy is subject to change at any time. We encourage you to review the privacy policy regularly for any changes.
Consumer  |  Business  |  Members  |  About  |  Contact  |  News  |  Sitemap  |  Privacy Policy
© 2020 Swiss Valley Farms.
All rights reserved.
Edit an Award
Cancel
Loading...
Delete Award