http://www.providentpersonalcredit.com/terms/
Provident ::
Terms
Terms
Access to and use of this website (the “Site”) is subject to the following terms of use (“Terms”). For the purposes of these terms, “we / us / our” means Provident Personal Credit Limited.
Together with our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy, these Terms govern our relationship with you and explain how you may use the Site. References in these Terms to the Site includes the following websites: https://www.providentpersonalcredit.com/ and all associated web pages.
We require that all visitors and customers comply with these Terms and you should read these Terms carefully before using the Site. By accessing or using the Site and any of its pages or documents referred to in them, you indicate your acknowledgement and acceptance to these Terms without limitation or qualification. We recommend that you print a copy of these Terms for future reference.
If you do not agree with or accept any of these Terms, you must stop using the Site immediately.
We reserve the right to vary these Terms from time to time. Our updated Terms will be displayed on the Site and by continuing to use and access the Site following such changes, you agree to be bound by any variation made by us. It is your responsibility to check these Terms from time to time to verify such variations.
1. About Us
Provident is a trading name of Provident Personal Credit Limited (company registration number: 00146091) whose registered office is at No. 1 Godwin Street, Bradford, West Yorkshire, BD1 2SU and is a member of the Provident Financial Plc group. Our VAT number is: 180555952.
If you have any comments or questions about the Site, please contact on 0800 096 6064 or write to us at Provident Personal Credit Limited, No.1 Godwin Street, Bradford, BD1 2SU.
2. Using the Site and Availability of the Site
The Site is for your personal and non-commercial use only.
The content on the Site is provided for your general information purposes only and to inform you about us and our products and news, features, services and other websites that may be of interest. It does not constitute technical, financial or legal advice or any other type of advice and should not be relied on for any purposes.
The Site is intended for use only by those who can access it from within the UK. If you choose to access the Site from locations outside the UK, you are responsible for compliance with local laws where they are applicable.
Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on the Site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on the Site is accurate, complete or up to date. Furthermore, we cannot guarantee that the Site will be fit or suitable for any purpose. Any reliance that you may place on the information on the Site is at your own risk.
We do not guarantee that the Site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. We may modify, suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of the Site without notice at any time.
We may prevent or suspend your access to the Site if you do not comply with any part of these Terms, any terms or policies to which they refer or any applicable law.
3. Your Privacy and Personal Information
Your privacy and personal information are important to us. Any personal information that you provide to us will be dealt with in line with our Privacy Policy, which explains what personal information we collect from you, how and why we collect, store, use and share such information, your rights in relation to your personal information and how to contact us and regulatory authorities in the event you have a query or complaint about the use of your personal information.
Our Privacy Policy is available at https://www.providentpersonalcredit.com/privacy/
4. Ownership, Use and Intellectual Property Rights
The Site and all intellectual property rights in it including but not limited to all material published on the Site are owned by us, our licensors, or both (as applicable). Intellectual property rights means rights such as: copyright, trade marks, domain names, design rights, database rights, patents and all other intellectual property rights of any kind whether or not they are registered or unregistered (anywhere in the world). We and our licensors reserve all of our and their rights in any intellectual property in connection with these Terms.
Nothing in these Terms grants you any legal rights in the Site other than as necessary to enable you to access the Site. You agree not to adjust or to try to circumvent or delete any notices contained on the Site (including any intellectual property notices) and in particular in any digital rights or other security technology embedded or contained within the Site.
You may print or download materials from the Site for your non-commercial use or copy the content to other individuals for their personal information provided that:
no materials (either paper based or digital copies) are modified in any way;
no illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics are used separately from any accompanying text;
our copyright and trade mark notices appear in all copies and you acknowledge the Site as the source of the material; and
the person to whom you are providing these materials is made aware of these restrictions.
The information and materials contained on the Site may not otherwise be copied, transmitted, displayed, distributed, downloaded, licensed, modified, published, posted, reproduced, used, sold, transmitted, used to create a derivative work or otherwise used for commercial or public purposes without our prior written consent.
If you print off, copy or download any part of the Site in breach of these Terms, your right to use the Site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the material you have made.
5. Hyperlinks and Third Party Websites
The Site may contain hyperlinks or references to third party websites other than the Site. Any such hyperlinks or references are provided for your convenience only. We have no control over third party websites and accept no legal responsibility for any content, material or information contained in them. The display of any hyperlink and reference to any third party website does not mean that we endorse, authorise, affiliate with or sponsor that third party’s website, products or services. Your use of a third party site may be governed by the terms and conditions of that third party site.
You are not entitled to (nor will you assist any third party to) link to the Site from another website (whether via hypertext linking, deep-linking, framing, tagging or otherwise) without our prior written consent.
6. Contracting Online
Save where you are applying for a Provident loan, nothing on the Site is intended to be nor should be construed as an offer to enter into a contractual relationship with you or anyone else, except for these Terms which govern the relationship between us in relation to your use of the Site.
If you make a contract with a third party who is named or referred to on the Site, it is your responsibility to ensure that you are comfortable with the terms of that contract and to take legal advice if necessary.
7. Viruses and Malicious Material
We do not guarantee that the Site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform to access the Site. You should use your own virus protection software and you agree that material downloaded or otherwise accessed through the use of the Site is obtained entirely at your own risk and that you will be entirely responsible for any resulting damage to software or computer systems and/or any resulting loss of data, even if such loss and damage was reasonably foreseeable and we had been advised of the possibility of the same.
You must not misuse the Site by knowingly, inadvertently, or negligently introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to the Site, the server on which the Site is stored, or any server, computer or database connected to the Site. You must not attack the Site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use the Site will cease immediately.
8. Our Liability
Except for any liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence, liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law, we expressly disclaim all liability and responsibility for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user arising from (i) the use of, or inability to use, the Site; and/or (ii) use of, or reliance placed on, materials or content displayed on the Site, whether directly or indirectly, resulting from inaccuracies, defects, errors, whether typographical or otherwise, omissions, out of date information or otherwise, even if such loss was reasonably foreseeable and we had been advised of the possibility of the same. Direct, indirect, or consequential loss and damage shall include, but not be limited to, loss of profits, business or contracts, loss of income or revenue, loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation, business interruption and wasted expenditure or management time.
We exclude all implied conditions, warranties, representations or other terms that may apply to the Site or any content on it.
9. General Matters
No one other than a party to these Terms has any right to enforce any of these Terms.
If any provision of these Terms is held by any competent authority to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, then that provision shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions of these Terms.
No delay or failure by us to exercise any powers, rights or remedies under these Terms will operate as a waiver of them nor will any single or partial exercise of any such powers, rights or remedies preclude any other or further exercise of them. Any waiver to be effective must be in writing and signed by our authorised representative.
These Terms, their subject matter and their formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law. You and we both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Last updated: July 2019.
Apply
Representative Example:
Representative 535.3% APR.
A home credit loan from Provident will require a Provident Representative to discuss your income, outgoings and other financial commitments. Available to UK residents aged 18 and over. Written quotations are available on request. Prices may vary in Northern Ireland.
Provident is a trading name of Provident Personal Credit Limited.  Registered Office: No. 1 Godwin Street, Bradford, West Yorkshire, BD1 2SU. Registered number 146091 England. Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.
PfgHcPdPcHcrVm2