http://www.lavi.com/en/privacy-policy
We're committed to helping essential businesses continue to serve the public in a safe and efficient manner.
Explore Social Distancing Queuing Solutions
Store Fixtures
Store Gondolas
4-Foot Portable Store Gondola
2-Foot Portable Store Gondola
Multi Gondola Connector
Wire Basket End Cap Display
24-inch-long Slatwall Shelves
48-inch-long Slatwall Shelves
Adjustable Angle Slatwall Shelf
Endless Wire Slatwall Shelf
Divider Inserts for Endless Wire Shelf
Slatwall Hook
See All Gondola Accessories
Slatwall & Accessories
Hinged Slatwall Panel
Beltrac Merchandising Posts
Wire Basket End Cap Display
24-inch-long Slatwall Shelves
48-inch-long Slatwall Shelves
24-Inch-Long Corner Slatwall Shelves
Adjustable Angled Slatwall Shelf
Small Wire Basket
Large Slatwall Basket
Endless Wire Slatwall Shelf
Slatwall Hook
See All Slatwall Accessories
Merchandising Bowls
Large Merchandising Bowls
Small Merchandising Bowls
Wire Merchandising Bowls
See All Merchandising Bowls
Wire Slat Grid & Accessories
Slat Grid Merchandising Panel
See All Wire Slat Grid Accessories
Nextrac Signage Systems
NeXtrac Queue Builder
Queuing Technology
Electronic Queuing
Virtual Queuing
Safety & Security
Retractable Belt Safety Barriers
Wall-Mounted Retractable Safety Barriers
Tempest Outdoor Retractable Safety Barriers & Signs
JetTrac Portable Retractable Belt Barrier
See All Retractable Belt Safety Barriers
Post and Panel Barriers
Beltrac Partition Posts
Hinged-Frame Panels
See All Post and Panel Products
Swing Gates
Portable Ballistic Panels
Post & Shield Mobile Ballistic Panel
Post & Shield Portable Ballistic Panel
Stanchions for Portable Ballistic Panels
See All Post & Shield Ballistic Products
Hand Sanitizer
Hand Sanitizer Dispenser
Instant Hand Sanitizing Solution
Stanchion for Hand Sanitizer Dispenser
Sign Frame with Hand Sanitizer Graphic
See All Hand Sanitizer Products
Safety Accessories
Magnetic Breakaway Rope End
Emergency Quick-Release Wall Receptacle
Temporary Mount for 18’ and 24' Wall Mounts
Temporary Mount for QuickMount
Social Distancing Queuing Systems
Queue Guard® Germ Shield
Glass Divider Posts
Railing Systems
C.A.T. Cable Railing System
C.A.T. Round Cable Railing Posts
C.A.T Square Cable Railing Posts
Top Rail Tubing and Fittings
1/8" Bulk Roll Cable
Glass Railing Systems
Round Post Glass Railing Systems
Square Post Glass Railing Systems
Cross Bar Railing Posts
Flush Railing Posts
Railing Components
Handrail Brackets
Handrail Saddles
Modular Railing Brackets
Flanges
Glass Panel Grips
Universal Connectors
End Caps and Finials
Short Wall Handrail Brackets
Bar Railing Brackets
Ball Fittings
Flush Fittings
Brass Cap Rail
Glass Cap Rail
Mounting Solutions
Tubing and Extrusion
Polish and Adhesive
Railing Kits
Handrails Kits
Footrail Kits
Catalogs
316-Grade Stainless Steel Round Railing
316-Grade Stainless Steel Square Railing
Brass & 304-Grade Stainless Steel Railing
Continuing Education Online Course
Glass Divider Posts
Industries
Retail
Retail Dispensary
Retail Interactive Showcase
Grocery
Convenience Store
Entertainment
Transportation
Interactive Showcase - Airport Queue Management Systems
Financial
Education
Healthcare
Hospitality
Design/Architecture
Public Sector
SHOP NOW
Lavi Industries Privacy Policy Overview
Effective date: May 15, 2018
COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY
This site (the "Service"), www.lavi.com,  is owned and operated by Lavi Industries ("us", "we", or "our"). Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. At Lavi Industries, we want to make your experience online satisfying and safe. Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we feel you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the use of that information. This privacy statement informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from www.lavi.com
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.
Usage Data
We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking and Cookies Data
What are Cookies?
Cookies are small pieces of text sent to your web browser by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the Service or a third-party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the Service more useful to you.
Cookies can be "persistent" or "session" cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when you go offline, while session cookies are deleted as soon as you close your web browser.
How Lavi Industries Uses Cookies
When you use and access the Service, we may place a number of cookies files in your web browser.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
To enable certain functions of the Service
To provide analytics
To store your preferences
We use both session and persistent cookies on the Service and we use different types of cookies to run the Service:
Essential cookies. We may use cookies to remember information that changes the way the Service behaves or looks, such as a user's language preference on the Service.
Accounts-related cookies. We may use accounts-related cookies to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. We may use these cookies to remember information that changes the way the Service behaves or looks, such as the "remember me" functionality.
Analytics cookies. We may use analytics cookies to track information how the Service is used so that we can make improvements. We may also use analytics cookies to test new advertisements, pages, features or new functionality of the Service to see how our users react to them.
Third-party Cookies
In addition to our own cookies, we may also use various third-parties cookies to report usage statistics of the Service, deliver advertisements on and through the Service, and so on.
What are your choices regarding cookies?
If you'd like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser.
Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
For the Chrome web browser:  support.google.com/accounts/answer/32050
For the Internet Explorer web browser:  support.microsoft.com/kb/278835
For the Firefox web browser:  support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-stored
For the Safari web browser:  support.apple.com/kb/PH21411?locale=en_US
For any other web browser, please visit your web browser's official web pages
Where can you find more information about cookies?
You can learn more about cookies and the following third-party websites:
AllAboutCookies: www.allaboutcookies.org
Network Advertising Initiative: www.networkadvertising.org
Use of Data
Lavi Industries uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Lavi Industries will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, Lavi Industries may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
Lavi Industries may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Lavi Industries
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
"Do Not Track" Signals
We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service and to communicate to our customers.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy and Terms web page: www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy
Pardot
Pardot is a marketing automation service offered by Salesforce that collects, tracks, and reports website traffic. Pardot uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service, and to enable us to communicate with you if you have provided us with contact information. This data is used to respond to your direct inquiries and to provide you with information about our products and services.
You can opt-out of receiving direct communications at any time by simply clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of an email or by contacting us directly at marketing@lavi.com.
For more information on the privacy practices of Pardot, please visit the Pardot/Salesforce Privacy and Terms web page: https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/
Behavioral Remarketing
Lavi Industries uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.
Google AdWords
Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: www.google.com/settings/ads
Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on — tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout — for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy and Terms web page: www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy
Twitter
Twitter remarketing service is provided by Twitter Inc.
You can opt-out from Twitter's interest-based ads by following their instructions: support.twitter.com/articles/20170405
You can learn more about the privacy practices and policies of Twitter by visiting their Privacy Policy page: twitter.com/privacy
Facebook
Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc.
You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page: www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950
To opt-out from Facebook's interest-based ads follow these instructions from Facebook: www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada, the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe, or opt-out using your mobile device settings.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook's Data Policy: www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Pinterest
Pinterest remarketing service is provided by Pinterest Inc.
You can opt-out from Pinterest's interest-based ads by enabling the "Do Not Track" functionality of your web browser or by following Pinterest instructions: help.pinterest.com/en/articles/personalization-and-data
You can learn more about the privacy practices and policies of Pinterest by visiting their Privacy Policy page: about.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The payment processors we work with are:
Authorize.net
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at www.authorize.net/company/privacy
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email:  marketing@lavi.com
By mail: 27810 Avenue Hopkins, Valencia, CA 91355
Need more information?
Call us at 1.888.285.8605 Monday - Friday 7 am to 5 pm, Pacific Time, or complete the form on the following page to contact us.
CONTACT US