https://www.austarab.com.au/privacy/
Privacy | AACCI
Business DirectoryNewsMember Login
Who we are
Who we are
AACCI Board
Chapters
AACCI Constitution
Membership
Become a Member
Benefits Charts
Resources
Business Updates
Events/Webinars
Calendar
Past Events
Certification
Export Certification
Forms
Steps for Export Documentation
eCertify Info
Saudi Visa
Online Payment
Contact Us
Home
Who we are
Who we are
AACCI Board
Chapters
AACCI Constitution
Membership
Become a Member
Benefits Charts
Resources
Business Updates
Events/Webinars
Calendar
Past Events
Certification
Export Certification
Forms
Steps for Export Documentation
eCertify Info
Saudi Visa
Online Payment
Contact Us
Privacy
1. Pricing
All prices are in Australian Dollars (AUD $) and include Goods and Service Tax (GST) where appropriate.
2. Physical Address
Level 5, 121 Exhibition Street, Melbourne Victoria 3000
3. Delivery policy
After applying for membership or booking an event online, you will receive an email confirmation containing your details. We will normally confirm receipt of your application/booking within a few minutes. Upon payment, membership needs to be confirmed by the appropriate Chapter’s Management Committee. If the membership is not confirmed, the Chamber’s National Secretariat will advise you. If you wish to query a membership or event detail, please contact info@austarab.com.au or +61 2 6270 8041.
For events, the following general terms and conditions apply:
Tickets must be paid for in full by two (2) working days prior to an event. AACCI reserves the right to deny entry to delegates with outstanding fees.
AACCI reserves the right to add, withdraw, reschedule or substitute speakers and/or vary advertised programs, prices, venues, seating arrangements and audience capacity.
Dietary requirements must be advised no later than seven (7) calendar days prior to the event. By agreeing to these terms and conditions, the Purchaser acknowledges that failure to provide such notice may result in a meal being served that does not meet their dietary requirements.
The use of cameras, audio and video recorders is at the discretion of AACCI and may not be permitted at an event. AACCI reserves the right to broadcast and/or telecast any event and take photos for publication.
4. Refund policy
4.1. Membership
Membership is refundable only in cases where the Chapter’s Management Committee does not approve the membership application form. The refund will be 100% of the membership fee and will be processed via credit card.
4.2. Events
Cancellation by AACCI
In the circumstance that an event to be held by the Australia Arab Chamber of Commerce & Industry is cancelled by AACCI for any reason, all amounts paid by a Purchaser, less any surcharge for the use of certain credit cards, can be used by the Purchaser as a credit toward a future event or will be refunded by AACCI to the Purchaser.
Cancellation by the Purchaser
In general, unless otherwise stated, event bookings are transferable and if a Purchaser is not able to attend, they may send another person in their place. Please note that prior notice of such a substitution must be provided to AACCI (info@austarab.com.au), seven (7) calendar days in advance of the event.
If a Purchaser is unable to attend or find someone to take their place, the following policy applies:
Cancellations will only be accepted in writing, by email addressed to (info@austarab.com.au).
For notice of cancellation received up to fourteen (14) calendar days prior to the event the Purchaser may choose to either –
Apply the full amount, less any surcharge for use of credit cards for the initial purchase, of the purchase price to another AACCI event as long as such event falls within 4 months of the cancellation date.
Receive a refund of the purchase price, less any surcharge for the use of credit cards for the initial purchase, also less an administrative fee of $25.00, including GST.
For notice of cancellation received less than fourteen (14) calendar days prior to the event but up to seven (7) calendar days prior to the event, the Purchaser may apply the full amount, less any surcharge for use of credit cards for the initial purchase, of the purchase price to another AACCI event as long as such event falls within 4 months of the cancellation date. Refunds will not be issued.
For notice of cancellation received less than seven (7) days prior to an event no refunds or credits will be given.
All refund requests must be made by the attendee or credit card holder.
Refund requests must include the name of the attendee and/or transaction number.
Refunds will be credited back to the original credit card used for payment.
5. Privacy Policy
Introduction
The Australia Arab Chamber of Commerce and Industry (AACCI) (ABN 61 001 639 452) is bound by the National Privacy Principles (“the NPP’s”) as set out in the Privacy Act 1988 (as amended by the Privacy Amendment (Private Sector) Act 2000).
AACCI appreciates the importance of confidentiality when dealing with our members and the broader business community. We are committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring that your contact with us and your use of our web site and other facilities is a safe and rewarding experience.
Collection of Information
The AACCI may collect certain information including:
Business name
Representative’s name
Business address
Email address
Telephone & fax numbers
Occupation
Payment details which may include credit card details
Other information that may be collected when you visit the AACCI website to read or download information. This may include your server address, domain name, date and time you visited the site, pages viewed and the information downloaded.
The AACCI will not collect personal information unless the information is necessary for one or more of its functions and activities. The AACCI will collect personal information by lawful and fair means only and in a manner that is not unreasonably intrusive.
When collecting personal information the AACCI will take reasonable steps to:
Explain AACCI’s identity
Explain the reason for collecting the information
Inform the individual that he/she can access their personal information
Explain the consequences of not providing the information requested.
Sensitive information will not be collected without an individual’s consent. Where a person is aware that information will be collected in the course of AACCI activities, the AACCI will not disclose the information without the individual’s consent. By applying for AACCI membership you agree to list your details or your company’s details in our Business Directory which is available to our members. Information may be collected from you or your company via telephone, email or directly through the AACCI website.
Use of Collected Information
AACCI uses the information collected for purposes including:
Opening and administering member records
Providing services and products to members and non-members
Monitoring the use of our website
Processing payments
Promoting AACCI’s activities and services
Mail outs to members of newsletters, news and events
Employment/internship placements
AACCI will take reasonable steps to ensure the personal information it collects uses or discloses is accurate, complete and up to date.
AACCI will take reasonable steps to protect the information it holds from misuse and loss from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. AACCI regularly reviews developments in security and encryption technologies however, transmission of data over the internet cannot be guaranteed as totally secure. As a result AACCI is unable to guarantee the security of any information transmitted to it from an on-line product or service.
AACCI will take reasonable steps to permanently de-identify personal information if it is no longer needed for any purpose for which the information may be used or disclosed.
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Website.
AACCI provides a Business Directory with the Chamber members’ details.  The contact details for each member are provided when the companies join the Chamber and are removed from the Directory, upon resignation of the member. By applying for membership, the individuals and companies consent to the use of their contact information to other AACCI members. If at any time a member feels that they no longer wish to be a part of this directory they can request to be removed by emailing us at info@austarab.com.au.
There are many links on the AACCI website to external entities, both public and private. The terms and conditions set out in this privacy statement only cover the domain name www.austarab.com.au
Storage of Collected Information
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL) with encryption strength of minimum 128 bit.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Access to collected information
Upon request by an individual AACCI will take reasonable steps to inform that individual, generally, what personal information is held, the purpose and how the information is collected, held and disclosed.
If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, delete or deactivate it by making the change on the Your Profile page in the Members Area or by emailing our National Secretariat at info@austarab.com.au or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed on the website.
Privacy Complaint Process
If an individual has provided AACCI with personal information, that person may make a complaint and have it investigated, governed by the following principles:
All complaints will be treated seriously
All complaints will be dealt with properly
All complaints will be dealt with in a confidential manner
Any privacy complaint will not affect that person’s existing obligations or commercial arrangements that exist between the AACCI and that person.The AACCI is unable to deal with anonymous complaints as it is unable to investigate properly and follow up such complaints. A complaint regarding an alleged breach of privacy should be forwarded in writing to:
The National SecretariatAustralia Arab Chamber of Commerce and Industry PO Box 6005KINGSTON ACT 2604
The contact within the AACCI will be the appropriate person to discuss or resolve the complaint; however, if the complaint is not resolved it will be referred to the Chief Executive Officer. If an individual is not satisfied with the resolution of a complaint they may refer their complaint to the Office of the Federal Privacy Commissioner.
Changes to Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our homepage.
t
About AACCI The Australia Arab Chamber of Commerce and Industry is the peak national association for two-way trade and investment between Australia and the Arab League countries.
Sign up to our Newsletter
Follow us
© Copyright The Australia Arab Chamber of Commerce and Industry 2017 Privacy
web design by kmo