http://www.federalind.com/privacy-policy-for-ca-residents
Privacy Policy for CA Residents
Home
Privacy Policy for CA Residents
IntroductionThis Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the information contained in Standex’s GENERAL PRIVACY NOTICE and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice. The Information We Collect Our websites collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (”personal information”).  In particular, Standex’s websites have collected the following categories of personal information from its consumers within the last twelve (12) months: CategoryExamplesCollectedCategoryExamplesCollectedA. Identifiers.A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier,
online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name,
Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other
similar identifiers.YesB. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer
Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).A name, signature, Social Security number, physical
characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number,
driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number,
education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card
number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical
information, or health insurance information.Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other
categories.YesC. Protected classification characteristics under California or
federal law.Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin,
citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical
or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender
expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual
orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including
familial genetic information).Yes, only for employees or applicants for employmentD. Commercial information.Records of personal property, products or services purchased,
obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or
tendencies.No, unless the products or services were products or services
provided by a Standex companyE. Biometric information.Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological
characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other
identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and
voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical
patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.NoF. Internet or other similar network activity.Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s
interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.YesG. Geolocation data.Physical location or movements.YesH. Sensory data.Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar
information.Yes, only if you have called into a customer-service recorded
lineI. Professional or employment-related information.Current or past job history or performance evaluations.Yes, only for employees or applicants for employmentJ. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational
Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).Education records directly related to a student maintained by an
educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades,
transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes,
student financial information, or student disciplinary records.No, except for the Standex Scholarship ProgramK. Inferences drawn from other personal information.Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics,
psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence,
abilities, and aptitudes.No Personal information does not include:Publicly available information
from government records.Deidentified or aggregated
consumer information.Information excluded from the
CCPA’s scope, like:    health or medical
information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the
California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or
clinical trial data;    personal
information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the
Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial
Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection
Act        of 1994.among Standex affiliates and
subsidiaries to better provide Standex products and services;with contractors, sales
representatives, service providers and other third parties who provide
support to our businesses and are bound by contractual obligations to keep
your information confidential and to use your information only for
purposes specified by us;with third parties to fulfill
the purpose for which you provide it (for example, if you provide contact
details to be able to receive our products, we will share that information
with freight carriers so that the product will be delivered to you);with government or regulatory
agencies, when required to do so to comply with a court order, law or
legal process;with third parties to either
enforce our agreements (for example, billing and collection services) or
to comply with contractual obligations (for example, as part of the
purchase or sale of a business, assets, products or services). Standex obtains the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:Directly from you. For example,
from forms you complete or products and services you purchase.Indirectly from you. For
example, from observing your actions on our Website. How We Use the Information We CollectWe may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following purposes:To fulfill or meet the reason
you provided the information.  For example, if you share your name
and contact information to request a price quote or ask a question about
our products or services, we will use that personal information to respond
to your inquiry.  If you provide your personal information to
purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process
your payment and facilitate delivery.  We may also save your
information to facilitate new product orders or process returns.To provide, support,
personalize, and develop our Websites, products, and services.To create, maintain, customize,
and secure your account with us.To process your requests,
purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud.To provide you with support and
to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your
concerns and monitor and improve our responses.To help maintain the safety,
security, and integrity of our Websites, products and services, databases
and other technology assets, and business.For testing, research,
analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our
Website, products, and services.To evaluate your candidacy for
employment, if you have submitted a job application or inquiry.To respond to law enforcement
requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental
regulations.As described to you when
collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the
CCPA.Standex will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice. To Whom We Disclose Information and WhyExcept as described within this policy, we will not share personal data with a third party unless you consent to the disclosure or the disclosure is required by law.  We may disclose aggregated information (information that does not identify any individual) about our Website visitors without restriction. We do not sell or lease, nor have we in the preceding twelve (12) months sold or leased, any personal information to third parties.All categories of personal information may be (and have been within the preceding twelve (12) months) shared:among Standex affiliates and
subsidiaries to better provide Standex products and services;with contractors, sales
representatives, service providers and other third parties who provide
support to our businesses and are bound by contractual obligations to keep
your information confidential and to use your information only for
purposes specified by us;with third parties to fulfill
the purpose for which you provide it (for example, if you provide contact
details to be able to receive our products, we will share that information
with freight carriers so that the product will be delivered to you);with government or regulatory
agencies, when required to do so to comply with a court order, law or
legal process;with third parties to either
enforce our agreements (for example, billing and collection services) or
to comply with contractual obligations (for example, as part of the
purchase or sale of a business, assets, products or services). Your Rights and ChoicesThe CCPA allows users of our websites that are California consumers to request access to, change or erase their personal data.  California consumers are California residents who are either within California or outside of California on a temporary basis and includes direct customers, employees and business to business customers.  This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights. Access to Specific Information and Data PortabilityYou have the right to request that Standex disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months.  Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (section Exercising Your Rights), we will disclose to you:The categories of personal
information we have collected about you.The categories of sources for
the personal information we collected about you.Our business or commercial
purpose for collecting that personal information.The categories of third parties
with whom we shared that personal information and if disclosed for a
business purpose, which personal information categories were obtained by
which recipient category.A copy of the specific pieces
of personal information we collected about you (also called a data
portability request). Deletion Request RightsYou have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (section Exercising Your Rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:Complete the transaction for
which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service
that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context
of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our
contract with you.Detect security incidents,
protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or
prosecute those responsible for such activities.Debug products to identify and
repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.Exercise free speech, ensure
the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or
exercise another right provided for by law.Comply with the California
Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).Enable solely internal uses
that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your
relationship with us.Comply with a legal obligation.Make other internal and lawful
uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you
provided it. Exercising Your RightsTo exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:Emailing us at privacy@standex.com.Mailing a request to:Standex International CorporationATTN: Data Privacy Officer11 Keewaydin Drive, Suite 300Salem, NH 03079Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information.  You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period.  The verifiable consumer request must:Provide sufficient information
that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we
collected personal information or an authorized representative.Describe your request with
sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and
respond to it.We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.  However, we do consider requests made through your password protected account sufficiently verified when the request relates to personal information associated with that specific account.We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request. Response Timing and FormatWe endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt.  If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account.  If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt.  The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.  For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.  If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In RightsWhile we do not currently sell any personal information, you still have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time (the “right to opt-out”).  To exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by visiting the following Internet Web page link:Do Not Sell My Personal InformationOnce you make an opt-out request, we are required by law to wait at least twelve (12) months before asking you to reauthorize personal information sales.  However, you may change your mind and opt back in to personal information sales at any time by emailing privacy@standex.com.Consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time.You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your opt-out rights.  We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request. Non-DiscriminationWe will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights.  Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:Deny you goods or services.Charge you different prices or
rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other
benefits, or imposing penalties.Provide you a different level
or quality of goods or services.Suggest that you may receive a
different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or
quality of goods or services. Other California Privacy RightsStandex does not track you over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.No third parties engaging in online behavioral tracking collect personal data related to your online activities “over time and across different web sites” through any of our websites or online services.California law allows users of our websites that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal data to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to  privacy@standex.com. Changes to Our Privacy PolicyThis policy is current as of the effective date posted at the bottom of this page.  Any changes made will be posted on this page, so you are responsible for regularly reviewing this policy for any changes.  Your continued use of our websites after any changes to this policy will constitute your acceptance to such modifications and updates. Contact InformationIf you have any questions or comments about this policy or our privacy practices, please contact us by email at: privacy@standex.com or by mail at:Standex International CorporationATTN: Data Privacy Officer11 Keewaydin DriveSalem, NH 03079 Effective date: January 1, 2020Last modified:  December 17, 2019
Print this page
Visit our Facebook page.
Visit our Twitter page.
Visit our LinkedIn page.
Visit our Instagram page.