https://www.reedbusiness.com/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and conditions - Reed Business Information
rbi reed business information
Skip to main content
Navigate the site
Menu
Search the site
HomeAbout us Our business Our leadership Truly global ResponsibilityProducts & ServicesCareersNewsContact
Twitter LinkedIn
Terms and conditions
All advertisements are subject to Reed Business Information’s standard terms and conditions. Advertisers are reminded of their legal obligations under the Equality Act 2010. Further information is available on the Equality and Human Rights Commission site: http://www.equalityhumanrights.com/
RELX and the RE symbol are trade marks of RELX Group plc, used under license.
For Netherlands terms & conditions please click here
Reed Business Information Limited
Terms & Conditions for Advertisers
General
All Advertisements accepted for publication by Reed Business Information Limited (‘RBI’) in any of its print or online publications are accepted subject to these terms and conditions. Any other conditions proposed by the Buyer shall be void unless accepted by RBI in writing.
In these conditions:
“Advertiser” means the person whose goods or services are advertised;
“Advertisement” means display, recruitment, online, email, mail order and classified advertising and shall include inserts, supplements and re-directed advertisements;
“Buyer” means the person placing the order for the insertion of the Advertisement;
“Medium” means the print or online publication taking the booking.
“RBI Site” means the RBI website(s) onto which an Advertisement is sold
All Advertisements are accepted subject to space being available in the Medium.
RBI reserves the right to cancel any order without liability in the event of becoming aware of any meetings of creditors, bankruptcy, liquidation proceedings, the appointment of a receiver or administrative receiver over the whole or substantial part of the Buyer’s assets, or any indication whatsoever of financial difficulties.
These conditions and all other express terms of the contract between RBI and the Buyer shall be governed and construed in accordance with the Laws of England and the parties hereby submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.
The Buyer agrees at all times in its conduct of business with or on behalf of RBI strictly to comply with all applicable laws, ordinances, codes, regulations, standards and judicial and administrative orders (jointly “Applicable Laws”) relevant to its duties, obligations and performance including, without limitation, Applicable Laws related to bribery such as the United States Foreign Corrupt Practice Act and the UK Bribery Act and those enforced in the country where the Buyer is resident or conducts its business.
Buyer and its officers, directors, employees and agents shall engage only in legitimate business and ethical practices in commercial operations and in relation to its dealings with any employee or official of a government agency or any other government owned, operated or controlled entity (including, without limitation, state run universities, hospitals and libraries), or political parties or candidates (jointly “Government Official”). Neither Buyer nor any of its officers, directors, employees or agents shall pay, offer, give, promise or authorize the payment, directly or indirectly, of any monies or anything of value to any commercial contact or Government Official for the purpose or intent to induce such person to use his/her authority to help the Buyer, RBI, and/or any affiliate of RBI for personal gain or for that of the RBI or its affiliates (any such act, a “Prohibited Payment”). A Prohibited Payment does not include a payment of reasonable and bona fide expenditures, such as travel or lodging expenses, which are directly related to the promotion, demonstration or explanation of products or services or the execution or performance of a contract, provided that such payments are permissible under Applicable Laws. Buyer further agrees not to accept any payment or other benefit in money or in kind from any person as an inducement or reward for any act or forbearance or in connection with any matter or business transacted by or on behalf of RBI
Buyer to contract as Principal
The Buyer warrants that the Buyer contracts with RBI as principal notwithstanding that the Buyer may be acting directly or indirectly for the Advertiser as an advertising agent or media buyer or in some other representative capacity. Where the Buyer is the Advertiser’s advertising agency, the Buyer warrants that it is authorised by the Advertiser to place the Advertisement with RBI.
Delivery and Ownership of materials
Materials delivered must conform to RBI’s specifications. RBI reserves the right to charge the Buyer for work it required to amend materials to conform to its specifications but accepts no liability for such work.
Any intellectual property rights in designs prepared by RBI shall remain the property of RBI and Advertisements including such designs may not be reproduced without RBI’s consent.
Booking procedures
If an Advertisement includes a promotion, competition or a special offer of merchandise the Advertiser must provide full details to RBI on request.
Prices and Payment terms
Prices published by RBI from time to time are subject to revision at any time and orders are accepted on the condition that the price binds RBI only in respect of the period specified in the applicable rate card.
Series discounts apply only to orders placed in advance and completed within the agreed period. RBI reserves the right to adjust advance discounts and/or to surcharge in the event of a series of Advertisements not being completed within that period. If the Buyer cancels the balance of a contract to publish a series of Advertisements, except in the circumstances set out in paragraph 23, it relinquishes any series discount and all Advertisements will be paid for at the appropriate rate.
Prices are exclusive of applicable Value Added Tax which the Buyer shall additionally be liable to pay to RBI.
Credit accounts must be settled in accordance with the terms shown on the invoice, which are strictly net. In default, all outstanding transactions will become liable for immediate settlement. Interest will be charged monthly on overdue accounts at the rate of 2% above the HSBC Bank plc Minimum Lending Rate.
Limitations on RBI’s Liability
Except to the extent specified in paragraph 15, RBI shall not be liable for any loss or damage suffered by the Buyer as a result of any total or partial failure (howsoever caused) of publication, distribution or availability of any Medium in which any Advertisement is scheduled to be included or for any error, misprint or omission in the printing of any Advertisement. In the event of an error or omission by RBI, which detracts materially from the Advertisement, RBI will either reinsert the Advertisement or relevant part of the Advertisement in a subsequent issue or make a reasonable refund of or adjustment to the price paid by the Buyer. No reinsertion, refund or adjustment will be made for any other error or omission or where the error or omission is the result of delivery of materials which do not comply with RBI’s specifications.
The total liability of RBI to the Buyer for any act or omission of RBI, its servants or agents relating to any Advertisement shall not exceed the amount of a full refund of any price paid to RBI for the Advertisement or the cost of a reasonably comparable further or corrective Advertisement. Without limiting the foregoing, RBI shall not be liable for any loss of profits or business or for indirect or consequential loss. RBI accepts no liability for the repetition of an error in an Advertisement ordered for more than one insertion unless notified immediately the error occurs. Complaints regarding reproduction of printed Advertisements must be received in writing within one calendar month of the cover date.
RBI accepts no responsibility for the quality of reproduction of any photograph supplied by the Buyer, its agents or servants.
Cancellation or suspension
Cancellation or suspension of an Advertisement by the Buyer must be received in writing by RBI within the period specified by the appropriate Medium. Periods for acceptance of cancellation or suspension vary in accordance with differing production requirements.
RBI reserves the right to omit or suspend an Advertisement at any time for good reason, without liability to the Buyer and shall notify the Buyer as soon as possible. If such omission or suspension is due to the act or default of the Buyer, the Advertiser or their respective servants or agents, then the Buyer shall pay for the Advertisement in full notwithstanding that the Advertisement has not been published.
Buyer’s Warranties and Indemnities
The Buyer warrants that the Advertisement does not contravene the British Code of Advertising Practice and is not in breach of any relevant legislation, including the Equality Act 2010, the Obscene Publications Act and any other legislation or regulation, such as those relating to the provision of Financial Services, which apply to specific Advertisers, products or services.
If any Advertisement submitted for publication contains the name or pictorial representation (photographic or otherwise) of any living person and/or any part of any living person and/or copy by which any living person is or can be readily identified, the Buyer warrants that the Buyer or the Advertiser has obtained the authority of such living person to make use of such name, representation and/or copy.
The Buyer will indemnify and hold harmless RBI from and against any claim that the Advertisement infringes the copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights of any person or that it is defamatory or infringes any other right of any person. RBI reserves the right to withdraw and/or refuse to publish an Advertisement without liability to the Buyer if it reasonably believes that the Advertisement may make RBI or the Advertiser liable to any complaint, claim or proceedings.
The Buyer is solely responsible for fulfilling and dealing with any orders or enquiries relating to the goods, services or promotion to which the Advertisement relates and will indemnify and hold RBI harmless accordingly.
Print Advertising
Copy must be supplied by the Buyer without application from RBI. If copy instructions are not received by the agreed date, no guarantee can be given that any agreed proofs will be supplied or corrections made and RBI reserves the right to repeat the most appropriate recent copy or omit the Advertisement. Where a layout or proof is submitted to the Buyer, it must be returned on the date specified and RBI reserves the right to publish the Advertisement in the same form as any layout or proof submitted if the layout or proof is not returned on the date specified. In any of these cases, the total price of the order will remain unaltered.
If, at its discretion, RBI considers it necessary to modify the space or alter the date or position of the Advertisement or make any other alteration to an Advertisement accepted for insertion, the Buyer will have the right to cancel the publication of the Advertisement if the alterations requested are unacceptable.
Where an Advertisement has been accepted by RBI and includes inserts RBI reserves the right to charge the full price if the inserts fail to arrive at the agreed time and place for insertion.
Charges will be made to the Buyer where printers are involved in extra production work owing to acts or defaults of the Buyer or the Advertiser.
All gross display Advertisement rates are subject to the current Advertising Standards Board of Finance (‘ASBOF’) levy payable by the Buyer. Where an order is placed by a Buyer who is an advertising agency, the Buyer will be responsible for paying the levy to ASBOF. Where an Advertiser places advertising direct, RBI reserves the right to add the ASBOF levy to its gross rate and pass this direct to ASBOF.
Directory Advertising
RBI cannot guarantee the position of any printed Advertisement. Advertisements will be placed as near as possible to the selected position as the page make-up permits. RBI reserves the right to modify the wording of any classification or trade heading in the Medium or the Advertisement.
Requests for cancellation or reduction of an order may be considered but only if received in writing by RBI within 28 (twenty eight) days from signing the order providing that such notification is made at least 28 (twenty eight) days prior to the final copy date.
Changes in printed copy must be confirmed in writing by the Buyer in time for the changes to be made to the Advertisement by RBI. RBI reserves the right to charge for any additional expenses involved in such changes.
Online Advertising
The Buyer must deliver complete creative content to RBI at least 2 working days before 9am on the go-live date in a format which complies with RBI’s online ad formats for such content. To cancel or alter an order the Buyer must inform RBI by e-mail or fax to the number or address on the order, at least 2 working days before 9am on the go-live date Otherwise, RBI may not be able to achieve the specified go-live date but the Buyer must pay the full amount irrespective of whether any delivery target for impressions have been met.
If the Buyer is supplying creative content or change of creative to be used in rotations, in the form of a redirected advertisement, the Buyer must inform RBI in advance.
If an Advertisement links to another site, the Buyer is responsible for maintaining the link and for the content of the linked site. RBI may remove any Advertisement which contains content or links to a site which, in RBI’s opinion, is defamatory or objectionable or will bring RBI into disrepute. The Buyer will indemnify RBI from and against any claims or liability arising from links contained in an Advertisement.
Advertisements may contain only such information and code as is necessary to run the Advertisement effectively on the relevant RBI Site. Advertisements may not contain tags, cookies, beacons or similar technology which identifies users of any RBI Site or enables the Buyer or any third party to serve such users with any advertising other than the Advertisement.
If an Advertisement is supplied which does not comply with these terms and conditions or RBI receives complaints regarding an Advertisement, RBI may, at its discretion, remove the Advertisement from display without reference or liability to the Buyer.
Where an Advertisement is sold on a cpm basis, RBI will provide the Buyer with delivery statistics and campaign reports on a regular basis throughout the campaign period. The statistics and other reports provided by RBI shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the Buyer and are in lieu of any other right of audit.
The Buyer’s sole remedy if RBI, or its third party subcontractors who may host and serve Advertisements from time to time, make an error in displaying any Advertisement is the cost of re-running the relevant Advertisement. Neither RBI nor its subcontractors shall be liable for failure to display the Advertisement caused by circumstances outside their control.
Recruitment Advertising
Any Buyer or Advertisers who is either an employment agency or an employment business (as defined by the Employment Agencies Act 1973 (‘the Act’)) must ensure that Advertisements comply with their obligations under the Act and the Conduct of Employment Agencies and Employment Businesses Regulations 2004.
Buyers and Advertisers agree to deal fairly and professionally with individuals who may respond to a recruitment related Advertisement and to indemnify RBI from and against any claim brought by an individual against RBI arising from a breach of this obligation or any other of these terms and conditions.
RBI does not guarantee any response to recruitment related Advertisements or that responses will be from individuals suitable for the job advertised. It is the Advertisers responsibility to carry out such checks and procedures as are necessary to ensure that candidates are suitable for the job advertised and have the required qualifications and personal characteristics.
Back to top
© 2019 Reed Business Information Ltd
Part of
HomeAbout us Our business Our leadership Truly global ResponsibilityProducts & ServicesCareersNewsContact
Subscription info
Advertise
Privacy
Privacy (China)
Privacy (NL)
Privacy (FR)
Privacy (California)
Cookie Preference Centre
Cookie Notice
Cookie Notice (NL)
Remove from mailing lists
Content licensing
General Data Protection Regulation
Local reporting requirements
Modern Slavery Act statement
Terms and conditions
Terms and conditions (Netherlands)
Supplier payment terms
Reed Business Information Ltd