https://www.bandai.com/childrens-privacy-policy/
fab
fab
fab
fab
Brands
Premium Bandai
Support
Foundation
Children’s Privacy Policy
The Company respects the privacy of children and we are committed to complying with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”).
This Children’s Privacy Policy governs our practices with respect to the collection of information from children under the age of 13.
What We Collect and How We Use It. We do not require children to share any personal information (as defined under COPPA) (“Personal Information”) in order to use the children’s areas of the Website.
For example, children can view content, play games and enjoy many features of this section of the Website without providing any Personal Information.
We also may collect anonymous information automatically from your child’s device, such as a mobile device identifier, solely to support the Website’s internal operations.
We collect this information so we can understand and monitor usage of the Website, customize content on the Website and improve the performance of the Website.
Special Circumstances for Information Sharing and Security. We may share information collected from children with vendors that perform services for us, such as vendors providing technical services to us, including analytics. We may also share children’s Personal Information with third parties if we are required to do so by law or to the extent reasonably necessary to protect the security or integrity of our Website, take precautions against liability, or respond to judicial process or requests from other governmental authorities; or when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity.
We may also share Personal Information if the Company transfers ownership of the Company or its assets (e.g., in the course of a transaction like a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, liquidation).
The buyer or transferee will be required to honor the commitments we have made in this Children’s Privacy Policy.
Company takes reasonable steps to help protect and secure children’s Personal Information. However, please remember that no data storage or data transmission over the Internet, or by other means, can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Thus, Company cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us or our service providers through our Website.
Parent’s Rights. Under COPPA, you have the right to review and have any of your child’s information deleted from our records.
You also have the right to tell us to stop collection or using your child’s Personal Information. If you have questions concerning our information practices with respect to children, or if you would like to review, have deleted, or stop the further collection of your child’s Personal Information in connection with the transaction for which it was originally collected:
You may email us at privacy@www.bandai.com.
By mail: Privacy At Bandai, 2120 Park Place, Suite #120, El Segundo CA 90245
This marks the end of the Children’s Privacy Policy.
Brands
Support
About
News
Careers
Foundation
Bandai.com © 2020 Bandai America Incorporated.
Privacy Policy
Children’s Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Employee Notice for Personal Information