https://www.data-axle.com/how-we-help/financial-services/
Skip to content
Search for:
Who We Are
Our Data
Business DataAccess nearly 300 attributes about millions US and Canadian businesses, in real-time.
Consumer DataAlmost 200 consumer attributes updated in real-time and compiled from over 90 sources.
B2C LinkPersonal and professional data attributes in a single profile for a 360-view of your audience.
Donor DataHundreds of attributes on your donor community to inform effective online and offline campaigns.
What We Do
Services
Data ProcessingData hygiene, enhancement, appends, and more to make your data actionable.
Agency ServicesData sciences, consulting, creative, campaign execution, media planning.
Database ServicesMarketing, prospect, and analytic databases built to power your growth.
Lead GenerationB2B and B2C lead gen via opt-in digital placements and co-branded emails.
Data MonetizationMonetize your data with our end-to-end list management service.
Products
Data Axle Apps
Acquisition Platform
Credit Solutions
Inboxable
Local Listings
Reference Solutions
Data Axle USA
Data Axle Genie
Local Results
How We Help
By Need
AcquisitionContinually acquire profitable new customers to grow your business.
IntelligencePower learning opportunities to improve performance and deepen insights.
RetentionReduce attrition and increase lifetime value and loyalty to increase profitability.
Data LicensingLicense our data to build and improve products, applications, and services.
By Vertical
Agency
B2B Technology
Government
Financial Services
Insurance
Library & Academia
Nonprofit & Political
Retail
Resellers
Small Business
Customer Success
Case Studies
Testimonials
Recognition
Design Gallery
Resources
Thought Leadership
Blog
Expert Q&A
News & Media Coverage
Contact Us
866-DATAXLE
Solutions for Financial Services companies
Mitigate risk, nurture relationships, and build new products
We help financial institutions mitigate risk, build relationships, determine the best offers for each audience, and develop more effective tools for their customers and employees.
Contact us
Improve customer retention and increase lifetime value
Use predictive marketing to generate revenue and enhance the customer experience by creating highly relevant offers and services, all through the use of a variety of data points spanning intent, purchase history, life events, psychographics, and more. Pinpoint the right time to put offers in front of each individual customer.
Learn about our Agency Services
Tailor your messaging to each audience segment
Data Axle’s team uses predictive models and machine learning to help you identify new and micro-segments within your audience. We then help your marketing and sales teams develop personalized, highly targeted campaigns that resonate with each group based on their needs, interests, and values.
Learn about our data science team
"It’s been a career highlight to support two of the five largest financial services companies in the country. I've loved helping them mature their communication strategies so they can effectively deliver the tools their customers need to manage their financial future. I look forward to continuing to empower them to rethink how they structure and leverage their own data as well as Data Axle’s, to acquire new customers, build brand loyalty, and deliver meaningful, data-driven communications.
"
Kyle Henderick
Sr. Account Director
Prioritize prospects and mitigate risks with predictive analytics
With predictive analytics and a wealth of data updated in real-time, you can get information on existing and prospective clients on demand, to understand which products and services they’re likely to need and whether or not they qualify for them.
Contact us
Make your data actionable and secure
We can help you put technology and processes in place that give your entire organization a foundation of accurate data, linked through our unique persistent IDs that support identity resolution. Our team of security experts ensure your data is secure and compliant with any laws and regulations.
Consult with our experts
"I really appreciate the one-on-one support we have received from Data Axle. During the migration, their team was instrumental in ensuring a smooth and seamless transition. I’ve managed a number of other platform migrations and I can confidently say that I have received the highest quality of service from Data Axle's team.""
Email Marketing Specialist
Ensure important documents reach the intended recipient
Using our suite of postal processing solutions, we will ensure you’re working with the most up-to-date and deliverable business & consumer addresses to reduce the risk of delivery failure for important documents. When using email Data Axle’s proprietary deliverability service will help you get more of your messages into your recipients’ inbox.
Learn about our Data Processing services
Use our data in your own systems and products
Use our business and consumer data to enhance your own processes and products and ensure your team leverages accurate information in real-time. Take our data a step further and drive intelligent decision-making or expand the functionality of a product or feature.
Find out how and get a free trial
Get direct feedback from your customers
Data Axle’s team can help you plan, create, and manage programs to collect first-hand data from your customers through polls, surveys, and more, so you can get direct input on their preferences, habits, and values and use this insight to improve customer experience, communication strategy, and marketing campaigns.
Reach out to us
Reach out to consult with a financial services solutions experts
We respect your privacy. Data Axle will use the information you provide in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You may opt-out of all marketing communications at any time.
Related content
whitepaper
The finance industry's guide to marketing data
The financial industry is changing and savvy financial services companies are gaining traction by leveraging consumer data to deliver first-rate customer experiences and improve marketing ROI.
Learn more
blog
5 ways the finance industry has gone above and beyond to attract the millennial consumer
In order to earn the loyalty of millennial customers, finance brands have had to think outside the box.
Read on
case study
Easyfinancial gained upwards of 500k impressions and 1,700 extra landing page views after 2.6% of email recipients shared the promotional email on at least one social media network.
Learn how