http://www.goldlineinternationalinc.com/privacy-policy.html
Home
About Us
Product Lines
Discount In Stock Equipment
Loading Rack
General Pedestal Rack Type 1
Goldline Type 3 1/2 Loading Rack
Tank, ISO Container, Hopper Type 1
Tank, ISO Container, Hopper Truck Type 2
Tank, ISO Container, Hopper Truck Type 3
Tank, ISO Container, Hopper Truck Type 4
Rail Tank, Hopper Car Type 1
Rail Tank, Hopper Car Type 2
Rail Tank, Hopper Car Type 3
Rail Tank, Hopper Car Type 4
Rail JIB Cranes
"Safe-Walk" Unit
Bridges
Self-Leveling Stairs
Ramps
Extendable Base
Power "Safe-Walk"
Goldline "Safe-Walk" Service and Maintenance
Safety Cages
General Safety Cages
Power Safety Cages
Mobile Racks
Mobile Racks - Page 2
Mobile Racks - Quality Control
Hose Handlers
Gallows
Pipe Bridges
Nautical Safety
Nautical General Page 2
Nautical Pedestal Turntable Gangways Page 3
Nautical Pedestal Turntable Gangway for Ship Access Page 4
Nautical Turntable Gangways Turntable Page 5
Nautical Extendable Gangway Page 6
Nautical Fiberglass & Aluminum PPE Boxes
Equipment Testing & Quality Control
Installation and Service of Goldline Equipment
Pipe & Dike Walkways and Ladders
Jib Cranes
Traveling Trolleys
Product Solutions
Product Solutions
Warranty Policy
Design Regions
Policy of Services
"About Us" in Video Short Version
"About Us" in Video Long Version
Forms and Publications
Contact Us
Goldline International Privacy Policy
Goldline International Equip. Mfg. LLC use of personal information that you may submit to Goldline International Equip. Mfg. LLC through this Web site is governed by the Goldline International Equip. Mfg. LLC Privacy Policy. Under no circumstance will your information be shared with anyone else except Goldline employees. Your contact information is yours and will not be willingly distributed electronically or any other means.
Toll Free: 1-800-722-1608 or Houston area: 713-475-1201 Email: contact@GoldlineSafeWalk.com
Terms and Conditions
The following Terms and Conditions apply to the use of this Web site as well as all transactions conducted through the site.
Legal Notice
All notices from Goldline International Equip. Mfg. LLC to You may be posted on our Web site and will be deemed delivered within thirty (30) days after posting. Notices from You to Goldline International Equip. Mfg. LLC shall be made either by e-mail, sent to the address we provide on our Web site, or first class mail to our address at:
110 N. Shaver
Pasadena Texas, 77506
Delivery shall be deemed to have been made by You to Goldline International Equip. Mfg. LLC five (5) days after the date sent.
Toll Free: 1-800-722-1608 or Houston area: 713-475-1201 Email: contact@GoldlineSafeWalk.com
Copyright
All content appearing on this website is the property of:
Goldline International Equip. Mfg. LLC
110 N. Shaver
Pasadena, Texas 77506
Copyright © 2014-2018 Goldline International Equip. Mfg. LLC. All rights reserved. As a user, you are authorized only to view, copy, print, and distribute documents on this Web site so long as (1) the document is used for informational purposes only, and (2) any copy of the document (or portion thereof) includes the following copyright notice: Copyright © 2014-2018 Goldline International Equip. Mfg. LLC. All rights reserved.
Trademarks
All brand, product, service, and process names appearing on this Web site are trademarks of their respective holders. Reference to or use of a product, service, or process does not imply recommendation, approval, affiliation, or sponsorship of that product, service, or process by Goldline International Equip. Mfg. LLC. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel, or otherwise any license or right under any patent, copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property right of Goldline International Equip. Mfg. LLC or any third party, except as expressly granted herein.
Toll Free: 1-800-722-1608 or Houston area: 713-475-1201 Email: contact@GoldlineSafeWalk.com
Use Of Site
This site may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed. Information on this site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Information, including product pricing and availability, may be changed or updated without notice. Goldline International Equip. Mfg. LLC and its subsidiaries reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, and/or cancel orders in its discretion, including, without limitation, if Goldline International Equip. Mfg. LLC believes that customer conduct violates applicable law or is harmful to the interests of Goldline International Equip. Mfg. LLC and its subsidiaries.
Toll Free: 1-800-722-1608 or Houston area: 713-475-1201 Email: contact@GoldlineSafeWalk.com
Consumer Agreement
Goldline International Equipment Mfg.LLC does wish our customers to have the best service possible. However, it is the customer's responsibilty to contact Goldline International direct within 30 days of purchase if there is a shipping or product problem that may arises unexpectedly. All Goldline online products are allowed a return warranty except in the event of criminal mischief or abuse of the product for which was not intended by Goldline International.
If customer has a complaint or problem, it is the customer’s responsibility to contact Goldline International Equipment Mfg. LLC within 30 days. At this point, Goldline International has the right to refuse responding to complaints or product issues.
Toll Free: 1-800-722-1608 or Houston area: 713-475-1201 Email: contact@GoldlineSafeWalk.com
Shipping & Delivery
At this time, Goldline International Equip. Mfg. LLC ships merchandise to locations within the United States and U.S. territories, including Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, Guam, and the US Virgin Islands. Goldline International Equip. Mfg. LLC does NOT ship merchandise to "without written permission" Canada and Mexico or other international locations. The risk of loss and title for all merchandise ordered on this Web site pass to you when the merchandise is delivered to the shipping carrier.
Toll Free: 1-800-722-1608 or Houston area: 713-475-1201 Email: contact@GoldlineSafeWalk.com
International
Goldline International Equip. Mfg. LLC does NOT ship merchandise to "without written permission" Canada, Mexico or other international locations via the online store. Please contact Goldline direct for shipping outside the United States territories.
Toll Free: 1-800-722-1608 or Houston area: 713-475-1201 Email: contact@GoldlineSafeWalk.com
Customs and import duties may be applied to International orders when the shipment reaches its destination. Such charges are the responsibility of the recipient of your order and vary from country to country. Contact your local customs office for details.
Shipping laws are different in each country. It is your responsibility to check with your Customs office to verify whether the country to which you are shipping permits the shipment of your products. Goldline International Equip. Mfg. LLC is not responsible for any direct, indirect, punitive, or consequential damages that arise from improper international shipping practices.
Goldline International Equip. Mfg. LLC does NOT ship merchandise to Canada, Mexico or other international locations via the online store. Please contact Goldline direct for shipping outside the United States territories.
Toll Free: 1-800-722-1608 or Houston area: 713-475-1201 Email: contact@GoldlineSafeWalk.com
Sales Tax
Goldline International Equipment Mfg. LLC does charge sales tax except Texas and Louisiana for online purchases. If you believe you are except from current sales tax law, please contact Goldline International prior to your online purchase.
Toll Free: 1-800-722-1608 or Houston area: 713-475-1201 Email: contact@GoldlineSafeWalk.com
Warranties
The Content included in this Web site has been compiled from a variety of sources and is subject to change without notice as are any products, programs, offerings, or technical information described in this Web site. Goldline International Equip. Mfg. LLC makes no representation or warranty whatsoever regarding the completeness, quality, or adequacy of the Web site or Content, or the suitability, functionality, or operation of this Web site or it’s Content. By using this Web site, you assume the risk that the Content on this Web site may be inaccurate, incomplete, offensive, or may not meet your needs and requirements. Goldline International Equip. Mfg. LLC SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT WITH RESPECT TO THESE WEB PAGES AND CONTENT. IN NO EVENT WILL Goldline International Equip. Mfg. LLC BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES EVEN IF COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
-- OR Depending on State --
The information and content on this server is provided "as is" with no warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. Any warranty that is provided in connection with any of the products and services described on this Web site is provided by the advertiser or manufacturer only, and not by Goldline International Equip. Mfg. LLC.
The references and descriptions of products or services within the Web site materials are provided "as is" without any warranty of any kind, either express or implied. Goldline International Equip. Mfg. LLC is not liable for any damages, including any consequential damages, of any kind that may result to the user from the use of the materials on this Web site or of any of the products or services described hereon.
The descriptions of, and references to, products, services and companies on this Web site are the sole responsibility of the companies providing the information ("advertisers"), and not Goldline International Equip. Mfg. LLC.
The inclusion of material on this server does not imply any endorsement by Goldline International Equip. Mfg. LLC, which makes no warranty of any kind with respect to the subject matter of the server materials advertised.
A possibility exists that the server materials could include inaccuracies or errors. Additionally, a possibility exists that unauthorized additions, deletions, and alterations could be made by third parties to the server materials. Although Goldline International Equip. Mfg. LLC tries to ensure the integrity and the accurateness of the server materials, it makes no guarantees about their correctness or accuracy. Before relying on any representation made in any of the server materials, check with the advertiser of the product or service to ensure that the information you are relying upon is correct.
Return Policy
You may purchase merchandise from this Web site by using any one of the payment options listed in (link to Payment Options). reserves the right to change its payment procedures at any time without prior notice to you. At this time, Goldline allows our products to be returned at customers risk and expense for 30 days for a full refund. Goldline highly recommends customer pay shipping insurance on any return that merchandise is returned within that 30 day period without delay. It is expressly the customer’s responsibility to meet this guideline for return of merchandise within 30 days for a full refund of merchandise but NOT the original cost of shipping to the customer. This 30 day return policy is to show Goldine International Equipment Mfg. LLC does intend to give our customers plenty of time to decide the value of our products. However, no return will be accepted (for full refund less original cost of shipping) after the 30 day return policy from date of purchase.
Toll Free: 1-800-722-1608 or Houston area: 713-475-1201 Email: contact@GoldlineSafeWalk.com
Store Hours
Customer service is available between 8:30 to 4:00 Monday through Friday United States central time zone. After hours, please leave a message. Goldline will endeavor to return any contact request via email or phone within 24 business hours.
Toll Free: 1-800-722-1608 or Houston area: 713-475-1201 Email: contact@GoldlineSafeWalk.com
Miscellaneous
Miscellaneous legal notice:
Although the information on this Web site is accessible worldwide, not all products or services discussed in this Web site are available to all persons or in all geographic locations or jurisdictions. and the advertisers each reserve the right to limit the provision of their products or services to any person, geographic area, or jurisdiction they so desire and to limit the quantities of any products or services that they provide. Any offer for any product or service made in the materials on this Web site is void where prohibited.
GOVERNING LAW: In the event of litigation both parties agree that the Law of the State of business registration of shall apply and both parties shall consent to the jurisdiction of said (Texas State's courts located only in Houston Texas). Both parties expressly waive a trial by jury.
MISCELLANEOUS: The Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and with respect to this Web site. The Terms and Conditions supercede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written between you and with respect to this Web site. No modification of the Terms and Conditions shall be effective unless it is authorized by . If any provision of the Terms and Conditions is found to be contrary to law, then such provision(s) shall be constructed in a manner to closely reflect, as much as possible, the intentions of the parties, with the other provisions remaining in full force and effect.
Toll Free: 1-800-722-1608 or Houston area: 713-475-1201 Email: contact@GoldlineSafeWalk.com