http://www.cantrellcrowley.com/privacy-cookie-policy
Privacy and Cookie Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Cantrell & Crowley uses and protects any information that you give Cantrell & Crowley when you use this website.
Cantrell & Crowley is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
We know that privacy is important, and we make protecting it a top priority. We do not sell, rent, loan or otherwise share any information. We respect your right to privacy and will not collect any personal information about you on this website without your clear permission. Any personal data that you volunteer, if retained, will be held on secure servers. The nature of the Internet is such that we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us via the Internet. No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. However, we will take all reasonable steps (including appropriate technical and organisational measures) to protect your personal data.
Cantrell & Crowley may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 25.05.2018.
Personal Data
Personal data is data that identifies you or can be used to identify or contact you and may include, for example, your name, address, mobile number, or email address.
This personal data that you volunteer to us will be processed for the following purposes:
To contact you in response to communications
To provide you with the information or service requested
To send you email alerts that you have opted-in to receive by filling in our online forms or contacting us by email or by other means. We also provide the facility to opt-out of receiving such communication on the site and within each such email we send you.
We will not disclose your personal data unless you have consented to this disclosure.
You have the right to request a copy of any personal data held by us about you. You also have the right to have such data corrected where it is inaccurate or misleading. You also have the right to have this data deleted.
Collection and use of Non-Personal Data
Like most websites, we gather statistical and analytical information collected on an aggregate basis of all visitors to our website. This non-personal data comprises information that cannot be used to identify or contact you, such as:
Visitor’s country of origin
The previous website address from which the visitor reached us, including any search terms used
Clickstream data, which shows the traffic of visitors around this web site (for example pages accessed and documents downloaded)
The IP address of a visitor to our website is recorded as part of this statistical data. However, no attempt whatsoever is made to link this IP address to any other information that may allow us to identify any individual visiting our site. We only use the non-personal data gathered from visitors to our website in an aggregate form to get a better understanding of where our visitors come from and to help us better design and organise our website.
If you choose to visit this site and use this site, your visit and use and any dispute arising therefrom in respect of privacy, is subject to this Privacy Statement.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies for Google Analytics to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes.
The retention period for data collected via Google Analytics is 26 months after your last visit.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information.
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at mail@cantrellcrowley.com.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may inform us of any changes in your Personal Data, and in accordance with our obligations under the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003 as well as the General Data Protection Regulation 2018 we will update or delete your Personal Data accordingly. To find out what Personal Data we hold on you or to have your Personal Data updated, amended or removed from our database, please email us with a request at mail@cantrellcrowley.com. Any such data subject requests may be subject to the prescribed fee.