https://www.equimedia.co.uk/privacy-policy?hsLang=en-gb
Privacy Policy | equimedia
Our Services
DTC Solution
About Us
The Team
Careers
Our Work
Resources
Blog
Whitepapers
Webinars
Contact
07974 354040
Privacy Policy
Privacy & Cookie Policy ...
This site is operated by equimedia Limited, a company incorporated in England (registration number 3892399), the registered office of which is First Floor, Stella Building, Whitehall Way, Windmill Hill Business Park, Swindon, SN5 6NX.
As a valued visitor to our website, we are committed to maintaining your privacy and being clear & transparent on how we use cookies and any personal data you submit to us.
PERSONAL DATA
If you complete a form on this site, you will be asked to provide certain information about yourself (such as your name, address and email address). equimedia respects the privacy concerns of users of this web site and complies with all applicable UK Data Protection legislation currently in force in relation to its treatment of personal information. This privacy statement sets out our policy in relation to how it uses any personal information collected from you through your use of this site.
By disclosing your personal information to equimedia Limited, you consent to the collection, storage and processing of your personal information in the manner set out in this privacy policy.
In the event that you would like to update your details or have any queries regarding this privacy statement please contact equimedia by any method set out at the bottom of this page.
Prior to completing a form on this website you will also be asked to confirm that you have read our terms and conditions. Our terms and conditions explain how we securely store and use your data. They also explain how this website uses cookies (as below).
USE OF COOKIES
equimedia use cookies to recognise website visitors and to store the way visitors use this site. This allows us to analyse website activity, so we can optimise the user experience and make sure we offer the best content for visitors. We use cookies in order to give us information on the number of visitors to different parts of our website and thus to monitor which areas are most useful.
We also occasionally run targeted advertising to generate relevant traffic for this website. In order to target this advertising effectively, we use a cookie to ensure this advertising is targeted and relevant.
The cookies we use do not contain any personally identifiable information.
Read more about how this site uses cookies.
LINKS
This site contains some links to other websites. We are not responsible for the content or privacy policies of any of these sites.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
The equimedia privacy policy may change at any time, so you may wish to check it each time you visit our website.
CONTACT DETAILS
By Post:
equimedia LimitedStella BuildingWindmill Hill Business ParkWhitehill WaySwindonSN5 6NX
Subscribe to our newsletter
Opportunities
If you’re passionate about all things digital and are sold on a career in digital marketing, equimedia is the place to be. Check out our Media Exec Grad Scheme and the latest opportunities here - Join Us.
Office
Old Station House, Station Approach, Newport Street, Swindon, United Kingdom, SN1 3DU
Call us
(01793) 715440
Proud supporters of
Fresh from our blog
equimedia Ltd 2020
Accessibility | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy
Send us an email
Email: enquiries@equimedia.co.uk
Call Us
Telephone: 01793 715440
Drop us a line
Book a Virtual Meeting
How can we help
Click a service to arrange a meeting
with one of our specialists
Multi-Channel Campaigns
Paid Search
SEO & Content
UX & UI Design
CRO
Social Media
Analytics
Web Development
Display & Programmatic
We're here to help
During this period of uncertainty we are still operating at 100%. Our brilliant team are working remotely at the same fast pace and to the same high quality. Whether you need support or are an existing client, we're here for you.
Find Out More
X