https://www.stephengeorge.co.uk/policies/
Coronavirus (COVID-19)
Like many businesses in the UK, SGP is taking steps to deal with the effects of the coronavirus. Our priority is to continue to service our clients and projects in as normal a manner as circumstances permit and to safeguard the health and wellbeing of our staff, their families and the community at large.
SGP is continually monitoring Government and NHS guidance regarding social distancing and avoidance of non-essential travel and has put in place infrastructure and resources for all staff to work remotely.
We will be re-opening all our offices, subject to any local restrictions and Government guidance, on Monday 7th September 2020. Our offices will be running at 50% capacity through a combination of home and office working. We will continue to provide uninterrupted service to our clients and to meet our social obligations to our teams and the community at large. All visitors to our offices will be asked to comply with our Covid-Secure procedures which will be provided when arrangements to visit are made.
We have taken reasonable steps to keep our staff contactable, when working from home, through our remotely operated switchboards and business telephone numbers and we can communicate effectively with one another and our clients using available videoconferencing technology.
We are adopting a policy which avoids travelling to and attending meetings in person and are reassured that our clients and fellow consultants are taking a similar approach.
The situation is changing all the time.  SGP will continue to monitor developments and take reasonable action to maintain business operation and safety of persons with whom we work.
Privacy Policy
Stephen George + Partners are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy aims to give you information on how we collect and process personal data through the use of this website, including any data you may provide when you sign up to the SGP blog or newsletter.
View the full Privacy Policy
Anti-Slavery Policy
At Stephen George + Partners we aspire to maintain the highest standard of employee conduct and ethical behaviour. We encourage confidential reporting of concerns related to the direct activities of our business and supply chain. We operate with a zero tolerance of slavery and human trafficking within our business. Our internal recruitment process involves us working only with selected reputable employment agencies, which eliminates the risk of slavery and human trafficking.
View the Full Modern Slavery Policy