https://www.screencheck.com/cookies-policy/
Home
ID Card Software
BadgeMaker
CardsOnline
ID Card Printers
ScreenCheck SC2500 ID Card Printer
ScreenCheck SC4500 ID Card Printer
ScreenCheck SC6500 ID Card Printer
ScreenCheck SC7000 Retransfer
Magicard Rio Pro
Evolis Primacy
Evolis Quantum 2
Zebra ZC10L Card Printer
Solutions
FoodSigns
K-12 ID
College ID
Care ID
Supplies & Accessories
Badge Holders
Badge Reels
Card Printer Ribbons
Cleaning Kits
Lanyards
PVC Cards
Support
Support Center
Downloads
Secure File Upload
BadgeMaker supported printers
CardsOnline supported Printers
ScreenCheck ID Solutions
News
About us
Technological Innovation
Partners
Become Reseller
Reseller portal
Contact
Cookies Policy
ScreenCheck International B.V. Cookies Policy
30 January 2020, Version 1.0
About this cookie policy.
This Cookie Policy explains what cookies are and how ScreenCheck International B.V. (“ScreenCheck”, “us”, “we”, or “our”) uses them. Read this policy to understand what cookies are, how we use them, the types of cookies we use i.e, the information we collect using cookies and how that information is used and how to control the cookie preferences. For further information on how we use, store and keep your personal data secure, see our Privacy Policy.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Your consent applies to the following domains: www.screencheck.com
Your current state: No consent given. Manage your consent.
What are cookies ?
Cookies are small text files that are used to store small pieces of information. The cookies are stored on your device when the website is loaded on your browser. These cookies help us make the website function properly, make the website more secure, provide better user experience, and understand how the website performs and to analyze what works and where it needs improvement.
How do we use cookies ?
As most of the online services, our website uses cookies first-party and third-party cookies for a number of purposes. The first-party cookies are mostly necessary for the website to function the right way, and they do not collect any of your personally identifiable data.
The third-party cookies used on our websites are used mainly for understanding how the website performs, how you interact with our website, keeping our services secure, providing advertisements that are relevant to you, and all in all providing you with a better and improved user experience and help speed up your future interactions with our website.
What types of cookies do we use ?
The cookies used on our website are grouped into the following categories.
Necessary
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Performance
We use performance cookies to make sure that the website is working properly and fix any errors.
Analytics
The analytics cookies are used to collect anonymous information about the usage of our websites to help us continuously improve our services. The analytics cookies we use do not contain personal data, nor do they collect any.
Advertisement
These cookies are used by third parties to display personalized advertisements on sites, based on recent searches and previous interactions.
Functional
Functional cookies help us personalize our websites by remembering your preferences and settings. For example, to remember settings on the websites like color, font size and layout.
How ScreenCheck uses cookies
When you use and access our websites, we may place several cookies files in your web browser. ScreenCheck uses cookies for the following purposes:
To enable certain functions of our websites
To provide analytics
Help us understand how visitors use our websites, so we can improve them
To store your preferences
For security purposes
Keep track of your browsing behavior so that ScreenCheck can offer you tailor-made content and advertisements.
Cookies that may run on our websites
The below list details the cookies used in our website.
Cookie
Description
Necessary
cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category “Necessary”.
viewed_cookie_policy
The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.
qtrans_front_language
This cookie is set by qTranslate WordPress plugin. The cookie is used to manage the preferred language of the visitor.
Performance
YSC
This cookies is set by Youtube and is used to track the views of embedded videos.
_gat
This cookies is installed by Google Universal Analytics to throttle the request rate to limit the colllection of data on high traffic sites.
Analytics
uvc
The cookie is set by addthis.com to determine the usage of Addthis.com service.
GPS
This cookie is set by Youtube and registers a unique ID for tracking users based on their geographical location
Advertisement
NID
This cookie is used to a profile based on user’s interest and display personalized ads to the users.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
This cookie is set by Youtube. Used to track the information of the embedded YouTube videos on a website.
IDE
Used by Google DoubleClick and stores information about how the user uses the website and any other advertisement before visiting the website. This is used to present users with ads that are relevant to them according to the user profile.
Functional
lang
This cookie is used to store the language preferences of a user to serve up content in that stored language the next time user visit the website.
What are your choices regarding cookies
You can manage your cookies preferences by clicking on the “Settings” button and enabling or disabling the cookie categories on the popup according to your preferences.
Should you decide to change your preferences later through your browsing session, you can click on the “Privacy & Cookie Policy” tab on your screen. This will display the consent notice again enabling you to change your preferences or withdraw your consent entirely. In addition to this, different browsers provide different methods to block and delete cookies used by websites. You can change the settings of your browser to block/delete the cookies.
Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
Where can you find more information about cookies
You can learn more about cookies at the following third-party websites:
AllAboutCookies: http://www.allaboutcookies.org
Wordpress: https://wordpress.org/about/privacy/cookies
Woocommerce: https://docs.woocommerce.com/document/woocommerce-cookies
Google: https://policies.google.com/technologies/types?hl=en-US
Twitter: https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies
Addtoany: https://www.addtoany.com/privacy
Language
English
Nederlands
Newsletter
Leave this field empty if you're human: Contact information ScreenCheck BV
Koraalrood 33
2718 SB, Zoetermeer
The Netherlands
CC The Hague 27277715
Tel: +31 (0)79 360 1160
info@screencheck.com
Follow us
© 2020
All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy | Cookies Policy
This website uses cookies
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However you may visit Cookie Settings to provide a controlled consent.Cookies SettingsAcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Cookies Settings
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website. Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us, how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy and our Cookie Policy.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Performance
performance
We use performance cookies to make sure that the website is working properly and fix any errors.
Analytics
analytics
The analytics cookies are used to collect anonymous information about the usage of our websites to help us continuously improve our services. The analytics cookies we use do not contain personal data, nor do they collect any.
Advertisement
advertisement
These cookies are used by third parties to display personalized advertisements on sites, based on recent searches and previous interactions.
Functional
functional
Functional cookies help us personalize our websites by remembering your preferences and settings. For example, to remember settings on the websites like color, font size and layout.
Save & Accept