http://www.ukstt.org.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
General Enquiries
+44 (0)192 6513 773
admin@ukstt.org.uk
Website Terms and Conditions / Privacy Policy
UKSTT (United Kingdom Society for Trenchless Technology). Registered in England and Wales. Company No. 02928687. Registered office address: Camden House, Kenilworth, Warwickshire, CV8 1TH.
UKSTT Registered Charity No 2928687 (England & Wales)
WEBSITE Terms & Conditions
Please read these Terms carefully before using this site
This website is provided by The United Kingdom Society for Trenchless Technology (“UKSTT”) and may be used for informational purposes only. By using the site or downloading information (“Materials”) from the site, you agree to abide by the terms and conditions set forth in this notice. If you do not agree to abide by these terms and conditions do not use the site or download Materials from the site.
Access to and use of this website (Site) is provided by UKSTT subject to the following Terms and Conditions.
Your use constitutes acceptance of these Terms and Conditions as at the date of your first use of the Site.
UKSTT reserves the rights to change these Terms and Conditions at any time by posting changes online. Your continued use of this Site after changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of this agreement as modified.
You agree to use this Site only for lawful purposes, and in a manner,  which does not infringe the rights, or restrict, or inhibit the use and enjoyment of the site by any third party.
This Site and the information, names, images, pictures, logos regarding or relating to UKSTT are provided “AS IS” and on an “IS AVAILABLE” basis without any representations or any kind of warranty made (whether express or implied by law) to the extent permitted by law, including the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy. Under no circumstances will UKSTT be liable for any of the following losses or damage (whether such losses where foreseen, foreseeable, known or otherwise): (a) loss of data; (b) loss of revenue or anticipated profits; (c) loss of business; (d) loss of opportunity; (e) loss of goodwill or injury to reputation; (f) losses suffered by third parties; or (g) any indirect, consequential, special or exemplary damages arising from the use of ukstt.org regardless of the form of action.
It is your responsibility to protect your computer against viruses and hackers by installing a computer anti-virus protection program and ensuring that it is regularly updated, and by validating the source of diskettes and e-mails/other attachments before opening them. We also recommend that you use a firewall to protect yourself whilst connected to the internet.
UKSTT does not warrant that the functions contained in the Material contained in this site will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that this Site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs or represents the full functionality, accuracy and reliability of the materials.
Copyright restrictions
Commercial use or publication of all or any item displayed is strictly prohibited without prior authorisation from UKSTT. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring any licence by UKSTT to use any item displayed.
Documents may be copied for personal use only on the condition that copyright and source indications are also copied, no modifications are made and the document is copied entirely. However, some documents and photos have been published on this Site with the permission of the relevant copyright owners (who are not UKSTT). All rights are reserved on these documents and permission to copy them must be requested from the copyright owners (the sources are indicated within these documents/photographs).
Third Party Sites
As a convenience to you, UKSTT may provide, on this Site, links to Web sites operated by other entities. If you use these sites, you will leave this Site. If you decide to visit any linked site, you do so at your own risk and it is your responsibility to take all protective measures to guard against viruses or other destructive elements. UKSTT makes no warranty or representation regarding, and does not endorse, any linked Web sites or the information appearing thereon or any of the products or services described thereon. Links do not imply that UKSTT or this Site sponsors, endorses, is affiliated or associated with, or is legally authorized to use any trademark, trade name, logo or copyright symbol displayed in or accessible through the links, or that any linked site is authorized to use any trademark, trade name, logo or copyright symbol of UKSTT or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries.
UKSTT takes no responsibility for the content of external Internet Sites.
External Links to the Site
All links to the Site must be approved in writing by UKSTT, except that UKSTT consents to links in which: (i) the link is a text-only link containing only the name “UKSTT”; (ii) the link “points” only to www.ukstt.org or www.ukstt and not to deeper pages;(iii) the link, when activated by a user, displays that page full-screen in a fully operable and navigable browser window and not within a “frame” on the linked website; and (iv) the appearance, position, and other aspects of the link may neither create the false appearance that an entity or its activities or products are associated with or sponsored by UKSTT nor be such as to damage or dilute the goodwill associated with the name and trademarks of UKSTT or its Affiliates. UKSTT reserves the right to revoke this consent to link at any time in its sole discretion.
Contributions to UKSTT
Where you are invited to submit any contribution to UKSTT (including any text, photographs, graphics, video or audio) you agree, by submitting your contribution, to grant UKSTT a perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive, sub-licensable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, play, make available to the public, and exercise all copyright and publicity rights with respect to your contribution worldwide and/or to incorporate your contribution in other works in any media now known or later developed for the full term of any rights that may exist in your contribution, and in accordance with privacy restrictions set out in UKSTT’s Privacy Policy (link to privacy policy). If you do not wish to grant UKSTT the rights set out above, please do not submit your contribution to UKSTT.
Further to paragraph 8, by submitting your contribution to UKSTT, you:
12.1. warrant that your contribution;
12.1.1. is your own original work and that you have the right to make it available to UKSTT for all the purposes specified above;
12.1.2. is not defamatory; and
12.1.3. does not infringe any law; and
12.2. indemnify UKSTT against all legal fees, damages and other expenses that may be incurred by UKSTT as a result of your breach of the above warranty; and
12.3. waive any moral rights in your contribution for the purposes of its submission to and publication on ukstt.org.uk and ukstt.com and the purposes specified above.
If you post or send offensive or inappropriate content anywhere on or to ukstt.org or otherwise engage in any disruptive behaviour on ukstt.org, and UKSTT considers such behaviour to be serious and/or repeated, UKSTT may use whatever information that is available to it about you to stop any further such infringements. This may include informing relevant third parties such as your employer, school or email provider about the infringement/s.
Any communication or material that you transmit to, or post on, any public area of the Site including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like, is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary information.
If there is any conflict between these Terms and Conditions and rules and/or specific terms of use appearing on this Site relating to specific material then the latter shall prevail.
If any of these terms are determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws of any state or country in which these terms are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction in which that term is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from these terms and the remaining terms shall survive, remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
These terms and conditions shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. Any disputes shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England and Wales.
If these Terms and Conditions are not accepted in full, the use of this Site must be terminated immediately.
UKSTT Communities
COMMUNITY TERMS AND CONDITIONS
By accessing the UKSTT Communities you agree to these terms and conditions of use.
UKSTT may change these Terms at any time by amending this page. Please check this page from time to time to inform yourself of any changes. We will provide notice to you on the Community Announcement of any major changes to these Terms for at least 30 days following the change.
By using these Communities and continuing to use them following any change, you confirm that you accept these Terms and that you agree to comply with them.
Please read these Terms carefully before using the Communities.
Our website uses cookies from third party services to improve your browsing experience. Read more about this and how you can control cookies by clicking "Privacy Preferences".
Privacy Preferences
I Agree