http://www.fujioileurope.com/en/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Home
Privacy policy
General
Fuji Oil Europe is responsible for the processing of personal data as shown in this privacy statement.
Personal data that we process
Fuji Oil Europe processes your personal data when you use our services and/or when you provide it to us yourself.
Below is an overview of the personal data we process:
First and last name
Email address
IP address
Other personal data that you actively provide by, for example, applying for a job, via correspondence and by telephone
Location details
Details about your activity on our website
Data about your surfing behaviour across different websites (for example because this company is part of an ad network)
Particular and/or sensitive personal data that we process
Our website and/or service does not intend to collect data about website visitors who are younger than 16 years old, unless they have permission from their parents or guardians. However, we cannot check if a visitor is older than 16. We encourage parents to be involved in the online activities of their children, in order to prevent data about children being collected without parental consent. If you believe that we have collected personal information about a minor without this permission, please contact us via info@fujioileurope.com and we will delete this information.
For what purposes and on what basis we process personal data
Fuji Oil Europe processes your personal data for the following purposes:
To send our newsletter and/or advertising brochure
To call you or email you if this is necessary to carry out our services
To inform you about changes to our services and products
To provide you with the possibility to create an account
To deliver goods and services to you
Fuji Oil Europe analyses your behaviour on the website in order to improve the website and to tailor the range of products and services to your preferences.
Fuji Oil Europe monitors your surfing behaviour on various websites with which we tailor our products and services to your needs.
Fuji Oil Europe processes your personal data on the basis of one of the following principles:
Permission
Agreement
Legitimate interest
How long we store personal data
Fuji Oil Europe does not store your personal data longer than is strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which your data is collected.
Sharing personal data with third parties
Fuji Oil Europe does not sell your information to third parties and only provides your information if it is necessary for the execution of our agreement with you or to comply with a legal obligation. With companies that process your data on our assignment, we conclude a processor agreement to ensure the same level of security and confidentiality of your data. Fuji Oil Europe remains responsible for processing these operations.
Cookies or similar techniques that we use
Fuji Oil Europe only uses technical and functional cookies. And analytical cookies that do not infringe your privacy. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer, tablet or smartphone when you first visit this website. The cookies we use are necessary for the technical operation of the website and your ease of use. They ensure that the website works properly and remember, for example, your preferences. With this, we can also optimise our website. You can opt out of cookies by setting your internet browser so that it does not store cookies anymore. In addition, you can also delete all previously saved information via the settings of your browser.
Modify or delete data
You have the right to correct or delete your personal data. In addition, you have the right to withdraw your consent to data processing or object to the processing of your personal data by Fuji Oil Europe, and you have the right to data portability. This means that you can submit a request to us to send the personal information we have in your computer file to you or another organisation named by you.
You can send a request for correction, deletion, data transfer of your personal data or request the cancellation of your consent or object to the processing of your personal data to info@fujioileurope.com.
In order to ensure that the request for correction or removal has been made by you, we ask you to send a copy of your proof of identity with the request. Make your photo black in this copy. This is to protect your privacy. We will respond to your request as quickly as possible, but within four weeks.
How we protect personal data
Fuji Oil Europe take the protection of your data seriously and take appropriate measures to prevent misuse, loss, unauthorised access, unwanted disclosure and unauthorised modification. If you have the impression that your data is not properly secured or there are indications of misuse, please contact us through our customer service or via info@fujioileurope.com.