http://www.koppglass.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
PRIVACY POLICY
Home
Privacy Policy
Kopp Glass, Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy. This policy explains how we handle information we learn about you while you visit our site. The information that we receive depends on what you do during your visit, and what service(s) you request.
Data Collected
We collect two types of information: personal and demographic. Personal information is any information that you choose to submit to us and that is specific to your identification, including but not limited to your first and last name, your name or your employer's business name, job function, address, email address and phone and fax numbers.
Demographic information is information that cannot be associated with you personally including, but not limited to domain information, zip codes and areas of interest. We also keep track of your browsing patterns.
Use of Data
When you request information, place an order, submit feedback, or participate in a seminar or survey, it is necessary for you to offer certain personal information about yourself so that we could serve your needs. We will not send you information unless you specifically request it, or we feel that the information would benefit your business needs. If you decide that you do not want to receive further information, simply contact us and request to be removed from the contact list. When you order a sample from us, a customer representative may contact you to follow up. The demographic information that is collected through our site is used to evaluate how our site is used and how it can be improved. It may also be used for marketing and investment analysis.
Cookies
Some features of this site use cookies. Cookies are small files that the site places on your hard drive for identification purposes. Please note that cookies cannot read information on your hard drive. We use cookies to measure our web trafficking processes, so that we may make our site more efficient. We also use cookies to offer you certain services and to customize your visit. If you are a registered user, you can specifically request that our site remembers your login information. By doing so, you are allowing us to place a permanent cookie onto your computer. You may choose to turn off cookies completely, but you will not be able to use certain site services.
Disclosure to Third Parties
In order to offer certain services, Kopp Glass hires subcontractors to ease business transactions. In the event that we share your personal information with these subcontractors, they will use your personal information for the sole purpose of providing the specific service they are hired for, and they will not disclose your personal information to any third parties.
Security
Systems that store your information are firewall protected. Access to sensitive information is restricted to authorized personnel. If we ask for any credit card or financial information, this information is transmitted through Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology, which encrypts sensitive information. Some information that is transmitted between our site and our registered users is also SSL encrypted, depending on the sensitivity of the information.
Share this page:
Share on Facebook
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Twitter
News, Events, Tradeshows
Kopp Glass Voluntarily Reduces Emissions from Specialty Glass Plant
Thursday, August 6, 2020
Kopp Advances UV Light Sterilization and Disinfection for a Broad Range of COVID-19 Applications
Thursday, July 30, 2020
Show More
Blog
UV LED Product Database Eases Selection Process As Market Grows
Thursday, July 2, 2020
Optimize UV LED Arrays For Efficiency and Performance
Wednesday, July 18, 2018
Show More
© 2020 Kopp Glass Inc.
Privacy Policy
User Agreement
Search
Search
Custom Solutions
Why Kopp
Why Glass
Custom Development Process
UV LED Optic Design Lab
Glass Portfolio
Capabilities
The Kopp Team
Research and Engineering
High-Performance Glass Manufacturing
Knowledge Center
Catalog Solutions
Airfield Lighting
Filter Glass
Cover Lenses
About
Industries Served
Mission and Values
Making History
News and Events
Careers
Blog
Contact Us
Request a Quote