https://www.filmindiana.com/privacy/
Filmography
Film Festivals
Locations
Location Directory
Submit a Location
Production
Production Directory
Register Now
Update Existing Listing
Filming in Indiana
Incentives
Permits
Labor Laws
Film Application
Jobs
Casting
Crew
Internship
Submit a Job Listing
Education
Submit an Education Listing
Home > Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the Film Indiana’s Website and reviewing our Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy describes what information is made available when you visit the website and describes how that information is used and stored.  These policies apply only to the Film Indiana Website, so if you link to a website maintained by someone other than Film Indiana, you would be subject to their policies. See “Links to Other Websites” under the Terms of Use, which is incorporated by reference.
Accessibility Statement
Film Indiana adheres to the policies of the State of Indiana in regards to accessibility.  See http://www.in.gov/core/accessibility.html for further details.
Data Collection
If you choose to identify yourself by sending the Film Indiana an e-mail or using online forms, Film Indiana will use that information to respond to your message or to fulfill the stated purpose of the communication.  No personal information is collected when you visit the site unless you voluntarily submit your personal information.  Film Indiana will not sell or rent your voluntary personal information, distribute it to third parties, or otherwise use the information for commercial marketing purposes, unless you have permitted it. If requested by law enforcement authorities, Film Indiana may disclose information you submit for law enforcement purposes in accordance with legal requirements.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to record past site activity in order to provide better service, when visitors return. You are not required to accept any cookies to use this site.
Google Analytics Advertising Features disclosure: We use Google Analytics Advertising Features, including Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. We use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics and DoubleClick cookies) to gain insights regarding the demographics of our website visitors.
You can read more about the cookies used by Google Analytics Advertising Features by visiting the Google Privacy Policy page. For information about Google Analytics currently available opt-outs, please click here. You can also generally opt-out of receiving personalized ads from third party advertisers and ad networks who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt-out pages on the NAI site and DAA site.
Film Indiana may use Google Analytics to collect general information about the number of visitors to the Film Indiana Website.  This data contains information such as how many users visited a certain page on the Website, dates visited, referral sources, and session lengths.  As a matter of policy, Film Indiana views this information in aggregate numbers only; there is no individual identification of viewers in Film Indiana’s analysis of its Website.
Film Indiana maintains a list of subscribers who have requested to receive periodic e-mail updates and newsletters.  Any recipient of a Film Indiana email may unsubscribe from future messages via a link at the bottom of each email message.  Film Indiana does not sell, rent, exchange, or otherwise disclose the list subscribers to persons or organizations outside Film Indiana.
Voluntary Personal Information
E-Mail Inquiries:  When visitors submit inquiries to the Film Indiana through the Website, the user’s email address is collected and stored in the secure server.  Film Indiana uses this information solely for the purposes of responding to inquiries.
Subscribers
If a visitor chooses to voluntarily provide information by subscribing to Film Indiana’s newsletter and/or email updates, Film Indiana collects the following personal information:  first and last name, email address, company name, job title, city, and state.  This information is stored on a secure server and used only for the purpose of sending the newsletter and relevant Indiana-related updates.  Any recipient of Film Indiana email may unsubscribe from future messages via a link at the bottom of the email message.  Film Indiana does not sell, rent, exchange, or otherwise disclose the list of subscribers to persons or organizations outside of Film Indiana.  This data is not shared with any third parties.
Film Indiana Directory
The Film Indiana webpage allows users to create their own listings which are publicly searchable in the Indiana Production Directory.  Any information that is included in the user’s individual listing is collected and stored on servers maintained by Williams Randall.  The user has complete control of the amount of information he/she includes in his/her listing and is responsible for updating and/or deleting the listing at the user’s discretion.  Film Indiana only uses the information that is collected for the purposes of sending a newsletter with information on events and networking opportunities, including responding to industry requests for the State of Indiana to provide information for features on its production crews.
Security
Film Indiana will take reasonable, technical, and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse, or alteration of your personal information.  Our website is hosted through Williams Randall.
Child Privacy Protection
Film Indiana believes in the importance of protecting the privacy of children.  The Film Indiana Websites are not directed to children under age thirteen (13), and Film Indiana does not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children.
Film Indiana encourages parents and teachers to supervise their children’s Internet explorations.  It is particularly important for parents to guide their children when children are asked to provide any personal information on the Internet.  In the event that children, unbeknownst to Film Indiana, provide information through the Film Indiana’s Websites, Film Indiana only uses the information to provide a response to the writer and not to create profiles of children.
Film Indiana maintains pages on several social media networking websites, including Facebook and Instagram.  Film Indiana encourages parents and teachers to refer to the privacy policies and terms of use that govern the use of these websites.  Film Indiana is unable to identify if children voluntarily submit personal information via Film Indiana’s social media pages, and Film Indiana strongly encourages parents and teachers to monitor the Internet activity of their children.
Changes to this Policy
Film Indiana may, from time to time and as it deems necessary in its sole discretion, revise this Privacy Policy.   If Film Indiana makes any substantial changes to the policy, the Film Indiana may provide notice by posting an announcement on the Film Indiana Website.  This is a statement of policy and should not be interpreted as a contract of any kind.  Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Contact Information
Questions regarding this Privacy Policy or other policies and practices of Film Indiana Website should be directed to Film Indiana by sending an email inquiry to: FilmIndiana@VisitIndiana.com.
Film Indiana is a department under the Indiana Office of Tourism Development.
Explore FilmIndiana.comLocations
Production
Filming in Indiana
Job Opportunities
Education
Filmography
Film Festivals
ResourcesTax Incentives
Film Application
Connect Other LinksAbout Film Indiana
Contact Us
VisitIndiana.com
Indiana Film Commission
One North Capitol
Suite 600
Indianapolis, IN 46204
(800) 677-9800
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Sitemap
Industry Links
© 2020. All rights reserved.