http://www.nafeco.com/home/privacy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
NAFECO cares about protecting its customers’ privacy. In the process of providing the products and services you requested, we will collect and use certain information you have provided. This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect and how we use that information. The policy also explains how we protect the security and confidentiality of your information.
Policy Details
What do we collect?
We collect and retain the information necessary for us to provide the products and services you requested. In that process we may collect non-public information from you as a result of: your completion of an New Account Form or other forms; your transactions and experience with us; or from a consumer reporting agency such as a credit bureau. We do not share, sell or disclose your information with anyone outside of NAFECO.
What about those cookies?
Our website uses Google Analytics to collect generic information from visitors. This information includes information such as browser type, geographic information, visitor frequency, etc... This information helps us in modifying our website to offer the best service possible our customers. We use cookies (small text files) to collect such information and to provide the optimal experience when browsing our site.
What do you do with my information?
We do not disclose ANY non-public information about you or your organization, either during or after your relationship with us, to anyone, except as permitted by law, such as to your authorized representative, or in order to provide the products and services requested, or to comply with applicable laws or regulations.
Is my information secure?
We restrict access to your information to those employees who need it to provide the products and services you requested. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to comply with federal regulations to guard your information. All internet transactions are secured using the latest SSL security standards and all personal information is encrypted before being stored on our servers.
Where can I find the latest Privacy Policy?
You have come to the right place! We post our current Privacy Policy at our website (on this page). We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time and will update it as required.