http://www.naturesmenu.co.uk/privacy-policy#use-cookies
Privacy Policy
Sections
Applicable terms
Changes to the policy
Our principles
Information we hold about you
How long we hold information about you
Information from other sources
We may use this information
Passing on your information to third parties
Cookie Policy:
How we use cookies
First Party Cookies
Third Party Cookies
Other third party websites
Security and safe storage of your personal information
How can you access, correct your information and withdraw consent?
Freedom of information
Google's use of data
Privacy Policy
Applicable terms
Natures Menu “Natures Menu” takes your privacy seriously. Please read this Privacy policy and our Cookies policy.
Together they explain our data protection policy and describe how we’ll use any personal data we collect from you or that you provide to us.
All activity on www.naturesmenu.co.uk (our website) is logged and monitored to help keep personal information secure and to
ensure that Natures Menu complies with its obligations under the Data Protection Act 1998 (the DPA) and the General Data Protection Regulation
(the GDPR) from May 2018.
By using our website you agree to the collection, use and transfer of the information you provide to us in line with the terms of this Privacy policy.
Natures Menu is registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Changes to the policy
We may change our Privacy policy from time to time. If or when changes are made we’ll include them here, so be sure to check back occasionally.
Our principles
We'll only collect and use your information where we have lawful grounds and legitimate business reasons to do so
We'll be transparent in our dealings with you and tell you how we’ll collect and use your information
If we collect your information for a particular purpose we'll only use it for that purpose,
unless you’ve been otherwise informed and given your permission where relevant
We won’t ask for more information than we need for the purposes for which we’re collecting it
We'll update our records when you tell us that your details have changed
We'll periodically review your personal information to ensure we don’t keep it for longer than is necessary
We'll ensure that your information is securely disposed of at the end of the appropriate retention period
We'll observe your rights under applicable privacy and data protection laws and will ensure that queries relating to
privacy issues are dealt with promptly and transparently
We'll train our staff on their privacy obligations
We'll ensure we have appropriate physical and technological security measures to protect your information regardless of where it’s held
Information we hold about you and how we’ll use it
We will collect data about you, both personal data (such as your name and contact details) and also special categories of data
(such as details of your pets). The personal data and special categories of data will be stored, processed,
used and disclosed by us in the following ways:
register to use, or visit our website
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service when you choose to do so
To keep you updated
To enable us to develop and market other products and services and where you have consented to being contacted for such purposes
To improve our customer service and to make our services more valuable to you
To send you details of promotions and offers which we think might be of interest to you where you have consented to being contacted for such purposes
To answer your questions and enquiries
To third parties, regulatory or law enforcement agencies if we believe in good faith that we are required by law to
disclose it in connection with the detection of crime, the collection of taxes or duties,
in order to comply with any applicable law or order of a court of competent jurisdiction, or in connection with legal proceedings
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us
From time to time we may seek your consent to process, use or disclose your information for any other purpose not listed above.
How long we hold information about you
We are required by law to hold your information for as long as is necessary to comply with our statutory and contractual obligations
and in accordance with our legitimate interests as a data controller.
We will use reasonable endeavours to ensure that your Personal Data is maintained and up to date.
Information we receive from other sources
We work closely with a number of third parties, including credit checking companies, analytics providers,
software providers or payroll providers, and regulatory authorities or government departments, and may receive information about you from them.
We may use this information on its own or combined with any of the information we receive or collect from you for any of the below purposes.
We may use this information:
To monitor and improve our service offering to you, as well as to notify you of changes to our website or service.
Where we collect information by way of feedback or a survey, this will only ever be published anonymously as a combination of responses,
rather than individually, unless otherwise agreed with you
To carry out our obligations under any contracts between you and us, and provide you with services and information that you request from us
To monitor the traffic on the website in accordance with our cookie policy
We will retain and process your personal information for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations,
resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
Passing on information about you to third parties
To operate effectively as a business we may need to pass your information on to selected and trusted third parties.
The third parties we may share information with are:
government bodies, departments or other third parties, and departments for research and statistical purposes
third-party data processors
any third party to whom we may need to disclose personal information in order to comply with our legal, regulatory and statutory obligations.
This may be as part of a legal process, (for example, in response to a court order or in response to a law enforcement agency’s request,
or where they believe it’s necessary). This could be to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud,
or situations involving potential threats to the physical safety, property or rights of any person.
It could also include non-compliance with our website rules, or as otherwise permitted
any third party where you’ve given your consent
Please be assured that when we outsource any processes we ensure that any supplier or contractor has adequate security measures in place.
We’ll also require them to comply with privacy principles as part of our contract with them.
How we use cookies
We use a number of different cookies on our site. If you do not know what cookies are, or how to control or delete them, then we recommend you visit www.aboutcookies.org.uk for detailed guidance.
The list below describes the cookies we use on this site and what we use them for.
The Cookies we use are largely necessary for the management of your journey through our website.
If you are not happy with the Cookies we use then you should either not use this site, or you can delete the cookies having visited the site,
or you should browse the site using your browser's anonymous usage setting (called "Incognito" in Chrome, "InPrivate" for Internet Explorer,
"Private Browsing" in Firefox and Safari etc.)
First Party Cookies
These are cookies that are set by this website directly.
Google Analytics: We use Google Analytics to collect information about visitor behaviour on our website. Google Analytics stores information about what pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you got here and what you click on. This Analytics data is collected via a JavaScript tag in the pages of our site and is not tied to personally identifiable information. We therefore do not collect or store your personal information (e.g. your name or address) so this information cannot be used to identify who you are.
Third Party Cookies
These are cookies set on your machine by external websites whose services are used on this site. Cookies of this type are the sharing buttons across the site, which allow visitors to share content onto social networks. Twitter and Facebook currently set cookies. In order to implement these buttons, and connect them to the relevant social networks and external sites, there are scripts from domains outside of our website. You should be aware that these sites are likely to be collecting information about what you are doing all around the internet, including on this website.
You should check the respective policies of each of these sites to see how exactly they use your information and to find out how to opt out, or delete, such information.
Other third party websites
Our website may, from time to time, contain links to and from third-party websites, including those of our partner networks and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies. We don’t accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Security and safe storage of your personal information
Once we’ve received your information, we'll use appropriate procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet isn’t completely secure. Although we endeavour to protect your personal data, we can't guarantee the security of data transmitted over the internet. Any transmission of data is at your own risk.
Information supplied by you to us, or that we collect about you, may be transferred and stored by us or processors for the purpose of providing services to you outside the European Economic Area. Where this occurs, we use the model clauses as issued by the European Commission or other appropriate safeguards where applicable. By submitting personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing.
We may monitor the use and content of emails, calls and secure messages sent from and received by us so that we can identify and take legal action against unlawful or improper use of our systems. The main examples of unlawful or improper use are attempting to impersonate Natures Menu, the transmission of computer viruses and attempts to prevent this website or its services from working.
How can you access, correct your information and withdraw consent?
You’re able to correct the information we hold about you as follows:
If you’re an online Natures Menu member you can find out more about the process to correct the information we hold about you within your account under - https://www.naturesmenu.co.uk/customer/account
If you aren't an online Natures Menu member you will need to email us at updatemydetails@naturesmenu.co.uk
You’re able to change your preferences relating to communications from Natures Menu and withdraw your consent at any time
If you’re an online Natures Menu member you can do this by logging into your online account and changing your preferences.
If you aren't an online Natures Menu member you'll need to email us at updatemydetails@naturesmenu.co.uk
You may make a request to access your personally identifiable information that's held by us and maintained in our database. To do this you need to email your request to privacy@naturesmenu.co.uk
From 25 May 2018, depending on the circumstances, you may also have the right to:
Request erasure of personal information we hold about you
Request restriction of processing of such information
Object to the processing of such information
Request a copy of such information in a portable format
If you have concerns about the way we handle your personal data, you can contact the ICO or raise a complaint.
Freedom of information
To make a request for information under the Freedom of Information Act please send your request to privacy@naturesmenu.co.uk or to:
Freedom of Information requests
Natures Menu Limited, Falcon Road, Snetterton, NR16 2FB
Google's uses of data
To learn how google uses the information from this site, please check their page :
policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
You can see and control what information Google uses to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings.
You can send any queries and comments about this Privacy Policy by email to privacy@naturesmenu.co.uk or by post to Privacy, Natures Menu Limited, Falcon Road, Snetterton, NR16 2FB.
Last updated: May 2018v1
Natures Menu uses cookies. About our cookie policy