http://www.wv-comm.com/privacy
WV Communications, Inc.
Home
About Us
Products
Capabilities
News & Media
Contact Us
Flight Termination Systems
370-450MHz 1, 2kW & 5kW Amps
370-450MHz 10kW Amp
Flight Termination Panels
Verification Receivers
Exciters
Turnkey FTS Systems
Redundant HPA Systems
Portable Exciters/Encoders
Independent FTS Monitor
FTR Test Set
TDU Simulator
KYK Simulator
Up/Down Converters
1MHz to 18GHz 2 Ch
1MHz to 3GHz 2 Ch
L/S Band 4 Ch
L to K band Outdoor
Ka and Ku band Mini
Ka/X Band Up/Down Converter
Amplifiers
L/S Band 2.25kW
L/S Band Indoor
L/S Band Outdoor
401.7-402.2MHz Marine
370-450MHz Amplifiers
2.2 - 2.4GHz 10W
20-500MHz 10W
1030/1090MHz 3.2kW, 4kW & 1.2kW, 2.8kW Dual IFF Amps
Synthesizers
Low Phase Noise, Small Step
Ultra Low Phase Noise, Direct
Ultra Low Phase Noise, 120.000MHz Indirect
2-20GHz High Speed Synthesizer with built in Chirp
Comm Transceivers
RFC
Other Products
Multi Couplers
IFF Front End
IF Modulator
Privacy Policy
WV Communications knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we have created this Site Privacy Statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to do so reasonably and responsibly.
This Site Privacy Statement describes our information gathering and dissemination practices only for this Web site: www.wv-comm.com (the "Site").
Information You Give Us We receive and store any information you enter on our site or give us in any other way. However, we do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily submit such information to us. Our Site uses an information form for you to request information about our products, and services. Contact information (like your e-mail address) from the information form is collected and used to effectively respond to your query to your satisfaction. Of course, you can choose not to provide certain information.
We may choose to collect browser and client IP information in order to detect fraud.
How about cookies? Our site does not use cookies at the moment.
Use of Information We use the information you provide us to improve the quality of our product offerings and generate sales activity. For example, if you provided your contact information in one of our request for information forms, we will utilize the information provided in order to get in touch with you and provide you information about our company and product offerings.
How about third parties? Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we use it responsibly. We employ or partner with other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Your personal information will not be shared with third parties unless you are informed, and provided with the opportunity to opt-out, of such use of your personal information. However, we may present aggregated (non-personally identifiable) information about our quality of service generally as reference information and part of our marketing activities to prospective clients. Also, we release personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with law or protect the rights, property, or safety of WV Communications Inc., its users, or others such as in the case of online fraud. Finally, in the event that WV Communications Inc., or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Security Our web site is hosted with a third party hosting provider. In the event that this changes, you will be notified accordingly, provided you have given us your contact information such as an email address or a phone number to do so. We have ensured that the host used for serving our web site uses industry-standard methods to protect your personal information from unauthorized access. Among other techniques, your information is stored on a server behind a "firewall" in a secure location, and we often restrict the number of employees internally who can access this data. Of course, there is no such thing as "perfect security" on the Internet.
Choice As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide certain information. You have the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided or removing your information from our database so as not to receive future communications:
You can send a e-mail to
You can send mail to the following postal address: Webmaster, WV Communications Inc., 1125A Business Center Circle, Newbury Park, CA 91320
You can call the following number: 805.376.1820
Amendments We may from time to time revise this policy by updating this posting. Amendments to this policy will be effective when posted. You should therefore periodically visit this page to review the current Site Privacy Statement, so you are aware of any such revisions to which you are bound.
This Site may contain links to other sites. WV Communications Inc., is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Home
Legal Notice
Site Map
Request Information
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Employment
© 2019 Copyright WV Communications