http://www.petrofac.com/en-gb/privacy-and-cookies/
Home
Privacy
Privacy
Petrofac - Supplier Privacy Policy
Petrofac - Client Privacy Policy
Privacy and cookies
This privacy policy explains the way in which Petrofac Limited (“we") may use the information collected from or provided by you via our website at www.petrofac.com.
You agree that we can use your personal information, including information in your CV or other details of your experience or qualifications, as described below. Please do not provide this information to us if you do not consent to such use or potential disclosure of your personal information.
Use of your personal information
Petrofac is committed to the online privacy of all its users. This policy statement is designed to give a clear explanation of Petrofac’s data processing practices. For your protection, we are registered under the Data Protection Act 1998 and have given all appropriate notifications to the Information Commissioner.
We may use your personal information for the following purposes:
to provide information requested by you, or to record or respond to feedback you provide on our website
to consider your suitability for employment, both for a specific post or role you are applying for or for other positions we think you may be suitable for (this may include sending your personal information to our offices and subsidiaries worldwide)
to contact you regarding your application, for example to inform you of the progress of your application or request further information
to administer this website and help us improve our services, including statistical analysis
We may share non-personal aggregate statistics (group) data about our site visitors’ traffic patterns with partners or other parties. However, we do not sell any information about individual users.
Disclosure of information
In order to consider your application or provide you with the information which you have requested, your personal information may be transferred or shared with our Group companies and offices, and other professionals or third parties who act for or with us. Details of our offices can be found on this website.
We may share, transfer or disclose the information in our databases and server logs to comply with a legal requirement, for the administration of justice, to protect the security or integrity of our databases or this website, to take precautions against legal liability, or in the event of a joint venture or collaboration, financing, sale, merger, corporate reorganisation, dissolution or similar event.
We may also release personal information to regulatory or law enforcement agencies, if they require us to do so. We may also disclose your information where we are permitted and requested to do so by law.
If we or our business merges with, or is acquired by, another business or company (or is considering either of these possibilities) we may share your personal information with the prospective owners of the business or company and their advisors. If a merger or acquisition actually happens, you should receive notice of this.
It is possible that your personal information may be transferred to recipients outside the European Economic Area to countries which do not have any or equivalent data protection laws to those of the United Kingdom and you consent to us doing so. Where appropriate, before disclosing personal information to a third party, we require the third party contractually to take adequate precautions to protect that personal data and to comply with applicable law.
Equal opportunities monitoring
We are an equal opportunities employer and are also committed to diversity. All job applicants and members of staff will receive equal treatment and we will not discriminate on grounds of gender, marital status, race, colour, ethnic origin, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, religion or belief or age.
As part of our commitment to equal opportunities and diversity we may from time to time use information provided by you for the purposes of diversity monitoring. All such information will be used on an anonymised basis and will play no part in the recruitment process. Please contact our Human Resources team by emailing communications@petrofac.com for more information on our diversity policy.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of text which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree (or your browser agrees automatically if you have set it up in that way), your browser adds that text in a small file.
A cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets website operators know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
Petrofac.com uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics sets a cookie in order to evaluate our use of our website and compile reports on user activity.
Google stores the information collected by the cookie on servers in the United States. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By using petrofac.com, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Find out about Google Analytics cookie usage on websites.
Managing cookies
You can delete the files that contain cookies – those files are stored as part of your internet browser. If you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are set by petrofac.com, or indeed any other website, or if you wish to receive notification of cookie placement requests or decline cookies completely, you can do this through your browser settings. The Help function within your browser should tell you how. Please be aware that declining or denying cookies may prevent you from being able to use the website to its highest capability.
Alternatively, you may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers. You will also find details on how to delete cookies from your computer as well as more general information about cookies. For information on how to do this on the browser of your mobile device you will need to refer to your manual.
Your rights
Petrofac is required to comply with the provisions of the Data Protection Act 1998. This provides amongst other things that the data we hold about you should be processed lawfully and fairly. It should be accurate, relevant and not excessive. The information should be kept up to date, where necessary, and not retained for longer than is necessary. It should be kept securely to prevent unauthorised access by other people. You have the right to see what is held about you and for any inaccuracies to be corrected by contacting the Corporate Communications department directly. We may charge a small fee for this (up to £10).
Policy changes
Any changes to this policy will be posted here.
Privacy and cookies
Close overlay
Share
We've made it simple to share Petrofac web pages with the major social networks.