https://www.puratos.com/system-pages/privacy-policy
It seems you are using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. We recommend Google Chrome for the best browsing experience.
Puratos
Jobs
Inspiration Corner
News
Press
Puratos TV
Knowledge Base
Contact
Select country
×
Select a country
A
Argentina
Australia
Austria
B
Belgium NL
Belgium FR
Brazil
Bulgaria
C
Canada EN
Canada FR
Chile
China
Costa Rica
Czech Republic
D
Denmark
E
Estonia
F
France
G
Germany
Greece
H
Hungary
I
India
Indonesia
Iran
Ireland
Israel
Italy
J
Japan
K
Kenya
KSA
Kuwait
L
Latvia
Lebanon
Lithuania
M
Malaysia
Mexico
Morocco
N
Netherlands
Nigeria
P
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
R
Romania
Russia
S
Serbia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Switzerland DE
Switzerland FR
T
Thailand
Turkey
U
UAE
United Kingdom
Ukraine
USA
V
Vietnam
Puratos
Products
Products
Our Products
Puratos develops innovative ingredients and solutions for bakers, patissiers and chocolatiers around the world.
Discover our products
View all products
Product categories
Bakery
Patisserie
Chocolate
Services
Services
Innovation Center
A network of 575 technical advisors in 88 Innovation Centers are committed to supporting you on both a local and regional level.
Read more
Innovation Centers
Industrial Bakery Competence Center
Industrial Patisserie Competence Center
Chocolate Center
Center For Bread Flavour
R & D
Consumer Insights
Consumer Insights
Taste Tomorrow
Discover in-depth insights into global and local consumer behaviour and trends related to bakery, pastry, patisserie and chocolate.
Read more
Taste Tomorrow
Sensobus
Sensory Analysis
Commitments
Commitments
Health & Well-Being
People around the world strive to live healthier so that they can enjoy the good things in life longer and in a better world. That is why at Puratos we strive to innovate to offer healthier solutions every day.
Read more
To the next generation
Planet
Community
Heritage
Responsible Sourcing
People
Health & Well-Being
Mission to Mars Programme
About Puratos
About Puratos
100 Years of Puratos
Discover the rich history of Puratos which shaped the Group into what it is today.
Read more
What we do
Our Customers
Key Figures
Our Organisation
Our History
Vision & Mission
Our way of acting
Close to you
Innovation
Jobs
Toggle navigation
Search
Show all results
×
System pages
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Version 1.2, valid from 1st September 2020.
1. What is this policy about?
This policy applies to the personal data that we process about you as a natural person. This policy does not apply if we process anonymous or business data.
2. Who processes your personal data?
We are Puratos NV/SA, with our registered office at Industrialaan 25, 1702 Groot-Bijgaarden, Belgium, and registered in the register of legal entities under the number BE 0438 632 416, phone number: +32 2 481 44 44, e-mail : info@puratos.com.
We are the ‘controller’ for the processing of your personal data
3. What do we expect from you?
We expect that you only communicate personal data about yourself to us. If you also communicate personal data about other people to us, then you must ensure that you are entitled to do so.
We also expect that the personal data that you communicate to us is correct and that, if specific data changes, you promptly inform us of this change.
4. Why do we process your personal data?
The purposes for which we process your personal data depend on how you enter in contact with us.
You browse on our website
We process information about your use of our website, in order to remember your choices, manage and improve our website. We refer to our cookie policy for more information about this.
You contact us (e.g. by filling in a form on our website, by sending us an e-mail)
We process your personal data in order to answer and manage your request (e.g. request for information, subscription to our newsletter, complaint). This processing is based on your consent.
You create a personal account on our website or purchase Puratos products/services
We process your personal data for client management, based upon the performance of the contract to which you are a party. Without your personal data, we cannot perform this contract.
We may also process your personal data for the direct marketing of our products/services, based upon our legitimate interests. We believe that it is important to keep you, as our client, informed about our products/services. This processing may involve compiling a profile. This profiling has no effect on you, except to the extent that this processing activity might lead to enhancement of customer experience and personalized offers, which is an advantage for you. The provision of your personal data for this purpose is not a requirement and you can object to this processing (see article 8 below).
You subscribe to a Puratos activity
We may process your personal data when you register for a Puratos activity (eg an event, a workshop or a webinar) because this is necessary for the performance of our agreement with you to organize this activity. We may do this in collaboration with commercial partners with whom we may share your data based on their legitimate interest in knowing who is registering.
We may also use your personal data for direct marketing of our business based on our legitimate interests. We consider it important to keep you as our customer informed about our activities. This processing may consist of the creation of a profile. Creating a profile does not affect you, except that this processing can lead to an improved customer experience and tailored offers, which is an advantage for you. The provision of your personal data for this purpose is not a requirement and you can object to this processing (see article 8 below).
In any case
We may process your personal data for the management of compliance and disputes (eg prevention of unlawful activities, prevention of abuse of the Puratos group’s resources, defense of legal claims).
We may anonymize your personal data and process aggregate data for research and development, based on our legitimate interests (eg statistics about sales, market analysis, development of products/services). Within the Puratos group, we believe that research and development can lead to enhancement of customer experience, product improvement and innovation, which will help the persons concerned by our products/services (such as customers, distributors, suppliers and end consumers). The provision of your personal data for this purpose is not a requirement and you can object to this processing (see article 8 below). Research and development may involve compiling a profile. All identifying elements, such as your name, your address, etc., are eliminated. This profiling has no effect on you, except to the extent that this processing activity might lead to enhancement of customer experience, product improvement and innovation, which is an advantage for you.
Puratos NV may also process your personal data as a controller, at a group level, for global management and global research, based on its legitimate interests, those of the other group entities and their stakeholders. We believe that this is necessary for the efficiency, consistency and continuity of the Puratos group operations and for the enhancement of customer experience, product improvement and innovation, which will help the persons concerned by our products/services and eventually contribute to safeguarding and promoting the economic, commercial, social and financial interests of the Puratos group. The provision of your personal data for this purpose is not a requirement and you can object to this processing (see article 8 below).
We may process your personal data for the direct marketing of our products/services and of the products/services of other companies of the Puratos group, based upon your consent, to the extent that you give such consent.
5. With whom do we share your personal data?
We can transfer your personal data to companies that are a part of the Puratos group, to companies that process personal data in our name and on our behalf (known as ‘processors’), to scientific institutions in the context of research, to third parties when there is a legal obligation to do so, to our commercial partners (eg when organizing a joint activity), and to the police or judicial authorities at their request if they are entitled to request the personal data.
6. Is your personal data transferred outside the European Union?
We can transfer your personal data to countries outside the European Union, including the United States. Each transfer will be based on appropriate safeguards (adequacy decision and/or standard data protection clauses of the European Commission). If you would like to know how to obtain a copy of the appropriate safeguards, you can contact us at the address stated above (article 2) or via dataprivacy@puratos.com.
7. For how long is your personal data retained?
Your personal data is retained for as long as you are in contact with us (e.g. you ask information, purchase our products/services, subscribe to our newsletter) and for up to maximum 10 years after the end of this relationship.
8. What are your rights?
You can contact us to exercise the following rights, in accordance with the conditions laid down in the applicable legislation:
Withdrawing your consent for the processing of personal data, to the extent that the processing of your personal data was initially based upon your consent.
Seeking access to, or any correction, deletion or restriction of your personal data.
Objecting to any processing for direct marketing and/or any processing based on the legitimate interests as processing ground (such as research, development and improvement of our products/services).
Seeking the portability of your personal data, which you have communicated to us.
You can exercise some of these rights via the settings in your personal account with us (if you have such a personal account).
You can exercise all of these rights by contacting us at the address stated above (article 2) or via info@puratos.com.
You also have the right to file a complaint with a data protection authority.
Puratos Group Data Privacy Policy
Download the comprehensive Puratos Group Data Privacy Policy.
Download PDF
Products
View all products
Product categories
Services
Innovation Centers
Industrial Bakery Competence Center
Industrial Patisserie Competence Center
Center For Bread Flavour
Chocolate Center
R & D
Consumer Insights
Taste Tomorrow
Sensobus
Sensory Analysis
Commitments
To the next generation
To Nutrition
Clean(er) Label
About Puratos
Our Customers
Mission & Vision
Our Organisation
Our History
Close to You
Innovation
Our way of acting
Key Figures
Jobs
Contact
+32 2 481 44 44
info@puratos.com
Find your local representative
Follow us on
© Puratos 2020
Privacy
Cookie policy
Puratos Ethics Portal
Jobs
Welcome to Puratos
Our website makes use of cookies
We use cookies to provide you with the best experience on our website, to recognize repeat visits and preferences as well as to measure and analyze traffic. To learn more about cookies, including how to disable them, view our cookie policy. By clicking "I accept all cookies" you consent to the use of all cookies.
I accept all cookies
Adjust my preferences
Set your cookie preferences
Functional cookies
Functional cookies ensure the proper functioning of the website (e.g. cookies for language preferences or registration and login)
Analytical cookies
Analytical cookies are used to track visitors on the website. They are essential in measuring the performance of a website and to optimize it.
Personalised advertising cookies
Advertising cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests.
Visit and follow-up cookies
Visit and follow-up cookies allow us to understand how individual visitors browse the website and which paths they follow.
Save preferences
Cancel and return