http://www.pcc.com/privacy-policy/
PCC Privacy Policy
Effective: October 1, 2018
TABLE OF CONTENTS
SCOPE AND PURPOSE
WHAT DOES PCC DO?
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
WHAT ELSE DO YOU NEED TO KNOW?
KEY TERMS
CONTACT & OPT-OUT
I. SCOPE AND PURPOSE
This privacy policy (“the Policy”) describes how Physicians Computer Company (“PCC,” “we,” “us,” “our”), and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies, may collect, use, and share information about you that we obtain through www.pcc.com (“the Website”). This Policy does not apply to other PCC platforms or offerings (e.g., PCC EHR, MyKids Chart, pocketPCC, PCC Dashboard etc.), to other websites that we operate (“The Independent Pediatrician”), to information that we obtain outside of the Website, or websites of third parties to which we provide links. We do not control and are not responsible for the privacy practices of, or the data available on, the websites of third parties, and we urge you to evaluate the soundness of these practices for yourself.
Return to top »
II. WHAT DOES PCC DO?
PCC is a provider of pediatric software solutions for the United States and is headquartered in the United States. For more information about PCC please see the “About” section of the Website at www.pcc.com.
Return to top »
III. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
The following types of information may be collected on the Website:
We may collect information you provide us if you access, sign up for or request certain services from us on our Website. For example, if you are interested in learning more about PCC and the services and products we offer, we may ask for personal information, such as your name, practice name and size, email address, telephone number, and city/state. We do not collect or process any sensitive data such as: race or ethnic origin; political opinions; religious or philosophical beliefs; trade union memberships; genetic or biometric data; health or mortality; or sexual orientation in connection with this Website.
When you visit our Website, we may gather certain information about your visit and your device automatically. This information may, for example, reflect how you found, were directed to or used this Website. Similarly, we may collect your IP address, browser type and version, and other data about the equipment used to visit the Website, as well as the patterns of searching and browsing that preceded access to the Website, and the patterns of searching and browsing on the Website.
The Website does not respond to web browsers’ Do Not Track signals. Thus, your selection of the “do not track” option provided by your browser may not have any effect on our collection of cookie information for analytic and internal site performance purposes.
Return to top »
IV. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
We use information collected through tracking technologies, such as cookies and web beacons, to improve the functionality of the Website. For example:
We track the number of visitors using certain portions or features of the Website to make changes that may be necessary to improve the Website’s functionality;
We track the popularity of features on the Website to guide the development of new ones;
We identify the types of devices our visitors use so that we can improve and optimize our systems; and
We assess the ways in which users become aware of or access the Website in order to gauge the quality and methods of our advertising.
We do not use personal information to make automated decisions.
By continuing to use our Website, including by remaining on the landing page, you consent to the use of cookies.
If you choose to provide PCC with Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”), we will use that information for purposes explained at the time of collection; as described in this Policy and our Terms; and for our business purposes. For example:
If you provide us with your email address, we may use it for our own marketing, promotional, and informational purposes, including solicitations, invitations, newsletters, awareness campaigns, and announcements. We also may share it with partners and affiliates for their marketing purposes. We will not share your email address with unaffiliated third parties.
We will not retain your information, whether obtained through tracking technologies or provided by you, longer than necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected or as required by applicable laws or regulations. Wherever your PII may be held by PCC or on its behalf, PCC takes reasonable and appropriate steps to protect the PII that you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure. PCC trains its employees on data handling practices. In addition, PCC and its service providers enter into agreements which require that care and precautions be taken to prevent loss, misuse, or disclosure of your PII.
Return to top »
V. SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
We engage certain service providers, identified below, to track and associate internet search and browsing behavior with our advertisements and to provide functionality on the Website. These third-party service providers are limited to using information only as instructed to provide contracted services to us.
We have configured the third-party technologies we use: Hubspot, Google, and Swiftype to use tracking technologies, such as cookies and web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from your websites and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services, analytics and target ads. More specifically, these companies may use non-Personally Identifiable Information about your visits to other websites, together with non-Personally Identifiable Information about your purchases and interests from other online and offline sources, to provide ads about goods and services of interest to you.
In addition, we may share Website usage information with these service providers to manage our content, administer target ads and for market research purposes.  Finally, information obtained through these processes may be combined with PII in order to analyze our marketing efforts.
We will only share PII with third party vendors, consultants, agents, partners, and other service providers with whom we contract to help us provide or improve our services.
Please note that PCC will only share your information in accordance with this Policy, except in the following situations:
You have given us your consent to share or use information about you;
We believe that we need to share information about you to provide a service that you have requested from us or from others;
We are required by law to disclose information; or
We believe that it is necessary to protect our rights or to avoid liability or violations of the law; or
To any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
Return to top »
VI. UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to make periodic updates and revisions to the Policy. Any changes will be posted on this page. Please check this page to review whether any changes have been made to the Policy.
Return to top »
VII. WHAT ELSE DO YOU NEED TO KNOW?
This Website is not intended for minors under the age of eighteen, and PCC does not wish to obtain any information from or about such minors through this Website. If you are under eighteen years old, do not use this Website. Our Website includes social media features, including “sharing” functions on Facebook and Twitter. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies providing these features, and we do not control and are not responsible for the privacy practices of, or the data available on, the websites of third parties.
Return to top »
VIII. KEY TERMS
TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES: Tracking technologies include technologies such as “cookies” and “web beacons,” which are used to analyze trends, administer the Website, and help us provide you with a more personalized experience and improve our services. Cookies are small amounts of text files that are sent from a website to your computer’s browser when you visit the site. These cookies are then stored in files within your computer’s browser. Websites can access only the cookies that they have stored on your computer. For every future time you access a website, your browser sends the cookie back to the server, which notifies the website of the user’s previous activities on the website. Thus, cookies serve several useful purposes, like letting you navigate between pages more efficiently, saving your preferences, and enhancing your user experience with the website. Web beacons (also called transparent GIFs, web bugs, pixels, or action tags) are strings of code that deliver a tiny graphic image on a web page or in an email which is used to monitor the behavior of the user visiting the website or sending the email. Web beacons can recognize certain types of information on your computer such as cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, and a description of the page on which the web beacon is placed. In general, any file served as part of a web page can act as a web beacon.
INTERNET PROTOCOL (IP) ADDRESS: A numerical label separated by periods that identifies every device (e.g., computer, printer) that participates in a network. IP addresses allow these devices to communicate with one another and transmit relevant information.
PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION (PII): For purposes of this Policy, PII includes: first and last name; physical address; mailing address including street name and city/town; email; and telephone number.
Return to top »
IX. CONTACT
If you wish to opt-out of sharing your information with PCC, please visit our opt-out page. If you have any questions about this Policy, PCC’s Chief Operating Officer will address any inquiries.
Bill VanDeventer, Chief Operating Officer
Physicians Computer Company (PCC)
20 Winooski Falls Way, Suite 7
Winooski, VT 05404
You may use this contact to submit a request to review the information we have retained, how we have used it, and to whom we have disclosed it. Subject to certain exemptions required by law, and provided we can authenticate your identity, you will receive a response within thirty (30) days. You are entitled to challenge the accuracy and completeness of any information provided and to have it amended as appropriate.
Return to top »
Contact PCC
800-722-7708
contact@pcc.com
Fax 802-846-8178
20 Winooski Falls Way
Suite 7
Winooski, VT 05404
Our SolutionOverview
Why Choose PCC?
Financial Management Tools
Clinical Workflow Tools
Mobile Solutions
PCC Interoperability
Personalized Support
Our Pricing Model
Our ResultsOverview
Pediatric Benchmarks
Client Testimonials
Success Stories
Learn with PCCOverview
PCC Learn: Knowledgebase
PCCTalk: Client Forum
PCC Protocols Library
PCMH Resources
PCC Users’ Conference
Pediatric Supergroup Conference
Events & Trainings
InsightsOverview
Business Impact of COVID-19
Smart Pediatrics Resource Center
Cost Impact Calculator
Does Your Practice Measure Up?
PCC Blog
Chip’s Blog
The Independent Pediatrician
About PCCOverview
Request a 1:1 Consult
Meet Our Team
Events & Trainings
Careers
PCC Partners
Take the Next StepRequest a 1:1 Consult
Download Our Brochure
Client Support
Scroll to top