http://www.micros.com/legal/privacy/privacy-choices.html
Oracle and MICROS Systems
home
nav
Oracle
Close
Search
Search
Products
Resources
Support
Events
View AccountsSign In
Back
Oracle Account
Sign-In
Create an Account
Help
Sign Out
Cloud Account
Sign in to Cloud
Sign Up for Cloud Free Tier
No results found
Your search did not match any results.
We suggest you try the following to help find what you’re looking for:
Check the spelling of your keyword search.
Use synonyms for the keyword you typed, for example, try “application” instead of “software.”
Try one of the popular searches shown below.
Start a new search.
Trending Questions
Close
About Oracle
Strategic Acquisitions
Oracle and MICROS Systems
Oracle Buys MICROS Systems
Oracle Micros POS
On June 23, 2014, Oracle announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire MICROS Systems, Inc., a provider of integrated software and hardware solutions to the Hospitality and Retail industries, and creating three Oracle business units: Oracle Hospitality, Oracle Food and Beverage, and Oracle Retail.
The transaction has closed.
MICROS offers a range of software, hardware and related services along with rapidly growing cloud solutions to manage hotels, food & beverage facilities, and retailers. MICROS' proven and innovative technologies are built and serviced by more than 6,600 employees with deep domain expertise and are in use across 330,000 customer sites in 180 countries.
Cloud, mobile, social, big data and the internet of things are impacting every industry, encouraging companies to modernize in order to compete effectively. The addition of MICROS extends Oracle's offerings in industries by combining MICROS' industry specific applications with Oracle's business applications, technologies and cloud portfolio. Together, Oracle and MICROS will help Hospitality and Retail companies to accelerate innovation, transform their businesses, and delight customers with complete, open and integrated solutions.
Read the press release
Support for MICROS Systems products
Product Information
Oracle Food and Beverage Solutions
Restaurant POS Systems
Enterprise
Sports and Entertainment
Oracle Hospitality Solutions
Hotels and Resorts
Casino and Gaming
Cruise
Retail/Hospitality POS
Point-of-Sale Systems Defined
Oracle Retail Cloud Products
Oracle Retail Brand Compliance Management Cloud Service
Oracle Retail Customer Engagement Cloud Service
Oracle Retail Open Commerce Platform Cloud Service
Oracle Retail Order Broker Cloud Service
Oracle Retail Order Management System Cloud Service
Oracle Retail XBRi Loss Prevention Cloud Service
Information for Customers and Partners
Letter to Customers and Partners from Mike Webster, Senior Vice President and GM, Oracle Retail and Hospitality, outlining the benefits of the combination
Overview and Frequently Asked Questions (PDF)
Learn more about what the combination of Oracle and MICROS will mean for our customers and partners (PDF)
Welcome webcast for MICROS hospitality customers
Services and Sales
MICROS customers and partners: Please use your existing contacts for professional services and sales.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis document contains certain forward-looking statements about Oracle and MICROS, including statements that involve risks and uncertainties concerning Orcle's acquisition of MICROS, anticipated customer benefits and general business outlook. When used in this document, the words "anticipates", "can", "will", "look forward to", "expected" and similar expressions and any other statements that are not historical facts are intended to identify those assertions as forward-looking statements. Any such statement may be influenced by a variety of factors, many of which are beyond the control of Oracle or MICROS, that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different from those projected, described, expressed or implied in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties. Potential risks and uncertainties include, among others, the risk that anticipated synergies of the combined companies may not be achieved after closing, the combined operations may not be successfully integrated in a timely manner, if at all, general economic conditions in regions in which either companies do business, and the possibility that Oracle or MICROS may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do so, what impact they will have on the results of operations or financial condition of Oracle or MICROS.
In addition, please refer to the documents that Oracle and MICROS, respectively, file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. These filings identify and address other important factors that could cause Oracle's and MICROS' respective operational and other results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements set forth in this document. You are cautioned to not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this document. Neither Oracle nor MICROS is under any duty to update any of the information in this document.
Oracle is currently reviewing the existing MICROS product roadmap and will be providing guidance to customers in accordance with Oracle's standard product communication policies. Any resulting features and timing of release of such features as determined by Oracle's review of MICROS' product roadmap are at the sole discretion of Oracle. All product roadmap information, whether communicated by MICROS or by Oracle, does not represent a commitment to deliver any material, code, or functionality, and should not be relied upon in making purchasing decisions. It is intended for information purposes only, and may not be incorporated into any contract.
Learn More
See all acquisitions
Resources for
Developers
Startups
Students and Educators
Partners
Oracle PartnerNetwork
Find a Partner
Log in to OPN
Solutions
Artificial Intelligence
Internet of Things
Blockchain
What’s New
Oracle’s response to COVID-19
Java SE Downloads
Try Oracle Cloud Free Tier
Contact Us
US Sales: +1.800.633.0738
How can we help?
Subscribe to emails
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Oracle
Integrated Cloud Applications & Platform Services
© 2020 Oracle
Site Map
Privacy/Do Not Sell My Info
Country/Region
Ad Choices
Careers