https://www.turnersecuritygroup.com/privacy-policy/
Contact us today on 0808 5344 999
or email us at Enquiries@turnersecuritygroup.com
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy sets out how we, Turner Security Group Ltd, obtain, store and use your personal information.
By using our website, https://www.turnersecuritygroup.com/, you agree to the use and treatment of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
How we collect or obtain personal information about you
We collect personal information when you provide it to us:
when you fill in a form on our website
when you contact us by phone, email or in writing
when you use post or react to our social media channels
when you order goods or services from us
Where permitted by law we may also receive information about you from third parties such as affiliates, business partners, credit and fraud checking services as well as third parties with whom we have had no prior contact.
How we collect anonymous information about your behaviour
We indirectly collect anonymous information about you to get a general idea of how our website is performing, this information is not linked directly to you but third party services outside of our control may use this to profile your activities and provide relevant advertising in other platforms.  This may occur at any time while you are browsing our website.
Cookies
Cookies are small packets of information stored on your device used to keep a record of your history while using a particular website.  This could be used to tailor page content to your past behaviour, to keep hold of information that lets us know if you’ve logged in, or to let us know what items you’ve added to a shopping cart.  The cookies under our control are only visible to you and to our website.
While you are free to disable cookies on your browser, doing so may impact the functionality of this and other websites you visit and as such is not recommended.
Third Party Cookies
We use other services to help us to deliver our website, and they may also store cookies on your device to display personalised content or to gather statistics while you are visiting our website.  We’ll list those in detail and give a brief overview of why and how we use them below.
Contact Forms
Information you submit to us on a contact form will be sent by email to our staff, and will remain stored on the website or within backups for a maximum of 60 days just in case the email doesn’t get to us. If we intend to retain information for marketing purposes we’ll ask you first and give details on the form.
Third-Party Services we may share data with
Email Communication Services
We use the following third party services to send email, so they will indirectly have access to a portion of your activity and some of your personal details.  Once an email leaves systems we use directly, it may be routed through any number of others systems.
MailGun
Mailgun provides a means for our web site to send email to staff and visitors, as such information will be passed through their services.  Email content is retained for logging purposes for a short time. Mailgun’s privacy policy can be reviewed in full at https://www.mailgun.com/privacy-policy
Our Details
Our company name is Turner Security Group Ltd and we operate from Blatchford Road, Horsham, RH13 5QR.  You can contact us directly via this web site, via email at enquiries@turnersecuritygroup.com or via telephone on 01403 246131.
Questions or Complaints
If you have any questions or complaints about how we’re using your data, please contact us through the channels listed above.
Request a free no obligation consultation
Your Name*Telephone NumberEmail*
Company NameBrief Description*Can we contact you for marketing purposes in the future?We'd like to get permission to periodically contact you in the future with information about our services.
For more information please see our Privacy Policy
You may contact me by Email
You may contact me by Telephone
PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Home
About Us
What We Do
Our Clients
Contact
Privacy Policy
Contact Us Blatchford Road, Horsham, West Sussex, RH13 5QR
Tel: 0808 5344 999
E-mail: enquiries@turnersecuritygroup.com
Quick Message
Your Name*Telephone NumberEmail*
Company NameBrief Description*Can we contact you for marketing purposes in the future?
You may contact me by Email
You may contact me by Telephone
We'd like to get permission to periodically contact you in the future with information about our services.
For more information please see our Privacy PolicyEmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
© Copyright 2020 Turner Security
By using this site you agree to the terms of our privacy policy - More InfoOkay, thank you