http://www.acerecords.co.uk/pages/privacy
Privacy Policy & Cookies This documents explains what data we may collect about you should you use this web site and what we do with that information. The term ‘Ace Records’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 42-50 Steele Road, London, NW10 7AS, UK. Our company registration number is 01568303 and is registered in England. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
What information do we collect about you?
If you register with our web site or wish to receive updates about Ace Records you will need to supply your e-mail address.
We will log the number of times you visit our site and which pages and features you access.
If you contact us we may choose to keep a copy of our correspondence.
What do we do with your information?
If you have elected to receive updates from us, we may send you information about our releases, news or any other updates we feel are appropriate.
Use it to enable you to save preferences and choices you have made on the site so you can access those preferences and choices more easily in the future.
Use it to respond to any correspondence you may send to us.
Use it to help us improve the site and the experience of the users eg by monitoring which pages of the site are more popular than others.
Will we ever share your information?
We will never share your information with anyone except in the following situations:
(i) Where any regulatory obligation or law obliges us to do so.
(ii) If we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets, or if Ace Records or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held about our users will be one of the transferred assets;
(iii) In order to enforce our terms of use and/or to protect the rights, safety or property of Ace Records, our employees or other users of this site.
We will not transfer any of Your Information to destinations outside of the European Economic Area.
Accessing your information
To make a complaint or ask further questions about how we use your data, please email us at info@acerecords.com
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of the information we hold about you, please contact us by email at info@acerecords.com
If you wish to delete your accounts with us simply email: info@acerecords.com
If you believe any information we may hold about you is inaccurate, you may ask us to change such information by contacting us at info@acerecords.com
If you have subscribed to e-mail updates and no longer wish to receive these updates, at the end of every update e-mail we send you there will be the option to ‘unsubscribe’ from further updates. Either that or you may e-mail us at info@acerecords.com
We hope you will be happy with the way we handle your information but if not, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner – for more information visit www.ico.org.uk
Cookies and Google Analytics
Cookies are small pieces of alphanumeric information stored by your browser on your hard drive.  If you would like to learn more about cookies and how they work, please refer to the following websites: http://www.allaboutcookies.org and http://www.youronlinechoices.com.
We will use cookies each time you visit our site to enable us to remember the choices and preferences you have made eg items you have chosen to go into your shopping basket.
As well as cookies, we use Google Analytics. This is a service provided by Google which allows us to track and monitor the number and type of visits to our site as well as the activity of users on our site. We will collect various pieces of information about your visit including you computer’s IP address (This is a identification number which is unique to your computer). Neither Google Analytics or Ace will divulge this information to anyone unless we are obliged to do so by law.
We will not attempt to match any information Google Analytics provide us with against any personal information you may have provided to us (such as your address or phone number). Google Analytics' cookies will remain on your computer for between thirty minutes and two years from being set / updated, unless you delete them before they expire. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html.
If you prefer not to allow cookies to be used when visiting our site, you can deactivate them (The help menu on most browsers should tell you how). The exact setting for doing this will vary between browsers. If you allow cookies to be used, you may still delete them at anytime from your browser. Not allowing cookies to be used in your browser will limit the functionality of our site and will not allow you to make choices or certain preferences. Should you wish to, you can also install a Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-On to prevent Google Analytics cookies being set, which is available for download here: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
As we will always look for ways to improve our site, this document is subject to change at any time. This document was last updated on 23th May 2018.
Contact us
If you have any further questions about what data we collect or how we use it, please e-mail us at info@acerecords.com
Please note our website uses cookies to improve your experience.
I understand.
For more information see our Privacy Notice & Cookie Policy.
Customer services
FAQs
Delivery and Returns
Terms and Conditions
Privacy and Cookies
Music
Artists
Labels
Genre
Releases by month
About
History
Staff profiles
Contact us
Newsletter
Company information
Business
Royalties
Licensing
Catalogue
© Ace records 2012-2017