http://www.intraksoundandlight.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
3
privacy-policy,page-template-default,page,page-id-3,bridge-core-2.2.5,cookies-not-set,ajax_fade,page_not_loaded,,qode_grid_1300,footer_responsive_adv,qode-content-sidebar-responsive,qode-theme-ver-21.2,qode-theme-bridge,wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-6.2.0,vc_responsive
Privacy Policy
Home > Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Intrak uses and protects any information that you give Intrak when you use this website in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679.
Intrak is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Intrak may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 25th May 2019.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to your order or the service we provide
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
To process your order.
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. You may opt out of these at any time.
We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
If you believe that the information we hold for you is incorrect then you can contact us at any time to update it.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to any third parties. We may pass your details on to third parties in the processing your order or service, such as couriers but only to complete your order and not for any other purpose. We may use your personal information to send you promotional details about third parties which we think you may find interesting if it is connected to the product/service we provide. You can opt out at any time from these mail outs.
You may request any or all of the details of personal information which we hold about you under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please contact us.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
You have the right to ask us to delete your information from our system once your order has been completed, simply email us and ask us to do so. You may also request a copy of the information we hold for you to use for your own purposes.
You can contact us at any time before or during the order process to discuss it.
While we endeavor to provide the best service possible we are always happy to discuss any concerns you may have at any point.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy