http://www.juliusbaer.com/en/terms-of-use/
This page is not available in your selected language. Your language preference will not be changed but the contents of this page will be shown in English.
Terms of use
Home
Terms of use
Home
1. Agreement
By using the website www.juliusbaer.com and any of its pages (hereafter the “Site”), you confirm that you have reviewed, understand and agree to the following important legal information and terms of use (the “Terms”). If you do not agree to the Terms, please exit the Site immediately.
The Terms are subject to change at any time without notice and access to, and use of the Site may be restricted or terminated at any time. You are therefore advised to review these terms each time you access this website.
Access to and use of the Site as well as the Terms are governed by Swiss law. The place of jurisdiction is Zurich.
Further access to the website might also be subject to the laws applicable in the relevant jurisdiction from which the same is being accessed.
2. No offer, no advice
The information, products, data, services, tools and documents contained or described on this site (the “Content”) are for information purposes only and constitute neither an advertisement or recommendation nor an offer or solicitation to buy or sell investment instruments, to effect any transaction or to enter into any legal relations.
The financial products mentioned on this site are not suitable for all investors. Prior to making investment decisions investors should conduct a thorough investigation and obtain all necessary professional advice for all issues, including your eligibility to make such investment in terms of the applicable law.
Nothing on this site constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice, or a representation that any investment or strategy is suitable or appropriate for individual circumstances, or otherwise constitutes a personal recommendation for any specific in­vestor. Julius Baer recommends that investors independently assess, with a professional advisor, the specific financial risks as well as legal, regulatory, credit, tax and accounting consequences.
3. Local legal restrictions
The Content is not intended for use by or distribution to any individual or legal entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution, publication or use would be contrary to the law or regulatory provisions or in which members of the Group of Companies controlled by Julius Baer Group Ltd. (individually and together “Julius Baer”) does not hold the necessary registration or license. Individuals or legal entities in respect of whom such prohibitions apply, whether on grounds of their nationality, their place of residence or on other grounds, must not access or use the site.
Some entities, services and products of Julius Baer may not be registered or licensed under legal and regulatory provisions governing financial services or products and their providers in certain countries, including the United States, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (U.K.), Canada, Japan, India, Italy and Spain. Therefore, all users are requested to contact the nearest Julius Baer entity for information about products and services available in their country. For contact details please click here.
Locations
Hong Kong: The word “independent” or any other term with similar inference used on this website (or in any related or linked publication) does not mean that Bank Julius Baer & Co. Ltd., Hong Kong branch represents itself as independent within the meaning of paragraph 10.2 of the Code of Conduct for Persons Licensed by or Registered with the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong (as may be supplemented or amended from time to time).
Bank Julius Baer & Co. Ltd., Hong Kong branch is NOT independent because it receives:
(a) fees, commissions, or other monetary benefits from other parties (which may include product issuers) in relation to its distribution of investment product to you.  For details, you should refer to our disclosure on monetary benefits which we are required to deliver to you prior to or at the point of entering into any transaction in investment products; and / or (b) non-monetary benefits from other parties, or have close links or other legal or economic relationships with issuers of products that it may distribute to you.
Singapore: The word “independent” as used on this website does not mean that Bank Julius Baer & Co. Ltd. (the “Bank”), or any asset manager or family office in Singapore which the Bank may associate with or have a connection to, is independent within the meaning of the Financial Advisers Act, Chapter 110 of The Statutes of the Republic of Singapore (including its subsidiary legislation and any directions, notices, codes and other guidelines issued from time to time by the relevant authority in Singapore). In particular, nothing on this website is to be construed or implied to mean that Bank Julius Baer & Co. Ltd., Singapore branch or any person(s) or organisation(s) referred to or described on this website (a) is able to clearly demonstrate that it does not have financial or commercial links with product providers that are capable of influencing its recommendations; (b) operates with objectivity and impartiality, and does not have any potential conflict of interest when recommending an investment product as a result of commercial or financial links with a product provider; (c) does not receive any commission or other benefit from any third party that is likely to create a bias in favour of a particular investment product, class of investment product or product provider; and (d) does not pay any commission or confer other benefit upon its representatives which may create product bias.
United Kingdom: Julius Baer International Limited, 1 St Martins Le Grand, London, EC1A 4AS, UK. Registered Number: 01120330. Julius Baer International Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority in the UK for the provision of investment services. If you are dissatisfied with any services provided by Julius Baer International Limited, you should contact the Compliance Officer at the address above or on 020 3481 8100. Certain clients in the UK may also contact the Financial Ombudsman Service in case of any unresolved disputes: www.financial-ombudsman.org.uk . If Julius Baer International Limited is unable to meet its liabilities, certain clients may be entitled to compensation under the Financial Services Compensation Scheme: www.fscs.org.uk.
4. No warranty
Julius Baer provides no warranty and makes no representations of any kind whatsoever regarding: (1) the currency, accuracy or completeness of the content; (2) the results to be obtained by any user of the Site; or (3) any third party content accessible on or through the Site.
Except to the extent required by current laws and/or regulations, Julius Baer, including its directors, agents, employees or subcontractors: (1) disclaims any and all express or implied warranties and conditions including without limitation warranties and conditions as to quality and fitness for a particular purpose; and (2) does not warrant that the Site, any content (including any third party content), goods and services referred to therein will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected or that the Site, the servers from which it is available or any connected website is free of viruses, trojan horses, worms, software bombs or similar items or processes or other harmful components. In order to safeguard against viruses, it is advisable to use up-to-date versions of browsers and to install and continuously update antivirus software. Users should strictly avoid opening e-mails of unknown origin or unexpected e-mail attachments.
Any data, including but not limited to financial market data, quotes, notices, research or other financial information accessible through this Site, have been obtained from carefully selected sources believed to be reliable. All such information is provided “as is” to the user without express or implied warranties of any kind, including warranties of quality, originality, non-infringement of intellectual property or fitness for any particular purpose.
The information and opinions in the Site are descriptive of Julius Baer as a whole and the products and services described may not be available to or suitable for all investors. The fact that a user accesses the Site does not make him a client of Julius Baer and you are requested to refer to paragraph 3 above.
Any expressions of opinion, estimates and projections on the Site are those of the authors at the date of writing. They do not necessarily reflect the view of Julius Baer and are subject to change at any time without prior warning. Julius Baer and its contractual partners may discontinue, or make changes in, the information, data and documents, and the products or services described herein, at any time without prior notice. Any information marked with a date is published as of this date only and no obligation or responsibility is undertaken to update or amend any such information.
5. No liability
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY CURRENT LAWS AND/OR REGULATIONS, JULIUS BAER, INCLUDING ITS DIRECTORS, AGENTS, EMPLOYEES, SUB-CONTRACTORS AND ITS SALES PARTNERS DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR LOSSES OR DAMAGES (DIRECT OR INDIRECT) OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER ARISING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLYAS A RESULT OF (1) THE CONTENT, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR OTHERWISE OF THE CONTENT OR ANY LINKS OR THIRD PARTY CONTENT; (2) ANY ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE SITE; (3) USE OF OR ACCESS TO THE SITE; (4) ANY INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITE FOR ANY REASON.
TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY CURRENT LAWS AND/OR REGULATIONS, JULIUS BAER SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY (1) LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUE OR SAVINGS OR OTHER ECONOMIC LOSS, (2) LOSS OF BUSINESS OR GOODWILL, (3) LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO DATA, (4) INCIDENTAL OR SPECIAL LOSS, (5) WASTED OR LOST MANAGEMENT TIME, OR (6) INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSS ARISING FROM USE OF OR ACCESS TO THE SITE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE OR IF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE WAS FORESEEABLE.
6. Proprietary information
Unless accompanied by an explicit statement to the contrary, all content on this Site is protected by copyright, database rights, or other intellectual property rights, and is the property of Julius Baer.
Except as otherwise specifically agreed in writing or to the extent necessary to use the Site in accordance with these Terms, you shall not: (1) copy the Site in whole or in part (except to make backup copies solely for disaster recovery purposes); (2) display, reproduce, create derivative works from, transmit, sell, distribute, rent, lease, sublicense, time-share, lend or transfer or in any way exploit the Site in whole or in part; (3) embed the Site into other products; (4) use the Site in any timesharing arrangement; (5) create function calls or other embedded links from any software program to the Site; (6) remove or obscure any copyright notice of Julius Baer or any of its suppliers; (7) use any trademarks, service marks, domain names, logos, or other identifiers of Julius Baer or any of its third party suppliers; or (8) save to the extent permitted under by law, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or access the source code of the Site.
Nothing on the Site is designed to grant any license or right to use any image, trademark or logo. No act of downloading or otherwise copying from the Site will transfer any legal entitlement to any software or material on the Site to you. Julius Baer reserves all intellectual property rights (such as copyright and trademark rights) to all material on the Site, and will enforce such rights to the full extent of applicable law.
7. Third-party content
Statements on this site may contain information obtained from third parties, including ratings from rating agencies such as Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s, Fitch and other similar rating agencies, and research from research providers such as MSCI ESG Research LLC or its affiliates. Issuers mentioned or included in any MSCI ESG Research LLC materials may be a client of or affiliated with a client of MSCI Inc. (“MSCI”) or another MSCI subsidiary. Reproduction and distribution of third-party content in any form is prohibited except with the prior written permission of the related third party. Third-party content providers do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or availability of any information, including ratings or research, and are not responsible for any errors or omissions (negligent or otherwise), regardless of the cause, or for the results obtained from the use of such content. Third-party content providers give no express or implied warranties, including, but not limited to, any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use. Third-party content providers shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees or losses (including lost income or profits and opportunity costs) in connection with any use of their content, including ratings or research. Credit and/or research ratings are statements of opinions and are not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase, hold or sell securities. They do not address the market value of securities or the suitability of securities for investment purposes and should not be relied on as investment advice.
8. Material interests
Julius Baer and/or its board of directors, executive management and employees may have or have had interests or positions or traded or acted as market makers in securities referred to on the Site. Furthermore, such entities or persons may have or have had a relationship with or may provide or have provided corporate finance or other services to or serve or have served as directors of companies referred to on the Site.
9. Performance
The past is not an indication of the future performance of an investment. The value of investments may be subject to fluctuations and investors may not get back the amount invested. Changes in rates of foreign exchange may also cause the value of investments to go up or down.
10. Monitoring
Please note that all your actions while using this Site may be recorded and analyzed for various purposes, including security, marketing and system monitoring purposes.
11. Links to third-party websites
Links to third-party websites on the Site are provided solely for your convenience as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to users of the Site. Julius Baer has no control over the content on such third-party websites nor are such websites monitored by Julius Baer. Activating some links to third-party websites on this Site may cause you to leave this Site. No warranties or liability concerning the content of such websites are made, including assurances that it is correct, accurate, complete, true, up-to-date or fit for any particular purpose. Nor does Julius Baer warrant that such website or content is free from any claims of copyright or trademark or other infringement of the rights of third parties or that such site or content is free of viruses or other harmful components. No guarantee as to the authenticity of documents on the Internet is given.
Using links to third-party websites provided on this Site is at your sole discretion and at your own risk.
Please note that third-party websites are not subject to Julius Baer data protection policy and Julius Baer is not responsible for the policies they apply with regard to collection and treatment of your personal data. We recommend that you carefully read the terms of use and data protection policies governing the third-party website before using it in order to check how it protects your personal data and privacy.
12. Data processing
For information on the kind of data collected, the purpose for which it is collected, how it is processed, to whom it may be disclosed and the security measures that have been put in place to protect it, please consult the Julius Baer Data Privacy Policy under the following link:
Data Privacy Policy
13. Derivatives, research
This Site contains information on derivatives and research material. You will only be able to access detailed information on these subjects after indicating your country of origin. You will then be given access to information on derivatives and research material of Julius Baer authorized for distribution in your jurisdiction. When obtaining access to such information you are required to pay particular attention to any accompanying legal information.
14. Assignment, Subcontracting and Delegation
These Terms are for the benefit of Julius Baer its successors and assigns. Julius Baer may assign or transfer any of its rights under these Terms. Julius Baer may delegate or subcontract the performance of any obligation under these Terms.