https://www.heatex.com/privacy-policy/
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Processing of personal data
Our core privacy values
Heatex (“Heatex”, “we”, “us”) is the responsible entity (data controller) for the processing of your personal data as described in this privacy policy. We care about our customers and their privacy and aim to protect your personal data and privacy in accordance with applicable laws, industry rules and other related standards. In order to help you understand the way in which we collect and use your personal information, we have listed below our core privacy values when it comes to processing your personal data. You may always reach out to us on matters of privacy and data protection by contacting us at:
Email: info@heatex.com
Data collection
It is important to us that you are aware of what information you provide and we collect about you.
Information you provide to us:
You can directly or indirectly provide us with information. For example:
Personal data and contact information: Name, date of birth, Vat-number, invoice- and delivery address, e-mail, mobile number etc.
Payment information: Credit information, invoice information, bank account etc.
Information we collect about you:
Heatex may collect personal information when use of Heatex services, such as if you make an enquiry, purchase a product, use of web services, sign up for access to content, apply for a job, or participate in a survey or otherwise provide feedback about Heatex.
Personal data and contact information: Name, date of birth, national-id, invoice- and delivery address, e-mail, mobile number, etc.
Information about goods/services: For example, details about the goods/services you have purchased .
Financial information: Your credit rating, possible credits, etc.
Historical information: Your purchases, payment- and credit history.
Information on how you interact with our services: For example, e-mail correspondence, telephone, visit and logging on to Heatex.com and Heatexselect.com.
Generally the personal data you provide or we collect is required to enter into a contractual relationship with us and based on contractual and/or legal obligation.
Other personal data that you provide or we collect, help us to make our communication and services to you as effective and satisfying as possible. This processing is based on legitimate interest or consent.
Cookies
We may use cookies in order to improve our online appearance and web services. You can accept or deny these cookies when visiting our sites. Through Google Analytics, we use so called ‘first party cookies’ to collect information about how visitors use our Website. We collect and summarize this information in reports that we then use to help us improve the user experience. Cookies compile anonymous data, including the number of visitors to each site, where each visitor came from and which pages they visit. You may elect to unsubscribe from Google’s cookie usage by visiting Google’s Ads Settings: https://www.google.com/ads/preferences
Data Retention and Security
Heatex keeps your data only as long as necessary to fulfil our contractual obligations towards you and as required by statutory retention periods. This means, inter alia, that we will delete user profiles and other information in our databases when a customer is no longer using our services or when the information is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was collected. Where we keep your data for purposes which are not related to our contractual obligations such as for purposes like statistics, book keeping and fraud detection, we keep the data only as long as necessary and/or required by law for the respective purpose.
Heatex protects your personal data using technical and organizational security measures. To prevent unauthorized access and ensure data accuracy.
Heatex always strive to process your data within the EU/EEA. Should a situation arise where the data must be processed in and thereby transferred to a destination outside of the EU/EEA by Heatex or one of our suppliers or subcontractors we will take all reasonable legal, technical, and organizational measures, to ensure that your data is treated securely and with an adequate level of protection compared to and in line with at least the level of protection offered within the EU/EEA.
How we use and share information
Heatex uses the information we collect as follows:
To register you as a customer (where applicable);
To provide you with information, products, or services you request and purchase, and enable billing;
To optimize your visit of our Website, improve your overall experience and provide a better service. For example, by personalizing the content to meet your specific needs through the use of
Google Analytics (please note that you may opt out of such personalized advertisements at any time as described above in this privacy policy).
To process job applications (where applicable);
For marketing purposes (where applicable) such as market research activities and newsletters. Or via direct marketing provide you with various promotions related to new products and services of interest;
To communicate with you, including to provide customer service; to send service-related messages such as notifications, confirmations, and updates.
Email marketing
You may unsubscribe from our Newsletters or Surveys at any time, clicking on the unsubscribe link in the email or sending us an email at marketing@heatex.com. When required by law, we obtain your consent before sending you any promotional messages.
Sharing of information
We take your privacy very seriously. Heatex will not, without your consent, sell or pass on any information about you to any third party unless required by law to do so, or unless it is necessary in connection with a product or service you have requested or purchased from us.
Transparency – your rights to access, rectification and erasure
Heatex makes every effort to ensure that all data we process is accurate. This does of course also apply to any personal information we process. In the event that any information should prove to be incorrect, we will correct it immediately. You are entitled to review and verify all information we have on file about you by requesting a transcript of your record. You also have the right to correct inaccurate or incomplete information about yourself and to a certain extent request the deletion of your personal data (“right to be forgotten”). However, please be aware of that certain legal obligations may prevent us from immediately deleting parts of your personal data. Obligations under e.g. accounting requirements, tax-, anti-money laundering and consumer rights laws may require that we keep certain parts of your personal data. In such case we will make sure to block all data from being used for any other purposes than meeting such legal requirements. Finally, if you consider that our processing of your personal data infringes on the GDPR you have the right to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority.
If you wish to request a transcript, rectification, and erasure or have any other questions relating to the way we process personal data, please contact us at info@heatex.com.
This privacy policy was last updated on 3rd of May 2018.
CONTACT US
Get in touch! We are always here to help you!
Contact us
.contact, .contact-us{background-color: #7cc9da;}
Products
Rotary Heat Exchangers
Model E
Model O
Model EQ
Model EV
Model EN
Double Rotor
Retrofitting
Cross Flow Heat Exchangers
Model H2
Model H
Model P
Model Z
Model T
Dampers
Model CS
Retrofitting
Counter Flow Heat Exchangers
Model M
Applications
Documents
Knowledge
Return on Investment
Heat Exchanger Basics
Indoor Air Quality
Technical Dictionary
Company
About us
News
Careers
References
Contact
EMEA
North America
South America
Asia/Pacific
Calculate with Heatex Select
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy