http://www.datatranz.com/misc/privacy.htm
Call today! (800) 241-1493
Join
Mailing List
Media
Kit
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of Data Tranz LLC.
Our postal address is PO BOX 605 Valley City, ND, 58072
We can be reached via e-mail at administration@datatranz.com or
you can reach us by telephone at 800-241-1493.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically
recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address
(where possible). We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail
address of visitors to our Web page, aggregate information on what
pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what
pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the
consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations,
name and address, telephone number, fax number, payment information
(e.g., credit card number and billing address).
The information we collect is used for internal review and is
then discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page.
With respect to cookies: We do not set any cookies. If you do
not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us
know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive
periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services
or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings,
please let us know by calling us at the number provided above. Please
provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure your
name is removed from the list. Persons who supply us with their
telephone numbers on-line sending us e-mail at the above address.
Please provide us with your name and phone number.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special
relationships with any ad server companies. Upon request we provide
site visitors with access to no information that we have collected
and that we maintain about them. With respect to security: When
we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such
as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server
and will notify visitors through a pop-up screen on our site, We
have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities
to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information
that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information
policy, you may contact The Federal Trade Commission by phone at
202.FTC-HELP (202.382.4357) or electronically at http://www.ftc.gov/ftc/complaint.htm.
information@datatranz.com
1- 800-241-1493
Data Tranz, PO Box 605, Valley City, ND 58072
Links Page Privacy
Policy