http://www.hedkandi.com/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to the content
Terms and Conditions
TERMS OF WEBSITE
This page (together with the documents referred to on it) tells you the terms of use on which you may make use of our website http://www.hedkandi.com/(“Our Site”), whether as a guest or a registered user. Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use Our Site. By using Our Site, you indicate that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please refrain from using Our Site.
INFORMATION ABOUT US
http://www.hedkandi.com is a site operated by Ministry of Sound Group Limited trading as Hed Kandi ("We"). We are registered in England and Wales under company number 03299668 and have our registered office at 103 Gaunt Street, London SE1 6DP, United Kingdom. Our VAT number is 691477595.
ACCESSING OUR SITE
Access to Our Site is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on Our Site without notice (see below). We will not be liable if for any reason Our Site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of Our Site, or our entire site, to users who have not registered with us.
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any third party. We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to Our Site. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access Our Site through your internet connection are aware of these terms, and that they comply with them.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in Our Site, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from Our Site but solely for your personal reference. You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text. Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of material on Our Site must always be acknowledged.
You must not use any part of the materials on Our Site for commercial purposes without obtaining an express written licence to do so from us. If you print off, copy or download any part of Our Site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use Our Site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
RELIANCE ON INFORMATION POSTED
Commentary and other materials posted on Our Site are not intended to amount to advice on which reliance should be placed. We therefore disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by any visitor to Our Site, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
OUR SITE CHANGES REGULARLY
We aim to update Our Site regularly, and may change the content at any time. If the need arises, we may suspend access to Our Site, or close it indefinitely. Any of the material on Our Site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
OUR LIABILITY
The material displayed on Our Site is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. To the extent permitted by law, we, other members of our group of companies and third parties connected to us hereby expressly exclude:
All conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity.
Any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user in connection with Our Site or in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of Our Site, any websites linked to it and any materials posted on it, including:
loss of income or revenue;
loss of business;
loss of profits or contracts;
loss of anticipated savings;
loss of data;
loss of goodwill;
wasted management or office time; and
whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable, provided that this condition shall not prevent claims for loss of or damage to your tangible property or any other claims for direct financial loss that are not excluded by any of the categories set out above.
This does not affect our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
INFORMATION ABOUT YOU AND YOUR VISITS TO OUR SITE
We process information about you in accordance with our privacy policy. By using Our Site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
UPLOADING MATERIAL TO OUR SITE
Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload material to Our Site, or to make contact with other users of Our Site, you must comply with the content standards set out in these terms. You warrant that any such contribution does comply with terms set herein, and you indemnify us for any breach of that warranty.
Any material you upload to Our Site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and we have the right to use, copy, distribute and disclose to third parties any such material for any purpose. We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any material posted or uploaded by you to Our Site constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
We will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials posted by you or any other user of Our Site.
We have the right to remove any material or posting you make on Our Site if, in our opinion, such material does not comply with the content standards set out in our acceptable use policy.
VIRUSES, HACKING AND OTHER OFFENCES
You must not misuse Our Site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to Our Site, the server on which Our Site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to Our Site. You must not attack Our Site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack.
By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use Our Site will cease immediately.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of Our Site or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
LINKING TO OUR SITE
You cannot link to our home page or create a link to any part of Our Site and you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. We reserve the right to withdraw any unauthorised linking without notice.
LINKS FROM OUR SITE
Where Our Site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
JURISDICTION AND APPLICABLE LAW
The English courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to Our Site although we retain the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of these conditions in your country of residence or any other relevant country.
These terms of use and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales.
TRADE MARKS
Ministry of Sound, Hed Kandi, Global Underground, Dance Nation, Pump it Up, Running Trax, Ibiza Rocks, Addicted To, The Annual, Clubber’s Guide, Clubber’s Guide to..., Back to Love, Housexy, Unitrash and other names are or may be registered trademarks of Ministry of Sound Group Limited.
VARIATIONS
We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in these terms of use may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on Our Site.
YOUR CONCERNS
If you have any concerns about material which appears on Our Site, please address those by sending us a ‘Contact Us’ form at http://www.ministryofsound.com/contact.
Thank you for visiting Our Site.
Home
Terms and Conditions