http://www.windycityflyers.com/privacy-policy
Home
Flight Training
Fleet
Instructors
Aircraft Services
Join Our Team
Shop
Contact
Personal InformationWindy City Aviation, Inc. is sensitive to the privacy concerns of visitors to our Website, which is why we provide this Privacy Policy explaining our online information collection practices and your choices over the collection and use of your information. Unless you explicitly provide us with your personally identifiable information (e.g. name, e-mail address, street address, telephone number, etc.) we do not obtain information that individually identifies you when you visit our site. Should you provide it, we are committed to keeping your personally identifiable information secure and will take reasonable steps to protect your personal information from misuse or alteration.Providing Personal Information to Third PartiesIn general, we do not provide or disclose your information to third parties. However, we reserve the right to disclose any personally identifiable information as needed if such information is requested by law enforcement agencies or if we are required to do so by law, regulation, subpoena, court order, or by a government entity. We may also disclose personal information to third parties if we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating the Terms of Use of our Website, to conduct investigations of consumer complaints or possible breaches of law, to protect the integrity of the site, to fulfill your requests, or to cooperate in any legal investigation.Use Of CookiesWindy City Aviation collects information through the use of cookie technology and through information that you voluntarily provide to us.Cookies are small pieces of information that a Web site sends to your computer for record-keeping purposes, which is stored in a file on your computer. Cookies make Web surfing easier for you by saving your preferences so that we can use the saved information to facilitate your use of our Web site when you return to the site. Cookies do not give us your personal information unless you have chosen to provide it to us. We do not save passwords or credit card information in cookies. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and as such, you’ll find that most major Web sites use them.By showing how and when Customers use a site, cookies help determine which areas are popular, and therefore, improvements and updates can be based on such data as total number of visitors and pages viewed. This information is most easily tracked with cookies, making it a tool to provide better services to our customers.Most cookies expire after a defined period of time, or you can delete your cookie file at any time. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some parts of the website will not function properly or may be considerably slower if you refuse cookies.Message BoardsUsers of the message/bulletin boards on our Website should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information (e.g., user name, e-mail address, etc.) on a message/bulletin board or other interactive area where personal information can be posted, the information can be collected and used by other website users. This may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or parties. We make no representations and undertake no obligations as to the security of information you voluntarily post on message/bulletin boards.SecurityKeeping our customer’s information secure is an important concern to us. We exercise care in providing secure transmission of your information from your computer to our servers. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we use industry standard efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your information However, “perfect security” does not exist on the Internet.Links to Third Party WebsitesOur Website contains links to the Websites that are owned and operated by third parties. These other Websites are not be governed by this Windy City Aviation Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of Websites owned and operated by any such third parties. Other Websites may collect and treat information collected differently, so we encourage you to carefully read and review the privacy policy for each Website you visit.NoticeThis Website is intended for use by residents of the United States of America only. All matters relating to this site are governed by the laws of the State of Illinois in the United States of America. If you are located outside of the United States of America, in Europe, or elsewhere and you contact us, please be advised that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States of America and that by submitting information, you explicitly authorize its transfer.Privacy Policy ChangesWe reserve the right to change or remove this Privacy Policy at our sole discretion at any time. Please check back from time to time to ensure that you are aware of any updates or changes in this Privacy Policy.Acceptance of TermsBy using this site, you signify your agreement to Windy City Aviation Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this policy, do not use this site. Your continued use of our Site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.