https://www.e2di.com/privacy-policy/
Who we are
Two Dimensional Instruments, LLC
7311 Hwy 329, Ste 910
Crestwood, KY 40014
You can manage tracking based on your IP address here:
Click to enable/disable Google Analytics tracking. – allows a user to disable google tracking in his or her browser
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts. – allows a user to disable the use of google webfonts in his or her browser
Click to enable/disable Google Maps. – allows a user to disable the use of google maps in his or her browser
Click to enable/disable video embeds. – allows a user to disable video embeds in his or her browser
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Cookies
This website uses cookies. We use cookies to personalize content and to analyze our traffic. We don’t share information about your use of our site with our social media or advertising partners. For reasons of transparency & EU-based GDPR compliance, you must consent to our cookies policy if you continue to use our website.
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user’s experience more efficient.
A newly instated EU-based GDPR law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Your consent applies to the following domains: https://www.e2di.com or simply “e2di.com”
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Who we share your data with
We anonymously share your visiting data and behavior with Google. We do not know who you are, nor does Google; your IP address is anonymous, as is your name or other personally identifiable information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) Compliance Policy
This privacy policy sets out how e2di.com uses and protects any information that you give e2di.com when you use this website.
e2di.com is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
e2di.com may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from January 2019.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
IP Address for security
Contact information including email address on Opt-in forms
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests collected by Google Analytics – all information is for internal use only, and anonymous
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers which require consent/Opt-in
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided by Opting in to one of our forms. These forms can be unsubscribed from and all data “forgotten” and erased from our databases. .
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
We may also use feedback gathered from paid services such as online courses for marketing purposes. Your full identity will be protected. Typically, we just use initial for last name, and first name.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
PagesA Few Of Our Customers
About 2DI
accessories
All products
Application Notes
Ball In The Wall is not enough
Ball In The Wall Pressure Indicator Alternative
Blog
Building Pressure Monitor
Cart
Checkout
Cleanroom Install Images
Cleanroom Installation
Cleanroom Monitor
Contact
Custom Build Environmental Monitor
Customer Reviews
Data Logger (Wired & Wireless Sensors)
Document Library
Extreme Temperature Data Logger
Food Manufacturing Monitor
Freezer Alarm
Freezer Alarm also Logs and Charts Temperature History
Frequently Asked Questions
glossary
Healthcare Environmental Monitor
Home
Home-More-Information
Home-prm
IV Room Environmental Monitor
Links To Temperature-Related Sites
Master Hygrometer (Wired & Wireless Sensors)
Master Thermometer (4 Sensors)
My account
Other Applications and Landing Pages
Privacy Policy
Purchase Online
Refrigerator Freezer Alarm -Wireless Sensors
Request a Quote
Room Pressure Monitor by TV2
Room Pressure Monitor Landing
Shop
Specifications
Support – User Guides, PC software, etc…
TV2 Cleanroom Product Dimensions
TV2 mounting options
TView Software
TView Software Download
Videos and PowerPoint Presentations
Warehouse & Museum Monitor
Why Ball In The Wall Isn’t Enough
Categories Calibration Procedures
Care & Use Guides
Cleanrooms
General
Quality Documents (IQ/OQ) – Cleanroom Monitor
Quick-start Guides
Sensors
Uncategorized
Archive November 2020
October 2020
July 2020
March 2020
January 2020
September 2019
July 2019
April 2019
February 2019
January 2019
December 2018
October 2018
August 2018
July 2014
May 2013
February 2012
LinksA Few Of Our Customers
About 2DI
Privacy Policy
DESIGNED. SUPPORTED. MANUFACTURED
Can’t find it? Search the site!
Site designed by:Rip Current Web Design
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.Learn MoreOkCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Google Analytics Cookies
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
If you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:
Click to enable/disable Google Analytics tracking.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Other cookies
The following cookies are also needed - You can choose if you want to allow them:
Click to enable/disable _ga - Google Analytics Cookie.
Click to enable/disable _gid - Google Analytics Cookie.
Click to enable/disable _gat_* - Google Analytics Cookie.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy Policy
Accept settingsHide notification only