http://www.money.net/privacy-statement
2020 Privacy Statement
Money.Net is committed to maintaining the confidentiality and security of personal information about our current, former and prospective customers.
Information Collection
When you sign up for Money.Net's subscription service, you will be asked to select a username and password, and to provide us with your full name, address, phone number and e-mail address. We use your username and password to verify your identity, which is required to provide you access to your market data and personal account information. We also ask for your credit card information to process your initial and subsequent payments. We may use personal information to service and maintain your access to your market data, respond to inquiries from the various stock exchanges, and process transactions in your account.
Confidentiality and Security
Money.Net has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you. In certain areas Money.Net uses industry-standard SSL encryption to protect data transmissions.
Use of your Personal Information
Money.Net does not share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you have requested, when we have your permission, or as required by the various stock exchanges to supply your registration data to them as required by the rules of the exchanges, and/or applicable law. We may respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Money.Net's Terms and Conditions, or as otherwise required by law.
Privacy Online
We use firewall barriers, encryption techniques and authentication procedures, among others, to maintain the security of your online session and to protect your accounts from unauthorized access.
When you interact with us through online channels (for example, websites and mobile applications) Money.Net manages your personal information in accordance with all of the practices and safeguards described above.
When you visit Money.Net, we may collect technical and navigational information, such as device type, browser type, Internet protocol address, pages visited, and average time spent on our websites. We use this information for a variety of purposes, such as maintaining the security of your online session, facilitating site navigation, improving our website design and functionality, and personalizing your experience on our websites.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. Money.Net uses cookies to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site and to keep track of your access to your personalized stock portfolio and real-time quote information. We may also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests.
Money.Net may use cookies to generate anonymous usage statistics, including: number of page views, number of first-time visitors, number of unique visitors, and number of returning visitors. This usage information is not linked to personally identifiable information gathered elsewhere on the site.
You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
If you refuse a cookie when on a Money.Net website, or if you delete cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of Money.Net websites. For example, you may not be able to sign in and access your account, or we may not be able to recognize you, your device, or your online preferences.
Money.Net may use electronic images, such as web beacons or pixel tags that allow a website to count users who have visited a certain page or to access certain cookies.
These may be included in HTML-formatted email messages in order to determine which email messages were opened and to note whether a message was acted upon.
IP Addresses
When your web browser or email application requests a web page or email from another computer on the Internet, it automatically gives that computer the address where it should send the information. This is called your computer's "IP address". When a Money.Net web page is requested and viewed, that request is logged on our servers with information including the IP address of the computer that requested the page. IP addresses may be used to diagnose service or technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with the IP addresses controlled by a specific web company or ISP. To prevent abuse, your IP address is also stored in our user registration databases when you register with Money.Net.
Web Site Usage Data
Money.Net keeps track of usage data, such as the source address that a page request is coming from, your IP address or domain name, the date and time of the page request, the referring website (if any), the type and version of browser you are using, and other parameters in the URL. We use this data in the aggregate to better understand website usage. This information is stored in log files and is used for aggregated and statistical reporting. This log information is not linked to personally identifiable information gathered elsewhere on the site. IP addresses may be used to diagnose service or technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with the IP addresses controlled by a specific web company or ISP. To prevent abuse, your IP address is also stored in our user registration databases when you register with Money.Net.
Links
Money.Net may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that Money.Net is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information.
Social Media
Money.Net provides experiences on social media platforms that enable online sharing and collaboration among customers who have registered to use them. We may collect information you provide by interacting with us via social media.
Any content you post, such as pictures, information, opinions, or any personal information that you make available to other participants on these social platforms, is also subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of those platforms. Please refer to them to better understand your rights and obligations with regard to such content.
Additional Information
If you are a former customer, these policies also apply to you; we treat your information with the same care as we do information about our current customers.
Notification of Changes
Money.Net will occasionally update this privacy statement. If we make any material changes in our privacy practices, we will post a prominent notice on our web site notifying users of the change. In some cases where we post the notice, we also email users, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments, you can email support@money.net.
Username:
E-mail:
Need an account?
Start A 14 Day Free Trial
Password:
Password
Forgot your password?
×