https://www.lg.com/us/privacy
To properly experience our LG.com website, you will need to use an alternate browser or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE10 or greater).
LG.com utilizes responsive design to provide a convenient experience that conforms to your devices screen size. In order to get the best possible experience from our website, please follow below instructions.
If you're using Internet Explorer 9 or earlier, you will need to use an alternate browser such as Firefox or Chrome or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE10 or greater).
Skip to Contents
Skip to Accessibility Help
HOME
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: October 7, 2020
LG Electronics U.S.A. Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively “we,” “us,” or "LGEUS") care about your privacy. LGEUS provides many products and services. This privacy policy applies specifically to (i) LGEUS websites where it is posted or referenced (“LGEUS Websites”), (ii) the LGEUS Chatbot, (iii) LGEUS customer service calls, (iv) LGEUS emails, and (v) LGEUS product registration (collectively, the "Services"). This privacy policy does not apply to any other LGEUS branded products or services. The purpose of this privacy policy is to explain how we collect information, what we collect, how we use it, how we share it, and what controls and rights you have. By using the Services, you consent to the terms of this privacy policy.
A. How We Collect Information
When you use the any of the Services, we may collect information about you directly from you, automatically from your device, or from third parties.
Direct Collection. By using the Services you may directly provide us with information. For example, you may click on buttons or enter text on an LGEUS Website, tell us information when you use the LGEUS Chatbot or call/email LGEUS customer service, or fill out and send us a product registration card for your LGEUS product.
Automatic Collection. By using the Services you may automatically provide us with information. For example, when you visit one of our LGEUS Websites from your computer, browser or smartphone, your device may automatically send us information such as browser requests, your IP address, or cookie or pixel data. Similarly, when you call LGEUS customer service, your phone carrier may automatically send us information for the Caller ID function.
Third Parties. LGEUS may also obtain information about you from third-party marketing, database, analytics partners or service providers.
B. The Information We Collect
As a general matter, LGEUS collects information that may help us in providing you with the current Services and provide you with future products and services.
Basic Identifiers. We may collect basic identifying information about who our customers or visitors are. For example, we may collect information about (a) the person (e.g., first name, last name, date of birth), (b) contact details (e.g., e-mail address, phone number, postal address), (c) account details (e.g., username, password), and (d) device details (e.g., device model name, OS version, UUID, IMEI, Carrier, Country, log files, Internet Protocol (IP) address). Basic Identifiers may be collected directly or automatically from you when you interact with the Service (e.g., when you register a device, create an account, review a product, or contact us).
Commercial Information. We may collect information about products you are interested in (e.g., Wish List), have ordered or received, purchases you have made, services you have ordered or received, payment information (e.g., credit card number, billing address) and your general purchase history. We may collect this information directly or automatically.
Network Activity. We may collect information about your Internet and other network activity. Such information may include the website that referred you to an LGEUS Website or how you interact with the Service. We may collect this information directly or automatically.
Personal Characteristics. We may collect characteristics about you (e.g., age, gender, marital status) from third parties so we can better understand who you are as a customer.
Audio Information. We may record phone calls made to our customer service for quality assurance. We collect this information automatically.
Inferences about Trends and Preferences.
Through the course of your interactions with the Service, we may create or collect inferences about you for purposes of creating a profile to understand you better, such as your basic preferences, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, aptitudes, or other characteristics. We may collect this information directly, automatically, or via third party marketing, database, or analytics partners.
C. How We Use Information
As a general matter, LGEUS uses the information it collects to help us in providing you with the current Services, to improve our products and services, and provide you with future products and services.
To provide you with functionality.
We may use your basic identifiers and network activity to provide you with the LGEUS Websites, Chatbot and other Services. For example, we use your IP address to send you the requested LGEUS Website and use cookies so that the LGEUS Website can remember who you are every time you click a button and navigate around the LGEUS Website.
To create an LGEUS account. We may use your basic identifiers to create an account with LGEUS.
To serve you with relevant advertisements. We may use your basic identifiers, network activity, commercial information (e.g., transaction history), and inferences to serve you with relevant advertisements and special offers.
To complete a transaction.
We may use your basic identifiers, commercial information and network activity in order to complete your requested purchase of goods or services, including monitoring the transaction for fraud.
To register purchase products. We may use your basic identifiers and commercial information to register your product with LGEUS, verify ownership for your warranty, offer you extended service plans, provide you with tips on the use of your product and special offers, and to provide customer service.
To register purchased products.
We may use your basic identifiers and commercial information to register your product with LGEUS, verify ownership for your warranty, offer you extended service plans, provide you with tips on the use of your product and special offers, and to provide customer service.
To communicate with you.
We may use your basic identifiers to communicate with you about our products, services, and special promotions.
To compile statistics.
We may use basic identifiers, commercial information, and network activity to compile statistics and other analytics about users and/or the function and usage of the Service.
To comply with our legal obligations.
We may use basic identifiers, commercial information and network activity to comply with any applicable legal obligations.
D. Sharing Your Information
In general, LGEUS may share all of the categories of information we collect within our corporate umbrella (e.g., with our corporate parent, subsidiaries, or joint partnerships) or with our external service providers in order to provide you with the current Services, to improve the Services, and provide you with future products and services, including all the purposes listed in the preceding “How We Use Information” section above. For example, LGEUS may share your information:
To Provide Products or Services. We may share your basic identifiers, network activity, and commercial information with our service providers, who help us provide you with products or services you request on the Service. Such service providers include customer management vendors, payment processors, and marketing vendors. We need to share information with these partners in order to process your order, fulfill your request, provide you with customer support, or provide other services or functions. Additionally, if you have entered a sweepstakes or contest, we may use your information in order to fulfill the terms of that promotion. We may also share with our parent company, subsidiaries, and affiliates in order to better serve you or maintain our business.
To Provide You With More Relevant Advertisements. In order to provide you with certain advertisements, including ads tailored to your interests based upon your information (“interest-based advertisements”), we may need to share certain information with partners who work with us and with other entities to place these ads. Interest-based advertisements may be displayed across different platforms, websites, and devices.
To Improve Our Advertising. We may share your basic identifiers, network activity, commercial information, personal characteristics and inferences with service partners who assist us in placing and evaluating the effectiveness of our advertisements and marketing campaigns.
For Legal Reasons. We may share all of the above categories of information with service partners or other outside entities as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, including compliance with any applicable law, legal process, or court order. We may also share information in order to protect and defend the rights of LGE, our users, or any other individual, to protect against fraudulent or malicious activity, to protect the safety of persons or property, to enforce our Terms & Conditions, or to cooperate with law enforcement agencies.
For Other Internal Reasons. We may share all of the above categories of information with service partners and other entities that provide LGE with certain services or assist with internal functions, such as analyzing data, maintaining the security of our systems, or ensuring our compliance with the law. For example, we may share information with auditing firms, outside attorneys in order to obtain legal advice, or with other professional advisors. Other entities that may receive information for these purposes include information security vendors, data analytics firms, quality assurance assessors, and similar types of entities. We may also share with our parent company, subsidiaries, and affiliates in order to better serve you or maintain our business.
In Connection with a Sale or Merger. If we directly or indirectly undergo a business transition (including proposed transactions), such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or part of our assets, we may share all of the above categories of information to the successor or potential successor organization, as well as their professional advisors during the transition.
When you otherwise consent to such disclosure. We may share certain information with service partners or other entities when you direct us to share (e.g., via the use of our share button) or otherwise consent to our sharing such information.
LGEUS may also share all of the categories of information we collect with third party advertising entities, such as third-party advertising networks and/or data analytics providers, under circumstances that may be considered a “sale” under data privacy laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act.
E. Your control and choices
The information you submit.
You are in control of the information that you choose to directly provide LGEUS. This privacy policy explains how LGEUS will treat any information that you choose to submit directly via the service. Please note that if you submit information to a public portion of an LGEUS Service (e.g., forums, chat rooms, product reviews, and other public posting areas), your information will be accessible by anyone and LGEUS makes no representations as to how other persons may use that public information. Please do not post or submit personal information to public areas within LGEUS Services if you do not want to make that information public. .
The information that we automatically collect. When accessing the Services via a web browser, LGEUS may automatically collect information using web technologies like cookies. A cookie is a small text file that is placed in your browser and used to collect information about your activity. Many web browsers allow you to limit the use of cookies. You can find more information about cookies and how to manage them at www.allaboutcookies.org. We have also included a few helpful links should you choose to do so here: Google Chrome, Internet Explorer,
Firefox,
Safari, and Opera. However, please be advised that when you limit or turn off certain cookies, certain LGEUS Services may not be available to you.
Your account.
You may access your LGEUS account to see what information is connected with your account and determine whether you would like to edit or delete such information.
SMS users.
For customers who agreed to SMS messaging from LGEUS, you will receive a minimum of four SMS messages. Although all LGEUS alerts and promotions are complimentary, message and data rates may apply. Depending on your text plan, you may be charged by your carrier. By enrolling in this service, you certify that you are over 18 years of age and (a) you are the account holder or (b) you have the account holder's permission to do so. Content is not available on all carriers.
The service is available on AT&T, Sprint, Boost, Verizon Wireless, U.S. Cellular®, T-Mobile® & MetroPCS. SMS messaging is not compatible with all cell phone models. As mobile access and text message delivery is subject to your mobile carrier network availability, such access and delivery is not guaranteed. LGEUS is not responsible for any delays upon sending or receiving text messages. You may opt out of text delivery at any time by replying STOP.
Communications.
From time to time, we communicate with users of the Services who subscribe to our services via email or text message. For example, we may use your email address to confirm your request, to send you notice of payments, to send you information about changes to our products and services, and to send notices and other disclosures as required by law. Generally, you cannot opt-out of these types of necessary or informational communications, but you may unsubscribe from other emails and text messages.
Should you no longer wish to receive text messages from LGEUS, you can contact us directly at CAprivacy@lge.com or reply with the message “STOP” to a message after it is received. If you unsubscribe via the “STOP” method, you hereby confirm consent to receiving a confirmatory message in response to your STOP request. Message and data rates may apply.
Should you no longer wish to receive promotional emails from LGEUS, you may unsubscribe by logging into your LGEUS account and editing your email preferences or by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link within the text of the email.
F. Your Rights
California – California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”):
This document – the LGEUS privacy policy – provides notice to California consumers regarding the personal information collected, the sources of the personal information, the use of the personal information, a description of how LGEUS shares that personal information, and your California privacy rights.
You have the right to (a) know what personal information LGEUS collects about you (including the specific pieces of that information), how it uses that information, to whom it discloses that information, and whether it sells that information to third parties, (b) to have LGEUS delete your personal information, (c) to opt out of any sale of your personal information, and (d) not be discriminated against for exercising any of these rights.
As a California resident, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise your rights on your behalf. In order for us to honor a request made by your agent, you must submit proof of your written authorization of the agent to CAprivacy@lge.com prior to submitting a request.
How to exercise your data privacy rights: LGEUS takes your privacy seriously. That is why LGEUS operates a special form for you to exercise your privacy rights. You can access that privacy form here at https://www.LG.com/us/caprivacy or call LGEUS customer service at 833-660-0245 for assistance.
In submitting a request, LGEUS may ask you to verify your identity so that we can protect you against fraudulent requests for your information. Thus, LGEUS may ask you to sign into your LGEUS account, to provide information about your LGEUS products, or provide other confirming information.
California – Shine The Light.
You have the right to be provided with a description of any categories of information that LGEUS disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes and to know the identity of those third parties. To make such a request please contact us at CAprivacy@lge.com.
California – Eraser Law. If you are a California resident under the age of 18 and are a registered user of the LGEUS Websites, then you may request that we remove any submission you publicly posted on or in the LGEUS Websites. To request removal of a submission, please email a detailed description of the submission to CAprivacy@lge.com. You may also be able to log into your account and delete your own submission. LGEUS reserves the right to ask you to provide information that enables us to confirm that the submission in question was created and posted by you.
G. Where is your Information - International Transfer of Information
LGEUS is based in the United States. However, in providing you with the Services, LGEUS may share or transfer your information within its corporate umbrella (e.g., with its parent company headquartered in South Korea) or with external service providers that are outside of the United States.
H. Collection and Use of Information from Children Under the Age of 16
LGEUS Services are open to users 16 years of age and above. LGEUS does not knowingly collect or solicit information from anyone under the age of 16 or knowingly allow such persons to use its Services.
I. Third Party Web Sites and Cookies
This privacy policy applies solely to information collected via the Services. The Services may contain links to other web sites or services. Similarly, third parties may place cookies on your device that allow them to track your network activity while using LGEUS Websites and Services. Any information you provide to these third parties is subject to that third party’s privacy policy. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other websites or third party cookies.
J. Do Not Track
Your browser may offer you a “Do Not Track” option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services that you do not want them to track your online activities. The LGEUS Website does not currently support Do Not Track requests.
K. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy from time to time in our sole discretion. When we do, we will also revise the "last update" date at the top of this privacy policy. If material changes are made to the privacy policy, we will notify you by placing a prominent notice on the Services or via email at the email address we have on file for you. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy policy to keep up to date on how we are handling your personal information.
L. Security
We make reasonable efforts to ensure security on our systems, however, no data transmissions over the Internet or via postal mail can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you understand that any information that you transfer to LGEUS is done at your own risk.
M. Contacting LGEUS
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at CAprivacy@lge.com. All information you provide in any written communication will also be covered by this policy.
Go to page top
1Free shipping not available for parts and accessories. Free shipping to qualifying US destinations in the contiguous United States; not available for P.O. Boxes, addresses outside the contiguous 48 states, international addresses, Army Post Office (APO), Diplomatic Post Office (DPO) and Fleet Post Office (FPO).
Prices, promotions and availability may vary by store and online. Prices subject to change without notice. Quantities are limited. Check with your local retailers for their final price and availability.
Because life waits for no one, at LG USA we create consumer electronics, appliances and mobile devices that are designed to help you connect with those who matter most. Whether that means cooking a nutritious, delicious meal for your family, staying connected on-the-go, sharing your favorite photos, watching a movie with your kids or creating a clean, comfortable place to celebrate the moments that matter, we'll be there for you every step of the way. Designed with you in mind, LG products offer innovative solutions to make life good. With intuitive, responsive controls, sleek, stylish designs, and eco-friendly features, our collection gives you the power to do more at home and on the go. It includes: Mobile: To help you stay connected your way, our mobile devices feature powerful smartphones and slim tablets that fit seamlessly into your life. And whether you want to download the latest apps, shop online, text, track your fitness or just surf the web, they make it easy to do it all on-the-go.
TV/Audio/Video: If you can't get enough of your favorite sports, the latest movies, love 3D entertainment -- or just want to listen to your favorite music in stunning clarity -- our newest electronics can help you experience it all in a whole new way. Another plus? Now, you can get a one-year Disney+ subscription with participating OLED TV model purchases, or a 6-month subscription with participating NanoCell TVs.Appliances: Created to help you enjoy more of what life has to offer, our appliance collection features ranges and ovens that can help you cook healthy, delicious meals more efficiently, clean your dishes faster, do more laundry in less time, and even clean and cool your house so you can enjoy a comfortable space all year long. Computer Products: Life happens in an analog environment -- and on a digital plane. And our newest computer products can help you experience the best of both worlds. Designed to give you crystal-clear images, deep blacks and rich colors, plus the speed and storage you need to work and play, safeguard memories and protect important documents, they can help you make the most of life in every way. From the very first note, our collection will transform your living room into a stunning home theater Explore our complete collection of LG electronics, mobile devices, appliances and home entertainment solutions -- and find everything you need to connect with your friends and family, no matter where they are.
Copyright © 2009-2020 LG Electronics. All Rights Reserved
LG Jeong-Do Management Ethics Hotline