https://www.mycapital.com/privacy-policy.php
Account
Home
Capital Express
Loan Express
Post Business Profile
Search Venture Capital Firms
Search Banks
Resources
Venture Capital Events
Venture Capital Associations
Signup & Login
Menu
Capital Express
Loan Express
Post Business Profile
Search Venture Capital Firms
Search Banks
Pricing
FAQ
Resources
Privacy Policy
MyCapital is committed to respecting the privacy of our users.
We strive to provide a safe, secure user experience. This
Privacy Statement sets forth the online data collection and
usage policies and practices that apply to all of our Web
sites (unless a different privacy statement is specifically
made applicable). By using a MyCapital Web site, you consent
to the policies and practices described in this Statement.
Your data will be stored and processed in whole or in part
in the United States. If you access a MyCapital Web site outside
the United States, your usage of that site constitutes consent
to the transfer of your data out of your country and to the
United States.
Our sites contain links to other Web sites over which we
have no control. MyCapital is not responsible for the privacy
policies or practices of other Web sites to which you choose
to link from a MyCapital Web site. We encourage you to review
the privacy policies of those other Web sites so you can understand
how they collect, use and share your information. This Privacy
Statement applies solely to the information we collect on
a MyCapital Web site, and does not apply to information we
collect in any other fashion.
Collection and Retention of Information
In some areas of our Web sites, MyCapital requests or may
request that you provide personal information, including your
name, address, e-mail address, telephone number credit card
number, social security number, contact information, billing
information and any other information from which your identity
is discernible. In other areas, MyCapital collects or may
collect demographic information that is not unique to you
such as your ZIP code, age, preferences, gender, interests
and favorites. Sometimes we collect or may collect a combination
of the two types of information. Examples of areas on MyCapital
Web sites where we collect personal or combined personal and
demographic data are pages where you can open a MyMyCapital
account, sign up to use a service, post a resume, enter a
contest or purchase a product
In addition, MyCapital may indirectly collect information
about you when you use certain third party services on our
Web site. For example, if you register on our site by using
your Microsoft Passport user name and password, you authorize
us to have access to and store the information in your Passport
account profile; such information will be subject to, and
treated in accordance with, the policies and practices described
in this Statement.
We also gather or may gather certain information about your
use of our site, such as what areas you visit and what services
you access. Moreover, there is information about your computer
hardware and software that is or may be collected by MyCapital.
This information can include without limitation your IP address,
browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web
site addresses.
MyCapital may sometimes afford you the opportunity to provide
descriptive, cultural, behavioral, preferential and/or life
style information about yourself, but it is solely up to you
whether you furnish such information. If you do provide such
information, you are thereby consenting to the use of that
information in accordance with the policies and practices
described in this Statement. For example, such information
may be used for the purpose of determining your potential
interest in receiving email or other communications about
particular products or services.
Please remember that if you post any of your information
in public areas of MyCapital, such as in online forums or
chat rooms, in MyCapital Networking, or in the searchable
resume database, such information may be collected and used
by others over whom MyCapital has no control. We are not responsible
for the use made by third parties of information you post
or otherwise make available in public areas of MyCapital.
Since we believe that managing your career is a life-long
process, we retain indefinitely all the information we gather
about you in an effort to make your repeat use with us more
efficient, practical, and relevant. Of course, you can correct
or update your MyMyCapital account profile at any time. Moreover,
you can delete your profile from MyCapital's online database
at any time, in which event we will remove all our copies
of your profile.
Use of Information by MyCapital
We use the information we gather on a MyCapital Web site,
whether personal, demographic, collective or technical, for
the purpose of operating and improving the MyCapital Web site,
fostering a positive user experience, and delivering the products
and services that we offer.
We may also use the information we gather to inform you of
other products or services available from MyCapital or its
affiliated companies or to contact you about your opinion
of current products and services or potential new products
and services that may be offered. (The term "affiliated
companies" is defined in the section of this Statement
entitled "Contact Information.")
We may use your contact information in order to send you
e-mail or other communications regarding updates at the MyCapital
site, such as new listings which may be of interest to you.
The nature and frequency of these messages will vary depending
upon the information we have about you. In addition, at the
time of registration for MyMyCapital, you have the option
to elect to receive additional communications, information
and promotions including without limitation free informational
newsletters from MyCapital relating to topics that may be
of special interest to you, such as career management advice.
We have an area where you can submit feedback. Any feedback
you submit in this area becomes our property, and we can use
such feedback (such as success stories) for marketing purposes
or to contact you for further information.
Disclosure of Information to Others
We do not disclose to third parties your personal information,
combined personal and demographic information or information
about your use of a MyCapital Web site (such as the areas
you visit or the services you access), except as set forth
below.
We may disclose such information to third parties if you
consent to such disclosure. For example, if you indicate that
you would like to receive information about the products or
services of third parties at the time you register for a MyMyCapital
account, we may supply your contact information to third parties
such as employers, recruiters, data aggregators, marketers
or others for the purpose of sending you e-mail or otherwise
communicating with you. We may use data we have about you
(such as the interests and preferences you have expressed)
to determine whether you might be interested in the products
or services of a particular third-party
We may disclose such information to companies and individuals
we employ to perform functions on our behalf. Examples may
include hosting our Web servers, analyzing data, providing
marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and
providing customer service. These companies and individuals
will have access to your personal information as necessary
to perform their functions, but they may not share that information
with any other third party.
We may disclose such information if legally required to
do so, if requested to do so by a governmental entity or if
we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to:
(a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process;
(b) protect the rights or property of MyCapital or its affiliated
companies; (c) prevent a crime or protect national security;
or (d) protect the personal safety of users or the public.
We may disclose and transfer such information to a third
party who acquires all or a substantial portion of MyCapital's
business, whether such acquisition is by way of merger, consolidation
or purchase of all or a substantial portion of our assets.
In addition, in the event MyCapital becomes the subject of
a bankruptcy proceeding, whether voluntary or involuntary,
MyCapital or its trustee in bankruptcy may sell, license or
otherwise dispose of such information in a transaction approved
by the bankruptcy court.
MyCapital may also share aggregated anonymous information
about visitors to each of its Web sites (for example, the
number of visitors to MyCapital's Diversity area) with its
clients, partners and other third parties so that they may
understand the kinds of visitors to MyCapital's site and how
those visitors use the site.
MyCapital supplies technology, hosting and related services
to other leading companies to power recruitment areas on their
Web sites (sometimes referred to as "private label recruitment
areas"). Personal and/or demographic information supplied
by you in private label recruitment areas becomes part of
the MyCapital database, but it is not accessible by anyone
other than you, MyCapital and the company concerned without
your consent.
Company Profiles
Since your company profile is searchable, all parties with
access to our searchable database (or copies thereof) will
have access to your company profile.
We attempt to limit access to our searchable database (or
copies thereof) only to paying members, but cannot guarantee
that other parties will not gain access to this database.
We are not responsible for the use made of your profiles by
third parties who access such profiles while they are in our
searchable database. You may remove your profile from our
searchable database at any time. However, MyCapital members
who have paid for access to that database may have retained
a copy of your profile We are not responsible for the retention,
use or privacy of profiles in these instances.
Use of Cookies
MyCapital uses "cookies" to help personalize and
maximize your online experience and time online. A cookie
is a text file that is placed on your hard drive by a Web
page server. Cookies are not used to run programs or deliver
viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to
your computer, and can only be read by a Web server in the
domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience
feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell
the Web server that you have returned to a specific page.
For example, if you personalize MyCapital pages, or register
for services, a cookie helps us to recall your specific information
(such as user name, password and preferences). Because of
our use of cookies, we can deliver faster and more accurate
results and a more personalized site experience. When you
return to the MyCapital site, the information you previously
provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the features
that you customized. We also use cookies to track click streams
and for load balancing.
You may have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most
Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually
modify your browser setting to decline all cookies if you
prefer. Alternatively, you may be able to modify your browser
setting to notify you each time a cookie is tendered and permit
you to accept or decline cookies on an individual basis. If
you choose to decline cookies, however, that may hinder performance
and negatively impact your experience on the MyCapital Web
site.
Use of Web Beacons
MyCapital Web pages may contain electronic images known as
Web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel gifs) that allow
us to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver
co-branded services. Web beacons are not used to access your
personally identifiable information on MyCapital; they are
a technique we use to compile aggregated statistics about
our Web site usage
Web beacons collect only a limited set of information including
a cookie number, time and date of a page view, and a description
of the page on which the Web beacon resides.
Updating Your Information
You may review, correct, update or change your MyMyCapital
account profile information at any time. Simply log into your
MyMyCapital account, go to your Account Profile, review your
account information and, if you wish, edit it with the options
provided.
If you opted to receive newsletters, commercial e-mails or
other communications from MyCapital or third parties at the
time you registered with MyMyCapital, but subsequently change
your mind, you may opt-out by editing your Account Profile
as described above. If you previously opted not to receive
such communications, you may later opt-in by editing your
Account Profile. .
Security
MyCapital has implemented reasonable technical and organizational
measures designed to secure your personal information from
accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration
or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized
third parties will never be able to defeat those measures
or use your personal information for improper purposes.
Changes to Privacy Statement
If we decide to change our Privacy Statement for MyCapital,
we will post those changes here so that you will always know
what information we gather, how we might use that information,
and to whom we will disclose it. If at any time, you have
questions or concerns about MyCapital's Privacy Statement,
please feel free to email us at mycap@MyCapital.com or call
us at (310) 868-2944 and speak to one of our representatives.
Contact Information
MyCapital is a name under which the Atlas Capital Group Corp.,
a Delaware corporation with its principal place of business
at 1800 Century Park E. #600, Los Angeles, CA 90067 does business.
The Atlas Capital Group Corp. is the legal entity which determines
the purposes and means of processing the information gathered
at the MyCapital Web sites. The information we gather on any
MyCapital Web site may be shared within the Atlas Capital
Group Corp. and its affiliated companies.
We welcome your comments concerning this Privacy Statement.
If you believe that we have not adhered to this Statement,
please contact us by e-mailing us at mycap@MyCapital.com or
by calling us at (310) 868-2944. We will use commercially
reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Thank you for using MyCapital.com.
Update effective August 24, 2017.