http://www.equalexchange.coop/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Accessibility help
Privacy Policy
Home ›Privacy Policy
Equal Exchange has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for: equalexchange.coop and subdomains of equalexchange.coop including but not limited to shop.equalexchange.coop and blog.equalexchange.coop
What We CollectPersonally-Identifiable InformationWe collect and store the personally identifiable information you affirmatively choose to provide to us, such as your name, mailing address, email address, and other information, when you purchase products, create an account with us, fill out a survey, sign up for a newsletter, complete a form, enter a contest, participate in a promotion, post comments on bulletin boards, or otherwise interact with our Site. For example, when you purchase a product from our Site, we ask you to provide certain personally-identifiable information to fulfill your order, including your name, email address, phone, shipping address, billing address and payment information to facilitate your purchase. We also collect information such as the products you have ordered or considered, as well as your purchasing history.
Non-Personally-Identifiable InformationWe also collect non-personally-identifiable information through the use of cookies. Cookies are pieces of data your web browser stores on your hard drive to allow our Site to provide you with enhanced services. Cookies allow us to store products in your online shopping cart, process orders and recognize whether or not you have visited our Site before. This provides us – as well as the affiliates we allow to place cookies on our Site – with important marketing information and lets us know how we are doing at both attracting new visitors and maintaining relationships with our existing customers.
If you wish, you can set your browser to refuse cookies. However, you should keep in mind that cookies may be required to place an online order and for other user-friendly Site functions, so blocking cookies will negatively impact your experience. Should you wish to block cookies through your web browser, you may still purchase products by contacting Customer Service Monday - Friday from 9 AM - 5 PM at 774-776-7366. You may also manage your cookie consent on our cookie policy page.
In some cases, we may also collect information from third-party sources, including social media sites and other sites with which we may partner on Equal Exchange promotions. For example, if you post a comment on our Facebook page or send us a message on Twitter, we may collect and use that information as described in this Privacy Policy. Please note that we may combine this information with other information that we collect about you and use it as described herein.
We use Google Analytics, Google Adwords, Marketo, Zapier, Facebook, Smile.io and other marketing tools to log when users view specific pages or take specific actions on a website. This allows us to provide targeted advertising in the future. You can limit the advertising you will see from us by visiting the opt-out pages on DoubleClick and the Network-Advertising Initiative. We also integrate with Smile.io, Yotpo, Nchannel and Persistent Cart to facilitate and improve your shopping experience.
For a full list of the cookies we use and to update your cookie consent preferences, please visit our cookie policy page.
What we do with the information we gatherWe use the personally identifiable information we collect for various purposes, including to complete a purchase that you initiate, to respond to your requests for information, to manage our Site and for marketing analysis, marketing email communications, rewards program tracking, wishlist administration, mailings, display advertising, and other lawful purposes. From time to time, we may also contact you by email, phone or mail for such purposes as to inform you of new products, services and special offers, to administer a survey, or to follow up on previous interactions, unless you have opted out of receiving advertising communications from us by email and/or direct mail. If you do not wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the opt-out instructions generally provided in such communications. Alternatively, you can contact us at 774-776-7366 and speak directly with a Customer Service representative who can answer any questions you may have and update your account accordingly.
The names and addresses of our customers are occasionally provided to third parties. Equal Exchange partners with certain interfaith groups, including American Friends Service Committee, BPFNA - Bautistas por la Paz, Catholic Relief Services, Church of the Brethren, Disciples of Christ, Episcopal Relief & Development, Fair Trade Judaica, Mennonite Central Committee U.S., Presbyterian Church USA, T'ruah, Unitarian Universalist Service Committee, United Church of Christ, United Methodist Committee on Relief, Women of the ELCA. If we identify you as a member of one of these partnerships or if you select a partnership during check-out, we may share your information with that partner for marketing and reporting purposes or for direct mail advertising. If you would like to remove consent, please contact us at communityorders@equalexchange.coop or speak with a Customer Service representative at 774-776-7366.
We may also disclose your personal information to third parties if we believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with law, regulation, legal process or government request; enforce the terms of any of our policies; or protect the rights, property or safety of Equal Exchange, our associates, or our customers. This may include assistance in fraud protection and investigation.
In accordance with CCPA you may also request we not sell or provide your information to third parties through our do not sell my information form. Please note that as a general policy, Equal Exchange does not sell information to third-parties and only shares information for business purposes or as outlined in this privacy policy.
SecurityEqual Exchange takes reasonable steps to maintain appropriate physical, technical and administrative security to help prevent loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of personal information.
While we take these reasonable efforts to safeguard your personal information, including the use of encryption, no system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Links to other websitesOur Site may contain links to other websites, which are not under our control. We provide these links as a customer convenience and to allow advertisers to promote their own sites or products. We do not endorse those sites and companies or their products or services. Also, when you link to our Site from another site, the originating site may collect information about you. We do not review, control or monitor the practices, information or materials on any other websites, and are not responsible or liable for the communications, practices, information, content or materials from any of those sites. You are responsible for understanding and adhering to other websites’ terms and conditions.
Controlling your personal informationYou may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by emailing us at communityorders@equalexchange.coop or calling us at 774-776-7366.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, you may update this information under the My Account settings on this Site. Otherwise, you may contact us by email or phone. We will promptly update any information found to be incorrect.
By filling out our do not sell my information request form.
By managing your preferences on our cookie policy page.
Privacy Policy ChangesWe reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time for any reason and without notice. We will post changes to this Policy on each Site, and we encourage all visitors and users of an Equal Exchange Site to check this policy from time to time.
Close