https://www.us.jll.com/en/privacy-statement
Privacy statement
Who we are
Jones Lang LaSalle (JLL), together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, is a leading global provider of real estate and investment management services. You can find out more about us at https://www.us.jll.com/en/about-jll.
Our commitment to privacy
We take our responsibility to protect the personal information provided to us seriously. This statement explains how we do that. It sets out what we do with the personal information we hold, how we protect it, and it explains your privacy rights (if applicable). Our approach to the management and usage of personal information is outlined in our Privacy Commitment at https://www.us.jll.com/content/dam/jll-com/documents/pdf/other/jll-global-privacy-commitment.pdf.
If we change this Privacy Statement
JLL might update this Privacy Statement from time to time. When we have to do this the revised statement will be posted on this page, and where appropriate, by notification on our homepage. You should check this page from time to time to review any changes we have made.
The personal information we collect
When we collect personal information, we are open about how we will use it.
Categories of Personal Data
Commercial Information: Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained or considered, real estate interests & preferences.
Contact details: Name, address, email, telephone number.
Financial Information: Including bank account number, credit or debit card number, payment amounts, financial means or other financial information.
Identification data: Date of birth, proof of residency, government issued ID, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Location Data: Your phones GPS location.
Network Activity Data: Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as browsing history, search history, cookie data, referring/exiting URL, clickstream data, time spent on webpage or advertisement, and other information regarding an individual’s interaction with an internet website, application, email or advertisement.
Professional Information: An individual’s professional information, for example director positions.
Tenant data: Consumption data or family members.
Visual and voice recordings: Audio, electronic, visual, such as customer service call recordings, voice commands, photographs, recordings from CCTV cameras.
Written Signature: An individual’s written signature, such as a signature on a contract or lease document.
Our legal basis for processing your information
We rely upon a number of different legal bases for processing personal information and special category (sensitive) personal information – these include processing personal information where it is in our legitimate interests to do so, where this is necessary for the fulfilment of a contract, where the processing is necessary to carry out our obligations under employment law or where you have given us your consent. Where we rely on our legitimate interests, this means that we use personal information to run our business and to provide the services we have been asked to provide. We collect information that has been provided voluntarily by you or on your behalf. If you do not provide us with information we need, we may be unable to offer certain products and services.
The purposes for which we use your information
We use your personal information in compliance with all the relevant laws and may use it in one or more of the following ways:
We may use the personal information of tenants or other natural persons you have supplied us with to carry out work such as lease management on your behalf.
We may use your personal information for the establishment, execution or termination of a contract with you.
We may use the contact information you supply to respond to your requests.
We may use identification verification documents to meet with regulatory and legal requirements to verify who you are as a condition of providing JLL services and products.
We may use personal financial information to assess your eligibility for JLL products and services.
Personal information may be used to inform you of services that may be of interest to you from JLL. We may assess your interest in our services by logging if you open the links in our marketing emails.
Personal information is used to make your online experience as smooth as possible – for example by setting cookies and tailoring what you see on the website and to improve the quality, relevance and experience of our Website for our visitors.  Visit www.jll.com/cookies for more information.
Personal information may be used to safeguard the security of our premises and those we maintain for third parties – for example through the use of CCTV.
We may process your personal information for the purposes of internal administration, accounting and controlling.
We may use your location data and voice recordings to enable you to use our mobile apps.
Whom we share personal information with
We may share your personal information with:
JLL employees who require it to perform their jobs.
Other entities of the JLL group help us deliver our services.
Organizations that support the products or services we provide to you.
Clients that may want to enter into a relationship with you.
Anyone you give us permission to share it with.
Official bodies to detect and prevent criminal activity e.g. money laundering, theft, fraud, terrorism, cybercrime.
We will never sell your personal information and we take steps to keep your details safe and secure.
Where we keep and process your information
We might transfer and store the information we collect from you outside the country of origin. It may be processed by staff or our suppliers outside the country of origin. When we do this, we aim to make sure the information is secure and properly protected. We do this by means of adequacy decisions or appropriate safeguards (i.e. Privacy Shield/Standard Contractual Clauses).
Keeping your information safe
We commit to maintaining the deployment of appropriate security to protect personal information wherever it is located, and whether it is in electronic or manual form. To do this we may use a variety of mechanisms depending on where the information is stored and the relationship between JLL and any recipient organizations.
How long we keep your information
We endeavor to keep your information only for as long as we need it for legitimate business or legal reasons. We will then delete it safely and securely.
Your Rights
Where applicable you may have the following rights over your personal information:
Request a copy of the information we hold (Right of Access)
You can ask for the personal information we hold about you. To do so please contact us by email at privacy-am@am.jll.com. In most cases there is no charge for us providing this information to you. You can also ask for information that you have provided to us in an electronic format.
Right to data portability
In some circumstances, you may request that JLL transmits your personal information directly to another organization if the processing is based on your consent or a contract.
Right of Erasure (Right to be forgotten)
If for any reason you do not want us to hold or use your personal information please contact us by email at mydata@am.jll.com. We may need to keep some of your personal information for legal and business reasons, for example to comply with a regulatory requirement.
For marketing purposes, we will add your name to a suppression list so that you are not contacted in the future should you be identified as a prospective client.
GDPR only
This right is only applicable when Consent has been used as a processing condition but otherwise only where it is no longer necessary, irrelevant, excessive, out of date, unlawfully processed or the Company has a legal obligation to erase.
Have your information corrected (right to rectification)
If you think the personal information we hold is wrong contact your JLL contact or our Marketing department at privacy-am@am.jll.com and we will check and correct it if necessary. We are committed to holding personal information that is accurate, relevant and current.
Restrict the processing of your personal data
In certain circumstances, for instance, if you contest accuracy of your personal information you may request that we restrict processing of your personal information for the time enabling us to verify the accuracy of your personal information.
Object to processing of your personal data
In certain circumstances. For instance, you may object to direct marketing including use of your personal data for profiling for direct marketing or where we process your personal data because we have legitimate interest in doing so.
These rights may be limited in some situations such as where JLL can demonstrate that JLL has a legal requirement or legitimate interest to process your personal data.
Stopping us contacting you
If you have provided us with consent to supply you with marketing and information, you can withdraw your consent at any time by email to unsubscribe@jll.com.
California Residents only
If you are a California resident as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) please view our Supplemental Privacy Statement which describes your rights and disclosures about your personal information. If you are viewing this on a mobile device you may want to view the CCPA version on a larger device https://www.us.jll.com/content/dam/jll-com/documents/pdf/other/california-addendum.pdf
How to complain
If you need to make a complaint about our handling of your personal information, please contact us directly at privacy-am@am.jll.com. If you are unhappy with how we deal with your complaint, you can contact your Data Protection Authority or the equivalent in your state or country if applicable.
How else to contact us
If you have any other questions about your personal information please contact us by email at privacy-am@am.jll.com.
For all enquiries not relating to your Personal Information please contact us.