http://www.mnvalleyfcu.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
5,500 Shared Service Branches
30,000+ MoneyPass ATM’s
Search form
What are you looking for?
Tell us what you want.
We listen. Then deliver.
507-387-3055 | info@mnvalleyfcu.coop
Call Minnesota Valley Federal Credit Union
Email Minnesota Valley Federal Credit Union
Menu
Home
SavingsSavings Rates
Savings
Youth Savings
Share Certificates
Retirement Accounts
Insurance
CheckingPersonal Checking
Business Checking
Overdraft Protection
ATM Services
Services Fees
Plastic Cards
LoansLoan Rates
Auto Loans
Home Mortgage
Home Equity
About Credit
Personal Loans
Business Loans
Credit Cards
Choice Rewards Credit Card
Student Loans
Apply Today
Online ServicesOnline Banking
Mobile Banking
Online Bill Pay
Voice Banking
Foreign Currency
Online Credit Card
Rate MVFCU
About UsAbout Us
Join
Newsletter
Financial Highlights
Contact Us
Shared Service Branching
Yes. You. Can.
Online ResourcesMembership App
Web Links
Account Disclosures
Privacy Policy
Survey
COVID-19 Updates
Calculators
Financial Resource Center
Student Scholarships
Wire Transfers
Employment Opportunities
Yes You Can
Search
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Minnesota Valley Federal Credit Union is committed to making available financial products and services that will enable you to meet your financial needs and reach your financial goals.  Protecting personal information and using it in a manner consistent with your expectations is a high priority for everyone associated with our credit union.
As a member of Minnesota Valley, you also have a responsibility to safeguard your financial information.
CLIICK HERE to view our privacy policy.
CLICK HERE to view our Mobile Banking Disclosure.
Our Online Privacy Pledge
Minnesota Valley Federal Credit Union is committed to protecting the privacy of our members. In general, you can visit us on the World Wide Web without disclosing to us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. If you contact us to inquire about any of our services by using our e-mail service, we will collect information about you which is necessary to process your service request. We want you to know how we will handle that information.
If you visit our web site, Minnesota Valley Federal Credit Union will collect and store information on the domain you use to access our web site, the Internet address from which you linked directly to our site, and the date and time of your visit. This information is used to measure the number of visitors to the various pages on our site to better serve our membership.
If you e-mail us via our e-mail address, we will use the information you provide willingly in your e-mail to process your service request.
It is our policy to treat any information collected about you through your use of this site as strictly confidential. Our staff will have access to the information provided by you, but we will not share any information provided by any of our members with any third party.
If you use email to contact us, please note that the message you send us may not be  secure. Never include social security numbers, credit card numbers, or PINs in your message to us.
If you link to another site from any of our pages, you are leaving our site pages and Minnesota Valley Federal Credit Union can not be held responsible for any information that may be gathered at a linked site. If you have questions about this policy, please contact our Member Service Department at (507) 387-3055 or 1-800-247-0522 (MN WATS).
Disclaimer
This web site is provided by Minnesota Valley Federal Credit Union to furnish our members with information about credit union programs and services. All information presented is believed to be accurate, however, accuracy cannot be guaranteed. This web site is not intended to render accounting, tax, legal, or other professional advice or services.
It Pays to Bank Where You’re Part Owner®
Contact Us
Locations/Hours
Online Credit Card
Online Banking
©2020 All rights reserved. Privacy Policy
Happily located and serving Greater Mankato since 1934! Thank you!
1640 Adams St. & 100 Memorial View Ct.Mankato, MN 56001(507) 387-3055 or (800) 247-0522
NMLS ID# 504851
Routing Number 291981255
Download Our Mobile App
DEPOSITS FEDERALLY INSURED UP TO $250,000
(IRAs AN ADDITIONAL $250,000)CLICK HERE for more information on deposit insurance