https://www.nordichottubs.com/privacy-policy
Download Brochure
|
Dealer Login
|
Become A Dealer
|
Request A Quote
|
616-940-4036
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Privacy Policy
ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY AGREEMENT
Nordic Products, Inc., (Nordic), is committed to keeping any and all personal information collected of those individuals that visit our website and make use of our online facilities and services accurate, confidential, secure and private. Our privacy policy has been designed and created to ensure those affiliated with Nordic Products, Inc. of our commitment and realization of our obligation not only to meet but to exceed most existing privacy standards.
THEREFORE, this Privacy Policy Agreement shall apply to Nordic Products, Inc., and thus it shall govern any and all data collection and usage thereof. Through the use of nordichottubs.com you are herein consenting to the following data procedures expressed within this agreement.
It is highly recommended and suggested that you review the privacy policies and statements of any website you choose to use or frequent as a means to better understand the way in which other websites garner, make use of and share information collected.
Collection of Information
This website collects various types of information, such as:
– Information automatically collected when visiting our website, which may include cookies, third party tracking technologies and server logs.
Nordic Products, Inc.may have the occasion to collect non-personal anonymous demographic information, such as age, gender, household income, political affiliation, race and religion, as well as the type of browser you are using, IP address, type of operating system, at a later time, that will assist us in providing and maintaining superior quality service.
Use of Information Collected
Nordic Products, Inc.may collect and may make use of personal information to assist in the operation of our website and to ensure delivery of the services you need and request. At times, we may find it necessary to use personally identifiable information as a means to keep you informed of other possible products and/or services that may be available to you from nordichottubs.com. Nordic Products, Inc. may also be in contact with you with regards to completing surveys and/or research questionnaires related to your opinion of current or potential future services that may be offered.
Nordic Products, Inc.does not now, nor will it in the future, sell, rent or lease any of its customer lists and/or names to any third parties.
Nordic Products, Inc. may deem it necessary to follow websites and/or pages that their users may frequent in an effort to gleam what types of services and/or products may be the most popular to customers or the general public.
Nordic Products, Inc.may disclose your personal information, without any prior notice to you, unless required to do in accordance to applicable laws and/or in a good faith belief that such action is deemed necessary or required in an effort to: Remain in conformance with any decrees, laws and/or statutes or in an effort to comply with any process which may be served upon Nordic Products, Inc.and/or its website;
Maintain, safeguard and/or preserve all the rights and/or property of Nordic Products, Inc.; and Perform under demanding conditions in an effort to safeguard the personal safety of users of nordichottubs.comand/or the general public.
Non-Marketing Purposes
Nordic Products, Inc.greatly respects your privacy. We do maintain and reserve the right to contact you if needed for non-marketing purposes (such as bug alerts, security breaches, account issues, and/or changes in Nordic Products, Inc. products and services). In certain circumstances, we may use our website, newspapers, or other public means to post a notice.
Children Under Age of 13
Nordic Products, Inc.does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (13) without verifiable parental consent. If it is determined that such information has been inadvertently collected on anyone under the age of thirteen (13), we shall immediately take the necessary steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our system’s database. Anyone under the age of thirteen (13) must seek and obtain parent or guardian permission to use this website.
Unsubscribe or Opt-Out
All users and/or visitors to our website have the option to discontinue receiving communication from us and/or reserve the right to discontinue receiving communications by way of email or newsletters. To discontinue or unsubscribe to our website please send an email that you wish to unsubscribe tounsubscribe@nordichottubs.com. If you wish to unsubscribe or opt-out from any third party websites, you must go to that specific website to unsubscribe and/or opt-out. Nordic Products, Inc.will continue to adhere to the privacy policy described herein with respect to any personal information previously collected.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our website does contain links to affiliate and other websites. Nordic Products, Inc.does not claim nor accept responsibility for any privacy policies, practices and/or procedures of other such websites. Therefore, we encourage all users and visitors to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. The aforementioned Privacy Policy Agreement applies only and solely to the information collected by our website.
Security
Nordic Products, Inc. shall endeavor and shall take every precaution to maintain adequate physical, procedural and technical security with respect to its offices and information storage facilities so as to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of the user’s personal information under our control.
The company also uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) for authentication and private communications in an effort to build users’ trust and confidence in the internet and website use by providing simple and secure access and communication of credit card and personal information.
Changes to Privacy Policy Agreement
Nordic Products, Inc.reserves the right to update and/or change the terms of our privacy policy, and as such we will post those changes to our website, so that our users and/or visitors are always aware of the type of information we collect, how it will be used, and under what circumstances, if any, we may disclose such information. If at any point in time Nordic Products, Inc. decides to make use of any personally identifiable information on file, in a manner vastly different from that which was stated when this information was initially collected, the user or users shall be promptly notified by email. Users at that time shall have the option as to whether or not to permit the use of their information in this separate manner.
Acceptance of Terms
Through the use of this website, you are hereby accepting the terms and conditions stipulated within the aforementioned Privacy Policy Agreement. If you are not in agreement with our terms and conditions, then you should refrain from further use of our sites. In addition, your continued use of our website following the posting of any updates or changes to our terms and conditions shall mean that you are in agreement and acceptance of such changes.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the Privacy Policy Agreement related to our website, please feel free to contact us at the following email, telephone number or mailing address.
Email: contactus@nordichottubs.com
Telephone Number: 616-940-4036
Mailing Address:
Nordic Products, Inc.
4655 Patterson Ave SE
Grand Rapids, Michigan49512
June 18, 2019
LET’S GET YOUR NORDIC LIFESTYLE STARTED!
REQUEST A QUOTE
4655 Patterson Avenue SE
Grand Rapids, MI 49512
Phone: 616-940-4036
HOT TUBS
Luxury
Sport
Modern
Classic
All-In-110V
View All
COMPANY
About Nordic
Blog
Register Your Hot Tub
Warranty Information
Download Brochure
Contact Us
DEALER CENTER
Dealer Login
Become a Dealer
© 2020 Nordic Products, Inc.  |  Privacy Policy  |  Accessibility  |  Website by RCP
Why Nordic
Hot Tubs
LUXURY
Rendezvous LS
Encore LS
Jubilee LS
Escape LS
SPORT
Encore SE
Jubilee SE
Escape SE
Retreat SE
Stella SE
D’Amour SE
MODERN
Encore MS
Jubilee MS
Escape MS
Retreat MS
Stella MS
D’Amour MS
Bella MS
CLASSIC
Crown XL
Warrior XL
Crown
Crown II
Impulse DP
Impulse
ALL-IN 110V
Retreat All-In-110V
Stella All-In-110V
D’Amour All-In-110V
Warrior XL All-In-110V
Crown All-In-110V
Sport All-In-110V
Help & Resources
Register Your Hot Tub
Warranty Information
Service Question
Resources & How-To’s
Blog
Request A Quote
Contact Us
Nordic Apparel & Gear
Find A Dealer
Download Brochure
|
Dealer Login
|
Become A Dealer
|
Request A Quote
|
616-940-4036
Dealer Login
Become A Dealer
Careers
Download A Brochure
Contact Us
(616) 940-4036
This website uses cookies to improve your browsing experience. View Privacy Policy. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.