http://www.mustangsurvival.com/pages/terms-of-use
Skip to content
Search
Shop
Flotation
Inflatable PFDs
Flotation Clothing
Foam PFDs
Kids' PFDs
Re-arm Kits
View all Flotation
Apparel
Dry Suits
Outerwear
Mid & Base Layers
Gloves
Hats & Tees
View all Apparel
Dry Bags
Accessories
Shop by Activity
Fishing
Sailing
Paddlesports
Boating
Clearance
Explore
Our Story
The Crew
Capn's Log
Materials & Technology
Resources
Careers
Gov & Commercial
Inflatable PFDs
Foam PFDs / Clothing
Immersion & Dry Suits
Accessories
View all Gov & Commercial
Account
Find a Location
Canada
USA
Terms Of Use
The Mustang Survival website located at www.mustangsurvival.com (the "Website") is owned and operated by Mustang Survival ULC ("Mustang Survival", "we", "us" or "our"), with an address at 7525 Lowland Drive, Burnaby, British Columbia, V5J 5L1.
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS OF USE
Your access to and use of this Website is subject to these terms and conditions of use ("Terms of Use"), as well as all applicable laws and regulations in Canada. Please read these Terms of Use carefully. BY ACCESSING AND USING THIS WEBSITE, YOU AGREE TO ABIDE BY THESE TERMS OF USE. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF USE, YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO ACCESS OR USE THIS WEBSITE OR ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THIS WEBSITE.Mustang Survival reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to amend these Terms of Use at any time. You are encouraged to review the Website and these Terms of Use periodically for updates and changes. It is your responsibility to check these Terms of Use periodically for any updates or changes. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of changes will mean that you accept and agree to the changes.This Website provides users with access to information and materials specific to products and services offered by Mustang Survival, and may provide users with the ability to purchase certain products and services.This Website is intended only for users who have reached the age of majority in their province or territory of residence. Users shall comply with all applicable local, provincial, and federal laws in purchasing, possessing or using the Products. If you have any questions about these Terms of Use, please contact us through the contact us link below.
PRIVACY
Personal information collected from or about users of the Website is collected, used and disclosed in accordance with our Privacy Policy. By agreeing to these Terms of Use you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with the Privacy Policy.
ACCOUNTS, PASSWORDS, AND SECURITY
Portions of the Website may be available only by secure login and may require you to create an account and a password. If you elect to do so, you must complete the registration process by providing us with current, complete and accurate information as prompted by the applicable registration form, and choose a password and user name. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account and for any and all activities that occur under your account. You agree to: (a) immediately notify Mustang Survival of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security of which you become aware, and (b) exit completely from your account at the end of each online session. Mustang Survival will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your password or account, either with or without your knowledge. However, you could be held liable for losses incurred by Mustang Survival or another party due to someone else using your account or password. You may not use anyone else's account at any time, without the permission of the account holder.
REVIEWS AND COMMENTS
We welcome your comments regarding this Website. However, any comments, feedback, notes, messages, ideas, suggestions or other communications (collectively, "Comments") sent through the Website shall be and remain the exclusive property of Mustang Survival. Your submission of any such Comments shall constitute an assignment to Mustang Survival of all worldwide right, title and interest in and to all copyright and other intellectual property rights in the Comments. Mustang Survival will be entitled to use, reproduce, disclose, publish and distribute forever in all formats known and unknown any material you submit for any purpose whatsoever, without restriction and without compensating you in any way. You may not use a false email address or otherwise attempt to falsely assume the identity of any person or entity, or to mislead as to the origin of any Comments. Mustang Survival reserves the right, without assuming any obligation, to remove or edit any Comments.
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION
When you visit this Website or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this Website. You further agree that any notices provided by us electronically are deemed to be given and received on the date such notice is posted on this Website or delivered to your e-mail address.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
The Website may contain hyperlinks to other sites owned and operated by parties other than Mustang Survival. Such hyperlinks are provided only for ready reference and ease of use. We do not control such websites and cannot be held responsible for their content or accuracy and do not endorse these sites unless we specifically so state. You acknowledge and agree that Mustang Survival is not responsible for and is not liable for the content, products, services or other materials on or available from third party websites. We accept no liability for any information, products, advertisements, content, services or software accessible through these third party websites or for any action you may take as a result of linking to any such website. Any such websites are likely to set forth specific terms of use and privacy policies that you should review. Mustang Survival is under no obligation to maintain any link on the Website and may remove a link at any time in its sole discretion for any reason whatsoever. Mustang Survival shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damages or losses caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on the content, products, services or other materials available on or through any third party website. Mustang Survival is not responsible for the privacy practices of third party websites.
RESTRICTIONS ON USE, COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK NOTICE
The Website contains text, pictures, graphics, logos, button items, images, works of authorship, and other content (collectively, "Content"). All of the Content you see and hear on the Website, including, for example, all of the page headers, images, illustrations, graphics, video clips and text, are subject to trademark, copyright and/or other intellectual property rights or licenses held by Mustang Survival or third parties who have licensed their materials to Mustang Survival.
NO OWNERSHIP OR EDITORIAL CONTROL OF THIRD PARTY CONTENT; NO STATEMENT AS TO ACCURACY
Mustang Survival has no editorial control or responsibility over Content provided by third party suppliers. Any opinions, statements, products, services or other information expressed or made available by third party suppliers on this Website are those of such third party suppliers. Mustang Survival makes no representations in respect of, and does not endorse, the accuracy or reliability of any opinion, statement or other information provided by any third party supplier.
COPYRIGHT
Except as otherwise expressly stated, all Content appearing on this Website is the copyrighted work of Mustang Survival or its third party suppliers and is protected by Canadian and international copyright laws. The compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement and assembly) of all Content is the exclusive property of Mustang Survival and is protected by Canadian and international copyright laws. You may download information from this Website and print out a hard copy for your personal use provided that you keep intact and do not remove or alter any copyright or other notice (e.g., trademark, patent, etc.) contained in the information. Except as otherwise expressly stated herein, you may not alter, modify, copy, distribute (for compensation or otherwise), transmit, display, perform, reproduce, reuse, post, publish, license, frame, download, store for subsequent use, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information or Content obtained from this Website, in whole or in part, including any text, images, audio, and video in any manner, without the prior written authorization of Mustang Survival or any applicable third party suppliers. The use of Content, including images, by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by Mustang Survival. Any unauthorized use of text or images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and applicable regulations and statutes. Mustang Survival does not warrant or represent that your use of Content, products or services or any other materials displayed on this Website will not infringe upon the rights of third parties.
DIGITAL MILLENNIUM COPYRIGHT ACT ("DMCA") INFORMATION
Mustang Survival respects the intellectual property of others, and we require our users to do the same while using our Website. Mustang Survival reserves the right to determine what constitutes inappropriate behavior and to ban offenders at its sole discretion and/or take other action against users who infringe the copyright rights of others. If you believe that your work has been copied and is accessible on the Website in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, you may notify us by providing the following information (as required by the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. sec. 512):
A physical or electronic signature of person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright holder of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or if multiple copyrighted works at a single online website are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that website;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by Mustang Survival, its agent, or the law; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the service provider of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a notice or counter-notice. Also, be aware that there can be penalties for false claims. Please send Copyright infringement claim notices to:Mustang Survival Canada7525 Lowland DriveBurnaby, BC V5J 5L1Attn: Legal Department
TRADEMARKS
The trademarks in this Website are the trademarks or registered trademarks of Mustang Survival, or their other respective owners. The domain name for this Website, all page headers, custom graphics, and button icons are service marks, trademarks, logos, and/or trade dress of Mustang Survival or its affiliates. All other trademarks, service marks, trade dress, product names, company names or logos, whether registered or not, on the Website are the property of their respective owners.
LIMITED LICENSE AND WEBSITE ACCESS; ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
Other than as expressly provided herein, this Website or any portion of this Website may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of Mustang Survival. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Mustang Survival without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing Mustang Survival's name or trademarks without the express written consent of Mustang Survival. You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of the Website so long as the link does not portray Mustang Survival, or its products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this Website or the Content; any collection and use of any listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this Website or the Content; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. You may not use any Mustang Survival logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission of Mustang Survival. Mustang Survival reserves all rights not expressly granted. Any unauthorized use terminates the permissions or license granted by Mustang Survival under this Terms of Use.
PROHIBITED USE
Any use or attempted use of this Website (i) for any unlawful, unauthorized, fraudulent or malicious purpose, (ii) that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any server, or the network(s) connected to any server, (ii) that could interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the Website, or (iv) to gain unauthorized access to any other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to any server or systems through hacking, password mining or any other means, or (v) to access systems, data or information not intended by Mustang Survival to be made accessible to a user, or (vi) to attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available by Mustang Survival, or (vii) for any purpose for which the Website was not intended, is prohibited. In addition, in connection with your use of the Website, you agree you will not:
Upload or transmit any message, Comment, information, data, text, software or images, or other content ("Material") that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, or otherwise objectionable, or that may invade another's right of privacy or publicity;
Create a false identity for the purpose of misleading others or impersonate any person or entity, including, without limitation, any Mustang Survival representative, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
Upload or transmit any Material that you do not have a right to reproduce, display or transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as nondisclosure agreements);
Upload files that contain viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancel-bots, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer or property of another;
Delete any author attributions, legal notices or proprietary designations or labels in any Materials that you upload to any communication feature;
Use the Website's communication features in a manner that adversely affects the availability of its resources to other users (e.g., excessive shouting, use of all caps, or flooding continuous posting of repetitive text);
Upload or transmit any unsolicited advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes" or any other form of solicitation, commercial or otherwise;
Violate any applicable local, provincial, state, national or international law;
Upload or transmit any Material that infringes any patent, trademark, service mark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party;
Delete or revise any material posted by any other person or entity;
Manipulate or otherwise display the Website by using framing, mirroring or similar navigational technology or directly link to any portion of the Website other than the main homepage in accordance with the limited license and website access authorization outlined above;
Probe, scan, test the vulnerability of or breach the authentication measures of, this Website or any related networks or systems;
Register, subscribe, attempt to register, attempt to subscribe, unsubscribe, or attempt to unsubscribe, any person to or from Mustang Survival communications if you are not expressly authorized by such party to do so;
Harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses; or
Use any robot, spider, scraper, or other automated or manual means to access this Website, or copy any content or information on this Website.
Mustang Survival reserves the right to take whatever lawful actions it may deem appropriate in response to actual or suspected violations of the foregoing, including, without limitation, the suspension or termination of the user's access to the Website and/or account. Mustang Survival may cooperate with legal authorities and/or third parties in the investigation of any suspected or alleged crime or civil wrongdoing. Except as may be expressly limited by the Privacy Policy, Mustang Survival reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as Mustang Survival deems necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or Materials, in whole or in part, in Mustang Survival's sole discretion.
RIGHT TO MONITOR
Mustang Survival reserves the right to monitor the use of the Website and any communications to and from the Website as it deems appropriate and to remove any Materials that, in Mustang Survival's sole discretion, may be illegal, may subject Mustang Survival to liability, may violate these Terms of Use, or are, in the sole discretion of Mustang Survival, inconsistent with Mustang Survival's purpose for this Website.
PURCHASES; OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Additional terms and conditions may apply to purchases of goods or services and to specific portions or features of the Website, including contests, promotions or other similar features, all of which terms are made a part of these Terms of Use by this reference. You agree to abide by such other terms and conditions. If there is a conflict between these Terms of Use and the terms posted for or applicable to a specific portion of the Website or for any service offered on or through the Website, the latter terms shall control with respect to your use of that portion of the Website or the specific service.Mustang Survival may make changes to any products or services offered on the Website, or to the applicable prices for any such products or services, at any time, without notice.
PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS
Mustang Survival attempts to ensure that all product descriptions are as accurate as possible. However, Mustang Survival does not warrant that product descriptions or other content on this Website is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a product offered by Mustang Survival itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition in accordance with the terms of any applicable return policy.
ERRORS AND INACCURACIES
The information on this Website may contain errors or inaccuracies and may not be complete or current. We reserve the right to correct errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice. Please note that such errors, inaccuracies or omissions may relate to product description, pricing and availability. In the event that an item is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to an error in pricing or product information, Mustang Survival shall have the right, at our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any orders placed for that item. In the event that an item is mispriced, Mustang Survival may, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation.
RETURNS AND REFUNDS
Mustang Survival truly appreciates your purchase of our products. We understand that there may be circumstance where you want to return a product. If you would like to return a product, simply contact our customer care department (1-800-347-1200 or via online form) within 30 days of the ship date of your order. All returns are subject to the following conditions:
Provide your original receipt and order number, which is printed on both the packing slip and invoice. Once accepted, we will issue a return authorization (RA) number and return shipping address. The assigned RA number should be visible on the outside of the package or the package may be rejected and returned at your expense.
Returns will be accepted only if product is in original packaging, new condition and undamaged, as determined solely in the discretion of Mustang Survival.
Products sold as clearance are not eligible for return.
Mustang Survival reserves the right to charge a restocking fee of up to 20% for returns of greater than 5 duplicate products.
Mustang Survival is not responsible for return shipping. You should retain tracking number, confirmation, and shipping paperwork for the return shipment.
If a product is returned within this time frame and conditions, Mustang Survival will exchange it or offer a refund based upon the original payment method. For check transactions over $250, Mustang Survival will mail a refund check to you within ten (10) business days.
VOID WHERE PROHIBITED
This Website may be administered and operated from various locations within or outside of Canada. Although the Website is accessible worldwide, not all features, products or services discussed, referenced, provided or offered through or on the Website are available to all persons or in all geographic locations, or appropriate or available for use outside of Canada. Mustang Survival reserves the right to limit, in its sole discretion, the provision and quantity of any feature, product or service to any person or geographic area. Any offer for any feature, product or service made on the Website is void where prohibited. If you choose to access the Website from outside of Canada, this is on your own initiative and you are solely responsible for complying with applicable local laws.
MISCELLANEOUS
You may not use or export or re-export any Content or any copy or adaptation of such Content, or any product or service offered on the Website, in violation of any applicable laws or regulations, including without limitation export laws and regulations.
VIOLATION OF TERMS OF USE
Mustang Survival may disclose any information we have about you (including your identity) if we determine that such disclosure is necessary in connection with any investigation or complaint regarding your use of the Website, or to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Mustang Survival's rights or property, or the rights or property of visitors to or users of the Website, including Mustang Survival's customers. Mustang Survival reserves the right at all times to disclose any information that Mustang Survival deems necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request. Mustang Survival also may disclose your information when Mustang Survival determines that applicable law requires or permits such disclosure, including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection purposes.You acknowledge and agree that Mustang Survival may preserve any transmittal or communication by you with Mustang Survival through the Website or any service offered on or through the Website, and may also disclose such data if required to do so by law or Mustang Survival determines that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) comply with legal process, (2) enforce these Terms of Use, (3) respond to claims that any such data violates the rights of others, or (4) protect the rights, property or personal safety of Mustang Survival, its employees, users of or visitors to the Website, and the public.You agree that Mustang Survival may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, terminate your access to the Website and/or block your future access to the Website if we determine that you have violated these Terms of Use or other agreements or guidelines which may be associated with your use of the Website. You also agree that any violation by you of these Terms of Use will constitute an unlawful and unfair business practice, and will cause irreparable harm to Mustang Survival, for which monetary damages would be inadequate, and you consent to Mustang Survival obtaining any injunctive or equitable relief that Mustang Survival deems necessary or appropriate in such circumstances. These remedies are in addition to any other remedies Mustang Survival may have at law or in equity.You agree that Mustang Survival may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, terminate your access to the Website and/or block your future access to the Website if we determine that you have violated these Terms of Use or other agreements or guidelines which may be associated with your use of the Website. You also agree that any violation by you of these Terms of Use may cause irreparable harm to Mustang Survival for which monetary damages would be inadequate, and you consent to Mustang Survival obtaining any injunctive or equitable relief that Mustang Survival deems necessary or appropriate in such circumstances. These remedies are in addition to any other remedies Mustang Survival may have at law or in equity.
INDEMNITY
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Mustang Survival, its officers, directors, employees, agents, distributors, advertisers, sponsors, content partners and affiliates from and against any and all claims, actions, demands, liabilities, costs, or expenses, including reasonable legal fees, resulting from your breach of the Terms of Use.
EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES; DISCLAIMER
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF THE WEBSITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE WEBSITE AND WEBSITE CONTENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING AND TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, MUSTANG SURVIVAL AND ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, PARENTS, PARTNERS, SUCCESSORS, AGENTS, DISTRIBUTION PARTNERS, AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES, AND THEIR RELATED COMPANIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS: (1) THAT THE WEBSITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (2) CONCERNING THE AVAILABILITY, ACCURACY, SECURITY, USEFULNESS, TIMELINESS, OR INFORMATIONAL CONTENT OF THE WEBSITE OR WEBSITE CONTENT; (3) OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE; (4) FOR SERVICES OR GOODS RECEIVED THROUGH OR ADVERTISED ON OUR WEBSITE OR ACCESSED THROUGH THE WEBSITE; (5) CONCERNING THE ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE WEBSITE; (6) THAT YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE WILL BE SECURE OR UNINTERRUPTED; VIRUS-FREE OR ERROR-FREE AND (7) THAT ERRORS IN THE WEBSITE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED.Mustang Survival does not warrant or make any representations regarding availability, accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the materials, services, text, graphics, and or links associated with this Website. If your use of this Website or the materials, services, text, graphics, and or links associated with this Website results in the need for servicing or replacing equipment or data, Mustang Survival is not responsible for those costs. The material associated with this Website is provided solely for entertainment, informational and promotional purposes. The information and opinions expressed in News Feeds, Bulletin Boards, Chat Rooms, Blogs or other forums conducted on this website ("Forums") are not necessarily those of Mustang Survival or its content providers, advertisers or sponsors and Mustang Survival makes no representations or warranties regarding that information or those opinions.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, MUSTANG SURVIVAL OR ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, PARTNERS, SUCCESSORS, AGENTS, AFFILIATES, OR ANY RELATED COMPANIES WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE WEBSITE OR THESE TERMS OF USE, EVEN IF MUSTANG SURVIVAL HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITIES OF THOSE DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE WEBSITE, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OR CONTENT, THE COST OF OBTAINING SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY LOSS OF DATA, INFORMATION, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OBTAINED FROM PURCHASES OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH THE WEBSITE, OR STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY, OR ANY OTHER MATTER RELATED TO THE WEBSITE, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OR CONTENT. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE IS PREDICATED UPON YOUR WAIVER OF ANY RIGHT TO MUSTANG SURVIAL DIRECTLY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION SUIT FOR ANY LOSSES OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE.CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
APPLICABLE LAW; DISPUTES
To the extent permitted by law, you agree that these Terms of Use are governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada, without regard to its principles of conflicts of law, and the federal laws applicable in Ontario. Disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use shall be submitted to the courts of competent jurisdiction located in the City of Toronto, Ontario, and you irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of such court.
SEVERABILITY
If any of the provisions of these Terms of Use are held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be void or unenforceable, such provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary and replaced with a valid provision that best embodies the intent of these Terms of Use, so that these Terms of Use shall remain in full force and effect. These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and Mustang Survival with regard to your use of the Website, and any and all other written or oral agreements or understandings previously existing between you and Mustang Survival with respect to such use are hereby superseded and cancelled. Other than as provided in a purchase agreement you enter into with Mustang Survival, Mustang Survival will not accept any counter-offers to these Terms of Use, and all such offers are hereby categorically rejected. Mustang Survival's failure to insist on or enforce strict performance of these Terms of Use shall not be construed as a waiver by Mustang Survival of any provision or any right it has to enforce these Terms of Use, nor shall any course of conduct between Mustang Survival and you or any other party be deemed to modify any provision of these Terms of Use. These Terms of Use shall not be interpreted or construed to confer any rights or remedies on any third parties.
NOTICES
Any notices to you from Mustang Survival regarding the Website or these Terms of Use will be posted on this Website or made by e-mail or regular mail.
UPDATES TO THESE TERMS OF USE
These Terms of Use may be changed, modified, supplemented or updated by Mustang Survival from time to time without advance notice by posting here, and you will be bound by any such changed, modified, supplemented or updated Terms of Use if you continue to use this Website after such changes are posted. Unless otherwise indicated, any new Content, products or services added to this Website will also be subject to these Terms of Use effective upon the date of any such addition. You are encouraged to review the Website and these Terms of Use periodically for updates and changes. The current version of the applicable Terms of Use will always be listed in the "Last Updated" section of this Terms of Use.
FEEDBACK AND INFORMATION
Any feedback you provide at this Website shall be deemed to be non-confidential. Mustang Survival shall be free to use such information on an unrestricted basis. The information contained in this Website is subject to change without notice.
LAST UPDATED
These Terms of Use were last updated on May 24, 2018. Please check our Terms of Use periodically for changes.
join the crew
Welcome to Mustang Survival
You are about to enter our Canadian website, which allows shipping and delivery to addresses in Canada only.
You can shop our US website at mustangsurvival.com
You are about to enter our US website, which allows shipping and delivery to addresses in the US.
You can shop our Canadian website at mustangsurvival.ca
Shop Canada
Shop US
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh