http://www.cba.ca/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | Privacy Policy
Skip to content
Search
Section Category
All
News
Banking Basics+
focus sheet
The Banking Industry
Statistics
Financial Literacy+
Your Money Seniors
Your Money Students
Research and Advocacy+
Digital ID
Submissions
Remarks
Speeches
Fraud Prevention+
cybersecurity
Videos
About CBA
+
Member Banks
About+
CBA History
The CBA Today
CBA Leadership+
About the Chair
CBA Senior Management
Careers+
Exploring a Career at CBA
Career opportunity: Legal Counsel 1-year Contract
The CBA’s Culture Code
Working in Financial Services
Contact
Search
Français
About CBA
Privacy Policy
The CBA operates on the basis of a Privacy Policy and related procedures that guide its handling of the personal information it collects. This Policy and related procedures comply with the federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act.
Posted on: January 1, 2016
privacy
In the course of its work, the CBA may collect personal information such as the name and e-mail address of an individual when he or she contacts the CBA. The CBA operates on the basis of a Privacy Policy and related procedures that guide its handling of the personal information it collects. This Policy and related procedures comply with the federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act.
Use of this website
The use of this website is subject to the following provisions. If you do not agree with these provisions, please discontinue the use of this website.
Information on this website
Information which includes all facts, data and other information, collectively the "Information" in the pages on this Canadian Bankers Association (CBA) website is of a general nature, is intended only for informational purposes, is subject to change without notice and is not intended to be relied on by visitors as advice on any particular matter.
Accuracy of the information on this website
The Information is believed to be accurate, complete and current when posted, but the CBA cannot guarantee that it will remain accurate or complete or that it will be current at all times.
The CBA is not responsible for direct, indirect, special or consequential damages, regardless of the cause, arising out the use of this website.
Accuracy of information on linked websites
The CBA website contains links to other sites that may be of interest to our visitors. The CBA has no control over the accuracy, completeness or relevance of the information on these sites and does not endorse the sites or their products or services.
Copying information from this website
The information on the CBA website may be used or copied provided that it is used or copied accurately, not taken out of context, and that the source of the information is clearly identified. The information may be used for commercial purposes only by a Member of the CBA. The CBA is not responsible for the way in which the information may be used or copied.
Where applicable, information on this website is protected by the CBA's copyright interests. The CBA reserves the right to change, delete or add information at any time.
CBA Privacy Policy
The following provisions explain how the CBA handles personal information.
Accountability
The CBA is accountable for all personal information in its control. The CBA's Privacy Officer is Angelina Mason, General Counsel and Vice President, Legal, who is designated to be responsible for the handling of personal information within the CBA. The Privacy Officer can be reached by:
E-mail at amason@cba.ca
Telephone (416) 362-6093 Ext. 214
Fax (416) 362-7705
Mail P.O. Box 348, Commerce Court Postal Station, Toronto, Ontario, M5L 1G2
Any questions about the CBA's handling of personal information should be directed to the Privacy Officer. Please see below for more information about how questions about the CBA's handling of personal information should be dealt with.
How the CBA uses personal information
Identifying the Purpose of Personal Information. Before personal information is collected, the purpose for which it is to be used must be identified to the individual. The CBA will not use personal information for any other purpose.
Consent. The CBA does not collect personal information without an individual's consent, as provided by the federal Personal Information Protection and Electronics Documents Act (the "Act"). The CBA makes every reasonable effort to make sure that an individual understands how her or his personal information will be used.
An individual can withdraw a consent that has been given for the use of personal information. The CBA will explain what the consequences are of withdrawing consent. For example, withdrawing consent to use an individual's name and e-mail address may mean that the CBA cannot send the individual a reply to their question by email.
Limits for Collecting, Using, Disclosing and Keeping Personal Information. The CBA limits the amount and type of information collected to only the personal information that is required to accomplish the identified purpose. For example, if personal information is given to enable the CBA to send information by mail
and if the individual does not want the CBA to keep personal information for the purpose of sending additional information, the personal information will only be used for sending the information requested and will then be deleted or destroyed. The CBA does not use personal information for any other purpose without explaining to the individual the new use and obtaining a consent as provided under the Act.
The CBA does not sell, share or trade any personal information with others.
The CBA does not disclose individual personal information to others, except if required in the course of fulfilling the purpose for which it was collected. For example, if an individual has given the CBA personal information in respect of raising a question about a Member of the CBA, it may be necessary, with the consent of the individual, to provide such information to the Member in order to consider the question raised.
Keeping Personal Information Accurate. The CBA keeps personal information as accurate, complete, current and relevant as necessary for the identified purposes.
An individual may challenge the accuracy and completeness of the personal information handled by the CBA and have such information amended. For this purpose, please contact the CBA Privacy Officer.
Safeguarding Personal Information. The CBA ensures that personal information is stored in electronic and physical files that are secure. Security measures include secure locks on filing cabinets and restricted access to computers.
Google Analytics. The CBA uses Google Analytics for user level tracking. As a user of the website, you are subject to Google Analytics privacy policy, which sets out how Google Analytics collects and processes your information. It is located at: www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
Cookies. “Cookies” are attached to the website. A "cookie" is a piece of data that is stored on the hard drive of a computer that contains information about individuals. The CBA uses cookies to track a user’s language selection and session information, such as how long a user stays on a page of the website.
Making information available about Privacy Policy and Procedures. The CBA is open about its Privacy Policy and related procedures for handling personal information. The CBA provides access to easy-to-understand information about the Privacy Policy and related procedures to individuals on the CBA website and in written form. Any questions about the handling of personal information by the CBA can be raised with the CBA's Privacy Officer.
Access to personal information. At the written request of an individual, the CBA will tell him or her what personal information the CBA has about the individual, what it is being used for and to whom it has been disclosed. In circumstances provided by the Act, the CBA may not be able to give an individual access to the personal information about her or him held by the CBA, in which case the CBA will explain the reason for this lack of access and, as provided by the Act, and the CBA will report its inability to provide access to the Privacy Commissioner of Canada.
Questions. Any questions about the CBA's handling of personal information should be directed to the CBA's Privacy Officer. Please see above for the ways to contact the CBA's Privacy Officer. If not satisfied with the way the CBA has responded to a question, the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada may be contacted by:
Telephone (819) 994-5444; toll-free 1-800-282-1376
Mail 30 Victoria Street, Gatineau, Quebec K1A 1H3.
Scope of the CBA Privacy Policy
This Policy deals only with personal information handled by the CBA. Also, the CBA is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of other websites.
Notice of change to the CBA Privacy Policy
The CBA reserves the right to change this Policy and will give notice of these changes on the CBA website.
Related articles
Uniquely Human: The future of Banking
Five guiding principles will drive the creation of the banking sector’s future workforce, ensuring banks have the right mix of human and digital capital to navigate the modern economy.
More Videos
Access to low interest credit could provide much needed COVID-19 financial support: CBA
How Canadians Bank
Protect Your Privacy and the Privacy of Others
Stay connected!
Choose a newsletter
Consumer Fraud Prevention Tips
Your Money Seniors – for Seniors’ Organizations
Your Money Students – for high school teachers
CBA Briefings
Search
Privacy Policy
Website Accessibility
(c) 2020 Canadian Bankers Association. All Rights Reserved
(c) 2020 Canadian Bankers Association. All Rights Reserved