https://www.digitalmesh.com/terms.php
Home (current)
Offshore Software Development
Showcase
Technologies
Services
About Us
Careers
Contact
Terms of Use
Home
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Terms of use
Terms of Use
The following terms and conditions will be deemed to have been accepted by the User on usage of the website www.digitalmesh.co.in. You are requested to read them carefully before you use the services of this site.
The term User shall refer to the user who is browsing the site. The term Site refers to www.digitalmesh.co.in owned and monitored by Digital Mesh.
By using the Site, you agree to follow and be bound by the following terms and conditions concerning your use of the Site. Digital Mesh may revise the Terms of Use at any time without notice to you. Areas of the Site may have different terms of use posted. If there is a conflict between the Terms of Use and terms of use posted for a specific area of the Site, the latter shall have precedence with respect to your use of that area of the Site.
Digital Mesh may terminate User's access at any time for any reason. The provisions regarding to disclaimer of warranty, accuracy of information, and indemnification shall survive such termination. Digital Mesh may monitor access to the Site.
All content present on this site is the exclusive property of Digital Mesh. The software, text, images, graphics, video and audio used on this site belong to Digital Mesh. No material from this site may be copied, modified, reproduced, republished, uploaded, transmitted, posted or distributed in any form without prior written permission from Digital Mesh. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. Unauthorized use of the materials appearing on this site may violate copyright, trademark and other applicable laws, and could result in criminal or civil penalties.
Digital Mesh does not make any warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to any information, data, statements or products made available on the Site.
The Site, and all content, materials, information, software, products and services provided on the Site, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. Digital Mesh expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
Digital Mesh shall have no responsibility for any damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any content, materials, information from the Site
Digital Mesh may change or discontinue any aspect of its website at any time, including, its content or features. Digital Mesh reserves the right to change the terms and conditions applicable to use of the Site. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon notice, which shall be placed on the Site.
In no event will Digital Mesh be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, direct, incidental or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, business interruption and loss of programs or information) arising out of the use of or inability to use Digital Mesh's website, or any information provided on the website, or in the Products any claim attributable to errors, omissions or other inaccuracies in the Product or interpretations thereof. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to the User.
User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Digital Mesh harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site.
The information contained in the Site has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. Digital Mesh disclaims all warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information.
Digital Mesh makes no warranty that: (a) the Site will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any services offered through the Site will be accurate or reliable
The User's right to privacy is of paramount importance to Digital Mesh. Any information provided by the User will not be shared with any third party. Digital Mesh reserves the right to use the information to provide the User a more personalized online experience.
The Site provides links to web sites and access to content, products and services from third parties, including users, advertisers, affiliates and sponsors of the Site. You agree that Digital Mesh is not responsible for the availability of, and content provided on, third party web sites. The User is requested to peruse the policies posted by other web sites regarding privacy and other topics before use. Digital Mesh is not responsible for third party content accessible through the Site, including opinions, advice, statements and advertisements, and User shall bear all risks associated with the use of such content. Digital Mesh is not responsible for any loss or damage of any sort User may incur from dealing with any third party.
>
Digital Mesh Softech India (P) Limited
Unit 1: 43-A, E Block, 2nd Floor,
Cochin Special Economic Zone, Kakkanad,
Kochi - 682037, Kerala, INDIA.
Tel: +91-484-4060200
Fax: +91-484-4060201
info@digitalmesh.com
NAVIGATE
Home
Offshore Software Development
Showcase
Technologies
Services
About Us
Careers
Contact
ABOUT US
The Company
Our Vision
Our Philosophy
Management Team
People Policies
Testimonials
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Blog
© Digital Mesh - All rights reserved
Ready to Start ?
×
Tell us about your project (Step 1 of 2)
Name*
Email Address*
Guaranteed No Obligation Response within 12 Business Hours
We value your privacy and will not share your personal information.
Close
Continue