https://www.rwcimages.co.uk/privacy
Roger Creber Photography - arps efiap dpagb
HOME | ABOUT | PORTFOLIO | GREETINGS CARDS | CHRISTMAS CARDS | LIGHT BOX | CART | CONTACT
HOME
ABOUT
PORTFOLIO
GREETINGS CARDS
CHRISTMAS CARDS
LIGHT BOX
CART
CONTACT
Privacy Policy
Roger Creber understands that your data is important to you: he is committed to protecting your privacy and any data that he holds.
Data that he may hold about you:
Your name
Your email address
Your address
Your phone number
Your order details
Will your data be shared with anyone else?
He will never sell your data or distribute your data to a third party, although he may use your email address via a trusted and reputable third-party company to keep you updated about his photography.
The only other time he will share data is where he is compelled to do so by the relevant legal authorities.
What other data does he collect?
He may collect statistical data via cookies on the website.
No personal information is collected in this way.
Cookies help to improve the user experience for the website and provide feedback about how it is being used: this allows him to improve the website.
What rights do you have?
Under the terms of the GDPR regulations you have:
The right to be informed about what data he holds and how he uses it.
The right to access the information he holds about you.
The right to rectify any data that he has about you if it is inaccurate.
The right to erase any data about yourself in certain circumstances.
The right to restrict how your personal data is processed.
The right to have your data in a portable format if you wish to transfer it to another organisation.
The right to object if you disagree with certain types of processing.
The right not to be subjected to automated decision-making including profiling.
You can exercise any of these rights, including making a complaint to us, by contacting us via the contact page.
You can also contact the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) via their website: www.ico.org.uk or call their helpline on 0303 123 1113.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information. The table below explains the cookies we use and why we may store them on your computer.
The cookies we use are solely to keep track of your choice of images for the Light Box and Your Cart and to retain your contact details from these two pages for future visits. The information is not stored on any computer or smart phone other than your computer or phone. Even RWC Images do not store or use the information. The information on the cookies is never stored anywhere else other than your device. And your data is never passed to any third party.
The Light Box and Your Cart can not function without our use of cookies on your computer to "remember" the images you have selected. If you are still not happy with our use of cookies, you can still browse all the images on the website and simply contact us direct. Simply avoid using the Light Box and Your Cart links and no cookies will be used at all and no information about your visit on this website will be stored.
Cookie
Name and Purpose
rwcadd18
Store of first line of your delivery address if you choose to tell us your delivery address before paying by credit card for images
rwcadd28
Line 2 as above
rwcadd38
Line 3 as above
rwcadd48
Line 4 as above
rwcadd58
Line 5 as above
rwctelephone8
Your telephone number as above
rwcemail8
Your email address as above
rwcimages
A unique identifier so we can track the images you select for the Light Box
rwcimages2
A unique identifier so we can track the images you select for the Light Box
rwccart2
A unique identifier so we can track the images you select for the Your Cart
Roger Creber Photography
Telephone: 01794 324634
© 2003/20 Roger Creber, all rights reservedPowered by seren technologies