http://www.pulmolink.co.uk/pages/terms-of-service
Search
Home
Products
Fingertip Pulse Oximeters
Handheld Pulse Oximeters
Pulse Oximetry Sensors & Attachments
Portable Capnographs
BCI Capnography Accessories
Respiratory Products
Spirometry
Dosimetry Products
Cardio Pulmonary Exercise Test Equipment
Clearance
Help & Advice
What is a Pulse Oximeter?
How does a Pulse Oximeter work?
What does a Pulse Oximeter tell you?
What are Fingertip Pulse Oximeters?
What are Handheld Pulse Oximeters?
What are Pulse Oximetry Sensors and Attachments?
Learn more about Capnographs
Learn more about Spirometry
Learn more about Cardio Pulmonary Equipment
Learn more about Lung Function Equipment
About
About us
History
Charity
Christmas and New Year Disptach Dates and Opening Times
Support
Support
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Contact
Sign in
Create an Account
Menu
Cart 0
Home
›
Terms of Service
Terms of Service
OVERVIEW
This website is operated by Pulmolink Ltd. Throughout the site, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to PulmolinkLtd. Pulmolink Ltd offers this website, including all information, tools and services available from this site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here.
By visiting our site and/ or purchasing something from us, you engage in our “Service” and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Service”, “Terms”), including those additional terms and conditions and policies referenced herein and/or available by hyperlink. These Terms of Service apply to all users of the site, including without limitation users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, and/ or contributors of content.
Please read these Terms of Service carefully before accessing or using our website. By accessing or using any part of the site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the website or use any services. If these Terms of Service are considered an offer, acceptance is expressly limited to these Terms of Service.
Any new features or tools which are added to the current store shall also be subject to the Terms of Service. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time on this page. We reserve the right to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and/or changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the website following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.
Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
Account Information and Accuracy of Billing
It is your responsibility to keep all details (including your password) safe and confidential. Should you believe these details have been compromised, or are likely to be compromised in anyway, it is your responsibility to advise Pulmolink Ltd as soon as possible. You are accountable for all activity that takes place on your account.
The onus is on you to ensure the details you provide us with are as up to date and accurate as possible, to the best of your knowledge. Should your details change, for example you move house, it is your responsibility to update your account accordingly.
We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, at our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors that have been placed without our express agreement.
Age
By creating an account or placing an order or enquiry for services with Pulmolink.co.uk you are confirming that you are aged 18 years or over.
Cheques
Personal and company cheque are an acceptable method of payment for telephone, verbal, faxed, or emailed orders. However, please note that the goods will not be dispatched until the cheque has cleared. It is not possible to order on-line and pay by cheque.
Collection in Person
We do NOT allow items to be collected in person.
Content
Pulmolink Ltd reserve the right to change the content of the website at any time and without notice. This includes, but is not limited to, the withdrawal of products, alteration of pricing and the availability of items.
Complaints
In the unlikely event you have a complaint, please either call, fax, email or write to us (see CONTACT US tab) with details of the complaint, marking the correspondence Complaint – Customer Service Department. Please provide us with as much information as possible and contact details (preferably daytime ones) so we may contact you in an effort to resolve the matter.
Copyright
The website and all of its content are the copyright of Pulmolink Ltd. You may NOT use any of the content, including but not limited to the text, pictures, images and logos, for any purpose other than your own private retail experience. Any breach of this policy will be reported to the relevant legal authorities and Pulmolink Ltd will support any prosecution.
Errors, Inaccuracies and Omissions
Occasionally there may be information on our site or in the Service that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, product shipping charges, transit times and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or on any related website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order).
We undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information on any related website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or refresh date applied in the Service or on any related website, should be taken to indicate that all information in the Service or on any related website has been modified or updated.
General Conditions
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time. You understand that your content (not including credit card information), may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Credit card information is always encrypted during transfer over networks.
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service or any content on the website through which the service is provided, without express written permission by us.
The headings used in this agreement are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms.
Governing Law
These Terms of Service and any separate agreements whereby we provide you Services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United Kingdom.
Information about You
We process information about you within the terms of our privacy policy. Please see separate Privacy Policy tab for further details
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Pulmolink Ltd and our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, officers, directors, agents, contractors, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, suppliers, interns and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable legal fees, made by any third-party due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms of Service or the documents they incorporate by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party.
Interruption
Pulmolink Ltd make every effort to ensure the website is accurate, up to date and running at all times. However, given the nature of the World Wide Web, this is not always possible and we cannot be held responsible for such interruptions, omissions or inaccuracies.
Your access may also be temporally suspended to allow for maintenance, updates and other issues that arise from the administration of the site. Pulmolink Ltd will, where possible, give as much notice as possible concerning any suspension of the website however, this is not always possible. Pulmolink Ltd will not be held accountable for any loss or inconvenience that occurs from its website suspension, no matter what the cause.
Links
You may link website pages, provided it is done in a fair and legal manner and does not disadvantage the company commercially or damage its reputation by doing so. However, you may not establish a link and imply, directly or indirectly, that there is an association, approval or endorsement by Pulmolink Ltd where none exist.
Misuse
You must not misuse the website (www.pulmolink.co.uk) by knowingly introducing any material which is malicious or technologically harmful. Any attempt to breach the above, will be treated with the upmost seriousness and will be reported to the relevant legal authorities immediately. Pulmolink Ltd will corporate fully with such authorities by disclosing your identity and any personal details to them.
Office Hours
Our office hours are 9am to 5.00pm Monday to Friday (excluding UK bank holidays). We will endeavour to answer your query as quickly as possible within these parameters.
Payment
Prices are quoted in pounds sterling £ and payment must also be made in pounds sterling £.
Postage and Packaging
Pulmolink Ltd endeavour to charge a fair and representative price for this service. The price charged is inclusive of packaging material, staff time and VAT and is subject to change without notice.
Pricing and Modification to the Service
Pulmolink Ltd reserve the right to change their pricing without notice. We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time. We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service
Products
We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colours and images of our products that appear in the store. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor's display of any colour will be accurate.
We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to limit the sales of our products or Services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction. We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or services that we offer. All descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at any time without notice, at our sole discretion. We reserve the right to discontinue any product at any time.
Prohibited Uses
You are prohibited from using the site or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international  rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses and we will co-operate fully with any legal investigation.
Privacy Policy
Please click here to see our Privacy Policy.
Queries
If you have any queries with regard to any of our terms and conditions, please either call Pulmolink on 01275 868182 or email Sales@pulmolink.co.uk.
Registered Trading Address
Pulmolink Ltd, The Old Brewery, 9-11 Lodway, Pill, Bristol BS20 0DH.
Returns
Items must be returned within 30 days of receipt, in “as new”, re-saleable condition, with ALL their original packaging, accessories, instructions and batteries. The buyer pays return postage and the postage cost they have already paid is NOT refundable. It is strongly recommended that you return any item via Signed For delivery for those valued at £50 or under, and by Special Delivery for those valued at over £50. Pulmolink Ltd cannot accept responsibility for any item returned to us until it has been received/signed for by a representative of the company. It is your responsibility to make sure the returned item is received safely and in resaleable condition.
Please note this is ONLY applicable if you decide the item does not meet your needs. In the unlikely event the item is returned due to an error on Pulmolink Ltd’s part, a full refund of the price paid AND reasonable postage costs will be given.
Servicing
Pulmolink Standard Terms and Conditions for Support & Service are in addition to those stated here and are available upon request.
Shipping
Shipping is payable on ALL orders.
We do post to the Scottish Islands, Scottish Highlands, Channel Islands, the Isle of Man and The Scilly Isles. However, the post can take longer to reach these destinations. For example, Royal Mail's "Special Delivery by 1pm Next Working Day" service may take two or even three days to reach some of these locations. If you live in one of these places AND require the item urgently, please contact us BEFORE you make the purchase and we can provide you with an estimated arrival date.
Stock
Pulmolink Ltd reserve the right to change their stock details listed on the website without notice. This includes, but is not limited to, availability, colour, pricing and accessories.
Termination
The obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of this agreement for all purposes. These Terms of Service are effective unless and until terminated by either you or us. You may terminate these Terms of Service at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our Services, or when you cease using our site. If in our sole judgment you fail, or we suspect that you have failed, to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Service, we also may terminate this agreement at any time without notice and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination; and/or accordingly may deny you access to our Services (or any part thereof).
Third Party Links
Certain content, products and services available via our Service may include materials from third-parties. Third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with us. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third-parties. We are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions made in connection with any third-party websites. Please review carefully the third-party's policies and practices and make sure you understand them before you engage in any transaction. Complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should be directed to the third-party.
User Comments, Feedback and other Submissions
If, at our request, you send certain specific submissions (for example contest entries) or without a request from us you send creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, 'comments'), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any comments that you forward to us. We are and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any comments in confidence; (2) to pay compensation for any comments; or (3) to respond to any comments.
We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libellous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms of Service.
You agree that your comments will not violate any right of any third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your comments will not contain libellous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the service or any related website. You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the origin of any comments. You are solely responsible for any comments you make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments posted by you or any third-party.
VAT
The rate of Value Added Tax (VAT) is set by the government and is subject to change without notice. VAT is payable on all purchases unless a valid VAT exemption certificate is provided at (or prior to) the point of order and BEFORE payment is made.  Therefore if you have a valid VAT exemption certificate and wish to place an order, please call on 01275 868182. We cannot accept on-line orders with VAT exemption nor orders where the VAT exemption is provided after payment has been made.
Warranty
Pulmolink Ltd fully support the various manufacturers’ product warranties for all the products we distribute within the United Kingdom. Any faults or failures arising during the warranty period applicable to that particular product should be reported immediately to Pulmolink Ltd in the first instance, who will endeavour to provide full assistance.
You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time at this page.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check our website periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to our website or the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms of Service constitutes acceptance of those changes.
Questions about the Terms of Service should be sent to us at sales@pulmolink.co.uk