http://www.pinarello.com/cookie-policy
Serve solo un aggiornamento veloce del tuo browser (Chrome, Explorer, Safari, Mozilla, Opera...).
Clicca sul pulsante qui sotto e in un attimo vedrai correttamente il nostro sito.
You need to upgrade your browser (Chrome, Explorer, Safari, Mozilla, Opera...).
Click the button below and you will see our site quickly.
Update browser
Loading
View
Find
BikesComponentsClothingPinarello WorldSupportStore locator
Choose your country and language to view local content
Global
Loading...
English
Loading...
Continue
This website uses cookies and similar technical means to manage, improve and personalise your browsing experience.
For more information on how to use and manage cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
I agree Cookie Policy The website www.pinarello.com (hereinafter the “Website”) uses cookies and similar technologies to ensure the correct and smooth functioning of the procedures and provide better online experiences.Data ControllerThis document provides information on the use of cookies and similar technologies. More specifically, it provides information on how Data Controller – Cicli Pinarello S.r.l., C.F. and VAT code 05994100963, REA TV 405650, with legal seat in Viale della Repubblica n. 12, 31020 Villorba (TV), Tel. 0422420877, Fax 0422421816, email infobike@pinarello.com (hereinafter, the “Controller”) -use such technologies to collect and store information.Definitions:CookieA cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you revisit the website, the cookie allows that site to recognise your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Cookies may be used to count the number of visitors on a webpage, to help you contact us and, more generally, to offer a better online service.You can find below a brief explanation of the main types of cookies.Technical cookiesTechnical cookies allow specific sections of the website to function correctly.They are always used and sent to your computer, unless you change your browser setting (see below), though to the detriment of the website performance.Technical cookies may be distinguished in:persistent cookies, that upon closing the browser are stored in your computer for the duration period contained within the persistent cookie’s file;session cookies, that are temporary cookie files, which are deleted when you close your browser.Analytical cookiesAnalytical cookies allow us to collect information and report website usage statistics without personally identifying individual visitors. The information may result in anonymous statistical analyses. Analytical cookies are sent by either this website or third-party domains.Third-party analytical cookiesThird-party analytical cookies are used to collect information and report website usage statistics without personally identifying individual visitors. This includes information on: most visited pages, time of display, access route, geographical location of the user, gender, age and interests of the user for marketing purposes. Third-party analytical cookies are set on external, third-party domains.Cookies used to integrate third-party software products and functionsThis type of cookies complements functionalities in the website as developed by third-parties, e.g. icons, social network preferences with respect to sharing our website’s content and using third-party software (e.g., mapping simulation software and software offering additional services).This type of cookies is set on third-party or partner domains, which offer their functionalities in our website.Profiling cookiesThese cookies are used to create users’ profiles and send advertisement messages based on their preferences and habits as expressed in the website.Manage cookies in your browserSome people prefer not to allow cookies, which is why most browsers give you the ability to manage cookies to suit you.In some browsers you can set up rules to manage cookies on a site-by-site basis, giving you more fine-grained control over your privacy. You can therefore disallow cookies from all sites except those that you trust.Here below you can find a link to the most popular browsers and their cookie policies:FirefoxInternet ExplorerChromeSafariAnother feature of modern browsers is the incognito mode. You can browse in incognito mode when you don’t want your website visits or downloads to be recorded in your browsing and download histories. Any cookies created while in incognito mode are deleted after you close all incognito windows.Ad choicesYou can control how providers of online behavioural advertising treat your data via this website: http://youronlinechoices.eu/.Please be advised that should you exercise your right to object, you will no longer receive online behavioural advertising but will continue to receive the general advertisement.In some cases, users may block the use of cookies by third-party providers.As to Google Analytics see https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=itUsers shall exercise their right to object each time they erase their cookie preferences or change their web browser.This cookie policy is compliant with Regulation (UE) 2016/679 and Directive 2009/136/CE and subjected to regular updates by Data controllers.Please find below the types of cookies used by Pinarello S.r.l. to run pinarello.com:
Cookie
Type
Duration
Description
__utma analytics  2 years To collect information in an aggregated form on navigation by users to optimise the browsing experience and the services. __utmb analytics  30 minutes To collect information in an aggregated form on navigation by users to optimise the browsing experience and the services. __utmc analytics session To collect information in an aggregated form on navigation by users to optimise the browsing experience and the services. __utmt analytics 10 minutes To collect information in an aggregated form on navigation by users to optimise the browsing experience and the services. __utmz analytics 6 months To collect information in an aggregated form on navigation by users to optimise the browsing experience and the services. __atuvc tecnico 2 years Used by AddThis to allow the aggregated visualisation about data sharing. __atuvs tecnico 2 years Used by AddThis to allow the aggregated visualisation about data sharing. __ac tecnico Session It allows the correct User’s recognition upon the log-in. editbarswitch tecnico Session It allows Users to handle the settings menu. I18N_LANGUAGE tecnico Session It allows  Users’ correct language preference. __cfduid tecnico - Third party 6 months Used by CloudFlare to speed the website perfomances. TCID analytics - Third party 1 year To collect infos on Users’ website use. It includes an anonymous and randomly generated ID, which allows browsers’ differences. _ga analytics - Third party 2 years To collect in an aggregated form infos on Users in order to improve navigation and services. Used by Google Maps, Google Analytics, Google Adwords APISID, HSID, PREF, SAPISID, SID,SSID analytics - Third party 2 years Used by Google Maps in order to collect non aggregated infos about system use. NID analytics - Third party session Used by Google Maps in order to collect non aggregated infos about system use. vuid, player tenico - Third party 1 year Technical cookie used by Vimeo cookie-alert tecnico 1 year Collects the reading of the cookie policy and the related consent.