https://www.nktphotonics.com/legal/
Skip to content
HomeLegal
Legal
Terms of use
This website is owned and operated by:
NKT Photonics A/S, Blokken 44, 3460 Birkeroed, Denmark
Business Reg.No: DK 10 04 82 65
Email: DataPrivacy[AT]nktphotonics.com
Disclaimer
The contents of this Site are made available to the public for informational purposes. The NKT Photonics Group (NKTP) endeavors to keep the contents updated, but we cannot guarantee that the contents are complete, correct, or in accordance with current legislation. NKTP will take measures to protect the Site against computer viruses, worms, Trojan horses, or other threats. NKTP does not, however, warrant that this Site is free from such harmful programs and disclaims any responsibility for or liability related to loss due to harmful programs received from the Site or by means of files downloaded from the Site. NKTP reserves the unilateral right to update, modify, change, and alter these Terms of Use at any time without notice.  All such updates, modifications, changes, and alterations are binding on all users and browsers of the NKTP Site.
Links
NKTP, for your convenience, may have included certain links to websites operated or owned by third parties. NKTP has not reviewed any of the websites linked to the NKTP website and does not endorse or accept any responsibility for the content of such websites nor the products, services, or other items offered through such websites. Neither framing nor deep linking is allowed without further permission. However, you are permitted to link to the front page of the Site in a loyal and non-competitive manner.
Intellectual Property Rights
Copyright
The contents of NKTP World Wide Web pages are © Copyright 2020 NKTP.
You are authorized to copy, reproduce, transfer, distribute, or store documents and information published by NKTP on the World Wide Web only within the limitations set forth herein. The authorization is limited to:
Non-commercial use within your organization,
Use for informational purposes only. Redistribution is subject to prior written consent by NKTP.
Reference to NKTP must always be made, when the document or information is used.
Note that any product, processes, or technology described in a document on this Site may be subject of other Intellectual Property Rights reserved by NKTP or any of its subsidiaries and affiliates and not licensed hereunder.
Trademarks, Service Marks, and Tradenames
The NKT Photonics name and the NKT Photonics logo as well as Crystal Fibre, Koheras, SuperK, Fianium, EVO, Onefive, ORIGAMI, aeroPULSE, aeroGAIN, aeroGUIDE, LIOS, DE.TECT, EN.SURE, WELL.DONE, PRE.VENT are (registered or unregistered) trademarks and/or service marks of NKTP. No mention is made of rights with respect to other trademarks, service marks, or trade names whether registered or not, which may attach to certain words or signs used herein. The absence of such mention, however, does in no way imply that there is no legal protection of such marks, trade names, words, or signs.
Other intellectual property rights
Note that any product, processes, or technology described in any documents may be the subject of Intellectual Property Rights reserved by NKTP and/or a third party. No right to use such Intellectual Property Right is granted hereunder.
Any comments sent to NKTP regarding this site becomes the property of NKTP and may be used without limitation. Such comments will not be treated as confidential.
Data privacy
For information about how we collect and process personal data of individuals click here.
No offer
NKTP provides access to internationally used NKTP data and, therefore, may include references to NKTP products, programs, and services not available in your country. This does not mean that NKTP intends to offer such product, programs, or services in your country.
No Warranty
This information is provided on an “As is” and “As available” basis without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property rights. This information may include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes may be periodically made to the information herein and will be incorporated in new editions of this publication. NKTP may make improvements or changes in products, programs, or services described in this publication at any time without notice.
Limitations of Liability
NKTP shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages, loss of profits, lost opportunity, or for business interruption arising out of the use of or inability to use this website, or from your reliance on any information provided herein, even if NKTP has been advised of the possibility of such damages. This limitation includes damages or any viruses, which may affect your computer equipment, tablet, phone, or other devices. Some jurisdictions do not allow exclusion of certain warranties or limitations of liability, so the above limitations or exclusions may not fully apply to you. The liability of NKTP would in such case be limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.
Governing Law & Jurisdiction
The use of this Site is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Denmark (save for its conflict of law provisions), and any disputes relating to or arising from the use of this Site must be decided by the Danish courts.
© Copyright NKT Photonics A/S All Rights Reserved
Privacy Policy
Legal
Imprint
Member of the NKT Group