https://www.clorox.com/resources/coronavirus/how-to-help-prevent-the-spread-of-the-covid-19-virus-this-back-to-school-season/
Skip to main navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer
Home
/
Resources
Coronavirus
https://www.clorox.com/resources/coronavirus/how-to-help-prevent-the-spread-of-the-covid-19-virus-this-back-to-school-season/
Current:
How to Help Prevent the Spread of the COVID-19 Virus This Back-to-School Season
How to Help Prevent the Spread of the COVID-19 Virus This Back-to-School Season
While some students are heading back to school virtually, others are looking for ways to stay safer while physically attending class. Here are a few coronavirus prevention tips to help prevent the spread of the COVID-19 virus if you’re planning to send your child back to school.
Preparing for School and the Classroom
Discuss the importance of hand hygiene and properly washing hands frequently when outside of the home.Label personal belongings and keep them in a cubbie or container in the classroom.Prepare face masks to be worn throughout the day while indoors.Avoid sharing supplies and electronics with other students and teachers. If you must share items make sure they’re disinfected before each use.Keep your child at home if someone in your family recently had close contact with a person with the COVID-19 virus or are experiencing any symptoms such as a fever or cough.Make sure schools are cleaning and disinfecting frequently touched items often.Ensure that school has a game plan regarding how to handle viral outbreaks and separating sick children.
Important Things to Keep in Mind
Wear face masks whenever inside of the classroom to prevent the spread of germs.Properly wash your hands when outside of your home.Clean and disinfect any school supplies shared with other students and teachers.
Returning Home from School
Remove shoes and leave them outside to minimize the transfer of germs into the home.Remove any clothes worn outside the home and put them in a lined hamper, laundry bag or a closed trash bag upon returning home.Properly wash your hands with soap and water for 20 seconds.Disinfect high-touch surfaces used as you enter including keys, door handles and light switches.Wash and dry clothes and washable face masks separately at a higher temperature (100–125°F) for at least 30 minutes.
Prevent the Spread of Germs at Home
Avoid placing school bags on common surfaces and wash lunch containers immediately upon return.Consider keeping school items in a closed storage bin or separate them from other household items to avoid transfer of outside germs and viruses throughout the home.Create a designated homework area to keep school books and other outside materials contained.After handling any school items, be sure to have the kids properly wash their hands and disinfect the household area where used. Disinfect highly touched areas in home regularly and often to prevent the spread of germs and viruses.
Helpful Links
Clorox COVID-19 Cleaning and Disinfecting TipsClorox Back-to-School TipsCDC Information for Preventing the Spread of COVID-19
Article Details
Share Article
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on Pinterest
Next Read About
Cold vs. Flu vs. COVID-19
Read More
Flu Facts
Read More
Preparing for Flu Season
Read More
Create Your Clorox Account Today
Register with Facebook
We won't post to Facebook without asking
or
Register with Email
Already have an account?
Sign In >
Sign In To Your Clorox Account
Log In with Facebook
or
E-mail
Password
Remember Me
Forgot Password?
Don't have an account?
Register >
Create Your Clorox Account Today
Signing up takes a minute, savings are forever
Register with Facebook
We won't post to Facebook without asking
or
E-mail*
Password*
Toggle password visibility
First Name*
Last Name*
Yes, I'd like to receive email newsletters with coupons, special offers and product information.
I have read and agree to the
Terms of Use
and have reviewed the
Privacy Statement.*
*Denotes a required field
Already have an account?
Sign In >
Can’t Find Your Password?
Enter the email address you used to register. We’ll send you an email with your username and a link to reset your password.
E-mail:
If you still need help, learn how to contact us here.
You're In
Welcome to the club.
Done
Email Has Been Sent!
An email with instructions and a link to reset your password has been sent to your email.
Back to Sign In
What's Next Newsletter
Be the first to know what's next at Clorox from offers to tips to products.
Email
First Name
Last Name
Yes, I'd like to receive email newsletters with coupons, special offers and product information.
I have read and agree to the Terms of Use and have reviewed the Privacy Statement.
You're in!
This is the beginning of something great.
Done
×
The page you are navigating to is not available in Spanish.
Continue En Español
or
Stay on English site
An Important Safety Message
Bleach and other disinfectants are not suitable for consumption or injection under any circumstances. People should always read the label for proper usage instructions. Disinfecting surfaces with bleach and other disinfecting products is one of the ways to help stop the spread of COVID-19, according to the Centers for Disease Control. Our products are safe when used as directed. It’s critical that everyone understands the facts in order to keep themselves safe and healthy.