https://www.summit-healthcare.com/privacy-policy-2/
Skip to content
Privacy Policyalex2016-09-14T15:02:02-04:00
Summit Healthcare – Privacy Policy
Summit Healthcare Services, Inc. (“Summit Healthcare”) makes information and products available via our web site.  We recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of personally identifiable information collected about our customers and prospects. The intent of Summit’s Privacy Policy is to balance our legitimate business interests in collecting and using information with the clients and prospects reasonable expectations of privacy.
This policy is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information.  Should anyone decided to use the Summit Healthcare (www.summit-healthcare.com) website and/or service, then users agree to the terms and conditions outlined with the Privacy Policy and Legal Notices. The personal information that Summit Healthcare collects are used for providing and improving the services and communication of Summit Healthcare’s products and services. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Personal Information
“Personal information” is defined as any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, name, email address, address, and other information.  Summit Healthcare collects personal information regarding client and/or prospect names, job titles, company names, email addresses, and phone numbers.  This information is collected in a variety of ways including on specific pages of our web site, event registration, webinar enrollment, and survey participation.  This data is required in order to provide information requested by the visitor as well as marketing, development and promotions of our products and services. Personal information is stored on our server and is not released to third parties. It is not accessible by other visitors or publicly accessible. We may disclose personal information when required by law.  See Disclosure of Personal Data
Information Collection and Use
Summit Healthcare will automatically collect certain information to track visitor activity on our website. This information may not reveal your specific identify or may not relate to an identifiable individual.  Such information includes browser and device information, information collected through cookies, pixel tags, and other technologies, and demographic information.  Summit uses this information to understand the website pages that are visited and improve the content of the Summit Healthcare website.  This practice allows Summit Healthcare to provide a better experience for users using our website and services.  Summit Healthcare may request you to provide us with additional personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, email, job title, phone number, and postal address to view some content. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.  The web servers assisting Summit Healthcare automatically collect information about which pages each user visits and the domain name of visitors to be used for internal review, to tailor information to individual visitors and for traffic audits. We never share this information or information you provide us with third parties except to the extent necessary information and/or services.
Summit Healthcare may partner with a third-party and send a co-branded communication, which may also request personal data be provided. In such cases, the use of your personal data by the third-party is covered by their privacy policy, and not Summit Healthcare’s privacy policy.  Summit’s agreement with our 3rd Party partners is to have them care for your information as confidential data only necessary for our business relationship.  Summit Healthcare does not sell, rent or share information collected through the website with any 3rd-Party who does not represent Summit Healthcare.
Summit Healthcare’s site provides links to third-party web sites, which are not under the control of Summit Healthcare. Summit Healthcare makes no representations about third-party web sites. When you access a non-Summit Healthcare web site, you do so at your own risk. Summit Healthcare provides these links merely as a convenience. The inclusion of such links does not imply that Summit Healthcare accepts any responsibility for the content of such sites.
Disclosure of Personal Data
Visitors to the Summit Healthcare website do not need to register or give any personally identifiable information in order to read the basic sections of the website. Those that do elect to provide personal information data related to an email address will have that data is housed in our mailing database indefinitely, or until you either request to unsubscribe by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any informational email received, or email Summit Healthcare at opt-out@summit-healthcare.com.
If you do not wish to receive any e-mails from Summit Healthcare, you may “opt out” at any time via regular mail, email Summit Healthcare at opt-out@summit-healthcare.com, or by clicking any “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any  Summit Healthcare informational email.
Under certain circumstances, Summit Healthcare may be required or permitted by law or court order to collect, use, and/or disclose personal information. Under these circumstances, notice of disclosure may not be required.
This privacy policy and these practices are intended to be in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) regulations of the EU.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Summit Healthcare may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Summit Healthcare advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. The notification of any changes will be received by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Privacy Policy page of the website. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Go to Top