https://www.zenithglobal.com/privacy-policy
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
This privacy policy sets out how “Zenith Global Ltd” uses and protects any information that you provide “Zenith Global Ltd” with when you use this website. Use of this website indicates that you consent to this privacy policy.
“Zenith Global Ltd” is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
“Zenith Global Ltd” will review this policy from time to time and will place any updates on this page. This policy was last modified on 1 May 2018
What information we collect about you
We collect information about you when you register with us or place an order for products or services, We also collect information when you voluntarily complete client surveys, provide feedback and participate in competitions. Website usage information is collected using cookies.
During your visit to this website, we may collect the following information:
Name, company name, VAT number, job title, and other information that you provide to us through form submission, which is relevant to purchases, registrations and subscriptions.Contact information including telephone numbers, postal addresses and email addresses.Demographic information such as location, preferences, interests, IP address, browser type and operating system.zenithglobal.com does not collect or hold any credit card information.
What we do with that information
We may use this information to:
Deliver the products and services requested by you during your visit to this website.Contact you in relation to the products and services requested by you, such as updates to events.Conduct other aspects of transactions such as sending invoices.Facilitate the use of website services and personalise aspects of the website to improve the visitor experience.Administer the website.Periodically send promotional emails about new products, services, special offers or other information which we think may be of interest to you. Each email contains a link to unsubscribe from future communications.From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.Deal with enquires and complaints made by or about you relating to the use of this website, including cases of fraud.Share your information with Constant Contact for the purpose of sending our marketing emails. Their privacy policy is available at www.constantcontact.comShare your information with SurveyMonkey for the purpose of conducting client surveys and questionnaires. Their privacy policy is available at www.surveymonkey.comShare your information with Zenith Global Americas LLC (part of the Zenith Global Ltd group) where required for the purpose of fulfilling orders. Zenith Global Americas LLC may also send promotional emails about new products, services, special offers or other information which we think may be of interest to you. Each email contains a link to unsubscribe from future communications.We process personal information for certain legitimate business purposes, which include some or all of the following:
Where the processing enables us to enhance, modify, personalise or otherwise improve our services/communications for the benefit of our clientsTo identify and prevent fraudTo enhance the security of our network and information systemsTo better understand how people interact with our websitesTo provide email communications which we think will be of interest to youTo contact you to provide feedback on our products and servicesTo determine the effectiveness of promotional campaigns and advertisingWhenever we process data for these purposes we will ensure that we always keep your personal data rights in high regard and take account of these rights. You have the right to object to this processing if you wish, and if you wish to do so, please email privacy@zenithglobal.com. Please bear in mind that, if you object, this may affect our ability to carry out the above tasks for your benefit.
All our website financial transactions are handled through our payment services provider, Worldpay. Worldpay's privacy policy is available at www.worldpay.com. We will share information with Worldpay only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing payments you make via our website and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments.
Marketing
We would like to send you information about products and services from Zenith Global Ltd or Zenith Global Americas LLC which may be of interest to you.
You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes or giving your information to other members of the Zenith Global Ltd group.
If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please visit https://www.zenithglobal.com/unsubscribe.
Data security
We take all reasonable technical and managerial precautions to prevent the loss, misuse, alteration or disclosure of your personally identifiable information. Only authorised employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. Hard copies of data are disposed of in a secure manner.
All our website financial transactions are handled through our payment services provider, Worldpay. Worldpay's privacy policy is available at www.worldpay.com.
It is your responsibility to keep your username and password details confidential. We will never ask you for your login details (except when you log in to this website).
Cookies
We may use both "session" cookies and "persistent" cookies on the website to provide the functionality that the website offers, and track usage patterns of visitors. Cookies can also help customise the website for visitors by remembering information about your preferences.
Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser. Persistent cookies will remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach a specified expiry date.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google's privacy policy is available at http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
For further information, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org. These sites also tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. This privacy policy only applies to this website, so when you link to other websites, you should read their privacy policies.
Furthermore, we cannot be responsible for either the content or the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such websites.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties (other than those specified in this policy) unless we have your permission, or in the case of one or more of the following circumstances:
We are required to do so by law.In connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings.In order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk).
Access to your information and correction
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email us – privacy@zenithglobal.com.
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.