https://www.navyz.com/privacy-policy-statement/
PRIVACY POLICY & STATEMENT
PRIVACY POLICY & STATEMENT
PRIVACY POLICY & STATEMENT
Privacy Policy and Statement
BankCard Services collects basic client information to make your experience the very best on the Internet. We respect your privacy, and we assure you that we will maintain and use this information responsibly. Please note that this Privacy Policy does not govern the collection and use of information by individual BankCard Services’ clients, affiliates and partners, or other companies that BankCard Services does not control, nor by individuals not employed or managed by BankCard Services. If you visit a Website that We host, mention or link to, be sure to review its privacy policy before providing the site with information.
General Browsing
BankCard Services gathers navigational information about where you go on our Website. This information allows us to see which areas are most visited. This helps us improve the quality of visitors’ online experiences by recognizing and delivering more of the features, services and products our visitors prefer. Additional non-personally identifiable information (i.e. domain type, browser version, service provider and IP address) may be collected which will provide information regarding your use of our Website (such as the time of your last visit to a page on our site).
Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information
Any Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”) you provide to us at this site when you establish or update an account, make a purchase or request information is maintained in private files on our secure Web server and our internal systems. BankCard Services does not sell, rent or trade your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties.
“Personally Identifiable Information” or “PII” means information that can be used to identify you as an individual, such as, for example:
– Your name, company, email address, phone number, billing address, and shipping address– Your BankCard Services user ID and password (if applicable)– Credit card information (if applicable)– Any account-preference information you provide us– Your computer’s domain name and IP address
This information is used to enable BankCard Services to deliver services to you. To ensure compliance with federal law, BankCard Services does not maintain information provided by nor is intended for minors or children under the age of 16.
If you do provide Us personally identifiable information to us, either directly or through a reseller or other business partner, we will:
– take commercially reasonable precautions to protect the information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction;– not use or disclose the information except:– as necessary to provide services or products you have ordered, such as (for example) by providing it to a carrier to deliver products you have ordered;– in other ways described in this privacy policy or to which you have otherwise consented;– in the aggregate with other information in such a way so that your identity cannot reasonably be determined (for example, statistical compilations);– as required by law, or based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with the law;– to outside auditors who have agreed to keep the information confidential;– to a successor organization in the event of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, or other sale or disposition of all or a portion of BankCard Service’s assets.– as necessary to enforce Our Terms of Service;– as necessary to protect the rights, safety, or property of BankCard Services, its users, or others; this may include (for example) – exchanging information with other organizations for fraud protection and/or risk reduction.
BankCard Services may use third parties to help us provide services and marketing to you, such as fulfilling orders, processing payments, monitoring site activity, conducting surveys, and administering e-mails. If any PII is provided to any of these third parties, we will require that such information be maintained by them in strictest confidence. Notice to European Union users BankCard Service’s operations are located primarily in the United States. If you provide information to us, the information will be transferred out of the European Union (EU) to the United States. By providing personal information to Us, you are consenting to its storage and use as described herein.
Use of Cookies
This site uses cookies to enable you to navigate the site better as well as provide non-personally identifiable information to third parties to assist in our market research and to provide targeted marketing and information. Cookies also allow BankCard Services to make our sites more responsive to your needs, by delivering a better and more personalized experience to you. The cookies are typically stored on your computer’s hard drive and are used by BankCard Services to help track your clicks as you go through the pages within a BankCard Services Website. In addition, BankCard Services uses cookies to help keep track of support requests and to tell us whether you have previously visited a BankCard Services website. This allows registered users to avoid reentering information upon every new visit to our site. BankCard Services does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.
Third parties that have content embedded on BankCard Service’s websites such as a social feature may set cookies on a user’s browser and/or obtain information about the fact that a web browser visited a specific BankCard Services website from a certain IP address. Third parties cannot collect any other personally identifiable information from BankCard Service’s websites unless you provide it to them directly.
Cookies may also be used to aid in BankCard Service’s marketing efforts. Third-party vendors, including Google, show our ads on sites across the Internet. BankCard Services and these third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies together to report how your ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to your site. BankCard Services collects and uses data to identify trends in the usage of our website. Such information is only used internally with BankCard Services.
If you prefer not to accept cookies, you can set your browser to either disallow cookies all together or have a browser alert you when a site is using a cookie. The exact method of disabling cookies varies depending on the browser you are using; please consult the Help option in your browser for specific directions. Please note that if you reject or block all cookies in your browser settings, you will not be able to take full advantage of BankCard Service’s facilities as some cookies are necessary for the site to function properly.
Questions/Changes in Policy
If you have questions or concerns with respect to our Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at 1-888-339-0100. If elements of our Privacy Policy change, we will post the updated Privacy Policy on this Website. If you are concerned about how your personal information is used, please visit our site often for this and other important announcements about BankCard Services.
Security
BankCard Services believes in providing a safe and secure experience for all of our clients. We provide stringent and effective security measures on our Website. We use reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to protect and limit access to personal information. This includes device safeguards and secured files and buildings. It is our policy to never send private information, such as your credit card number or Social Security number, via e-mail. In fact, this is a practice we recommend you adopt in all of your Internet activities.
For more information, call a Business Solutions Specialist at 888-339-0100