http://www.kidsquest.com/privacy-policy
icon-find
icon-search
icon-print
icon-share
icon-close
icon-play
chevron-down
icon-chevron-right
icon-chevron-left
chevron-small-left
chevron-small-right
icon-facebook
icon-twitter
icon-mail
icon-youtube
icon-pinterest
icon-google_plus
icon-instagram
icon-linkedin
icon-arrow-right
icon-arrow-left
icon-download
cross
minus
plus
icon-map
icon-list
icon-map-pin
icon-telephone
icon-mail2
EFFECTIVE DATE: January 1, 2020Kids Quest, Inc. and its subsidiaries respect the privacy and concerns of guests that visit its website. This privacy policy applies to www.kidsquest.com and it outlines how Kids Quest collects and uses the personal information provided. It also describes the choices available to guests regarding the use of personal information and how to access and update this information.If policy changes are made to “www.kidsquest.com”, this page will be updated. Please check back to ensure that you are satisfied with any changes.NOTE FOR PARENTS CONCERNING PRIVACY Kids Quest attempts to encourage children to consult with their parents before furnishing data. However, Kids Quest believes that parents should supervise their children’ online activities and consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers to provide a kid-friendly online environment.We do not seek to specifically acquire information from children under the age of 18 on the Kids Quest website.PERSONS UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE ARE EXCLUDED FROM THIS WEBSITEThis website is not lawfully accessible to persons under the age of 13 or who are otherwise covered by the provisions of the Child Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (“COPPA”). If you are under the age of 13 you must leave this site immediately. Fraudulent use of this website may subject you to civil or criminal sanctions.If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at:Kids Quest Corporate Office Attn: Marketing Department 3405 Annapolis Lane North Plymouth, MN 55447 (800) 941-1007 socialmedia@kidsquest.comINFORMATION COLLECTION AND YOUWe collect the following personal information from you:Contact information such as name, email address, mailing address, phone numberBilling Information such as credit card number and billing addressBirthdate, ages of children, shipping information or other information that visitors voluntarily provideDemographic information such as zip code to help provide you with servicesThis information is used for the purposes outlined below:Completing center visit pre-registrationCompleting a party, group or event reservationsSending order confirmationsSending newslettersSending marketing communicationSending requested product or service informationResponding to customer service requestsAdministering contests and/or sweepstakes you have entered, and notify you if you winResponding to questions and concernsImproving our website and marketing effortsConducting research and analysisINFORMATION SHARING We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy. We do not sell your personal information to third parties.We will not sell, distribute, or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required to by law. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties that we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you agree. We also may share your personal information with the host property where our center is located in the event it is requested.You may request details of personal information which we retain about you under the Data Protection Act of 1998. A small fee may be charged. If you would like a copy of this information, please contact us via email or at the 800 number in our contact information above.If you believe that any information we have for you is incorrect or incomplete, please call or email us as soon as possible so corrections can be made.California ResidentsAs a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) affords you with certain rights regarding how your information is collected including but not limited to, your right to know where your information is disclosed, your right to opt-out and your rights to deletion. For information on how your information is collected, please refer to the “Information Collection and You” section of this policy. For information on how your information is utilized, please refer to the “Legal Disclaimer” portion of this policy that sets forth a table outlining what information is shared to certain third parties and the purpose of such disclosure. For information on how to opt-out or request deletion, please refer to the “User Access and Opt-Out Policies” section of this policy. Kids Quest does not sell any information collected to third parties nor does it have any plans to sell the information in the future.If you would like to submit a request to exercise any of these rights under the CCPA or if you have any questions or concerns that you would like to share with us, please feel free to email us at socialmedia@kidsquest.com or submit your request by phone at 800-941-1007. Please allow our team at least 60 days to respond to your request. Some requests may take up to 90 days. Please understand that we are unable to respond to more than two requests in any 12-month period.Nevada ResidentsAs a Nevada resident, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your information even if your information is not sold to third parties. Kids Quest does not sell any personal information to third parties nor does it have any plans to sell the information in the future. For information on how to opt-out or request deletion, please refer to the “User Access and Opt-Out Policies” section of this policy.  In the event you decide you to invoke your right to opt-out, please email your request specifying that you would like to opt-out of the sale of personal information in Nevada to socialmedia@kidsquest.com. Please allow our team a minimum of 60 days for a response.GEO-LOCATION DATA Our website does request access or tracks location-based information so that we may enhance your experience on our website (e.g., locating a nearby Kids Quest or Cyber Quest or identifying special offers that may be of interest to you, or personalizing interactions with us). For most mobile devices, you are able to withdraw your permission for us to acquire this information on your location through the device settings. If you have questions about how to disable your mobile device’s location services, we recommend you contact your mobile device provider or the device manufacturer.SERVICE PROVIDERS We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as shipping products, processing payments, or offering customer service features such as party/event booking. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only to the extent necessary to provide these services to us.Our website may contain links to enable you to easily visit other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. Exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.LEGAL DISCLAIMER We may also disclose your personal information:As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or similar legal processWhen we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government requestIf Kids Quest is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal informationTo any other third party with your prior consent to do soNAME OF THIRD PARTYWHAT INFO IS SHARED WITH OR COLLECTED BY THIS PARTNER?PARTNER’S PURPOSELINK TO PARTNER’S PRIVACY POLICYGoogle, Inc. and Google, Inc. (YouTube)User internet usage/behaviorAdvertising, YouTube, website tools, ad platform, analyticshttps://www.google.com/policies/Twitter Inc.Page linksSocial sharinghttps://twitter.com/privacyFacebookPage links, likesSocial sharinghttps://www.facebook.com/about/privacyInstagramPage linksSocial sharinghttps://www.instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/InfusionSoft, Inc.Optimization/Internet usage/behaviorMarketing Communicationhttps://www.infusionsoft.com/legal/privacy-policyBookeo Pty LtdOptimization/Internet usage/behaviorMarketing/Service Communicationhttps://www.bookeo.com/privacy/PinterestPage links, pinsSocial sharinghttps://about.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policyIndeedPage linksSocial sharing; communicationhttps://www.indeed.com/legalAuthorize.NetDebit and credit card informationPayment processorhttp://www.authorize.net/company/privacy/Dayta MarketingDigital AgencyMarketing/Service Communicationhttps://www.daytamarketing.com/privacySurveyMonkeyOptimization/Internet Usage/BehaviorMarketing Communicationhttps://www.surveymonkey.com/mp/legal/privacy-policy/?ut_source=footerMail ChimpOptimization/Internet Usage/BehaviorMarketing/Service Communicationhttps://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/WordPressOptimization/Internet Usage/Behavior/Page LinksMarketing/Service Communicationhttps://wordpress.org/about/privacy/The above chart lists the names of some of our third-party partners and support provider’s entities which may provide administrative services to our websites. The entities may change from time to time.If you have any inquiries regarding our partners’ practices or how they use your personal information, please contact us directly at socialmedia@kidsquest.com.USER ACCESS AND OPT-OUT POLICIES If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may update or request the deletion of personally identifiable information collected by emailing our Marketing Department at socialmedia@kidsquest.com or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below.Out of respect for your privacy, you may choose to stop receiving our marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails. We do send transactional emails when processing registration and party orders and responding back to your feedback/questions. You may not opt-out of these emails as they are not promotional in nature.SURVEYS We may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests, surveys or sweepstakes on our site. If you participate, we will retain certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in these contests, surveys or sweepstakes is completely voluntary and you, therefore, have a choice whether or not to disclose this information.We use any information collected from these contests, surveys or sweepstakes to notify contest winners and award prizes, to monitor site traffic or personalize the site, to send participants an email newsletter, or contact if there are issues.We may use a third-party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests; that company will be prohibited from using our users’ personally identifiable information for any other purposes. We do not share the personally identifiable information you provide through a contest or survey with other third parties unless we give you prior notice and choice.TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES Technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags, and scripts are used to provide customer support services. These technologies are also used to improve the user experience completing forms for the registration process, tracking behaviors so that we can provide relevant messaging, improving the overall experience, tracking users’ movements around the site, and gathering demographic information about our user base as a whole.As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.SECURITY The security of your personal information is important to us. We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our website, you can contact us at socialmedia@kidsquest.com.Additional InformationTESTIMONIALS From time to time, we display personal testimonials by satisfied customers on our site in addition to other endorsements. With your consent, we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at socialmedia@kidsquest.comSOCIAL MEDIA WIDGETS Our website includes social media features, such as the Facebook Like button or Pinterest Pin icon or interactive widgets that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.CHANGES TO THIS POLICYThis Privacy Policy is dynamic. You may not assume that it remains the same and you agree to check the policy each time you visit the site for changes. Unless, in the sole opinion of the website, this policy changes so drastically as to suggest the need for a posted notification on the site or via email, you will receive no notification of changes to this Privacy Policy nor, under any circumstances, does this site promise notification. Your continued use of this site evidences your acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy or any modifications.CONTACT US Kids Quest Corporate Office Attn: Marketing Department 3405 Annapolis Lane North, Suite 100 Plymouth, MN 55447 Phone: 800-941-1007 socialmedia@kidsquest.comYou may direct questions, comments, or reports to Kids Quest/Cyber Quest by filling out our Contact Us form located on our website.TRADEMARKS, COPYRIGHTS, AND RESTRICTIONS This site is controlled and operated by KIDS QUEST, INC., 3405 Annapolis Lane North, Suite 100, Plymouth, MN 55447. The phone number is 800-941-1007. socialmedia@kidsquest.com. All materials on this site, including, but not limited to, images, illustrations, audio clips, and video clips, are protected by copyrights that are owned and controlled by Kids Quest, Inc., or by other parties that have licensed their material to Kids Quest and Cyber Quest. (“Copyrights”). Material from www.kidsquest.com or any website owned, operated, licensed or controlled by Kids Quest, Inc., (“Kids Quest, Inc., websites”) may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way. Modification of the materials or use of the materials for any other purpose is a violation of the copyrights and other proprietary rights. For purposes of this Security Policy, the use of any such material on any other website or networked computer environment is prohibited.EMAILS AND POSTINGS RECEIVED Do not post any threatening or libelous emails or material on this site that would be considered a violation of any law. Kids Quest, Inc., will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing Kids Quest, Inc., to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such emails or materials.
What Can We Help You Find?
Share ShareShare this page content with others.