http://www.parijatagrochemicals.com/terms-conditions
Terms and Conditions - Parijat Industries (India) Pvt. Ltd.
Skip to content
Parijat Industries (India) Pvt. Ltd.
Parijat
HOME About UsAbout Us Team Our Group Companies Quality Policy Health Safety & Environment CSR MediaPRINT NEWS ONLINE NEWS
ProductsDomestic International
CROPS Production Facilities Scientific Infrastructure Parijat WalletParijat Wallet Domestic Distribution Resources
WORK WITH US
HOME About UsAbout Us Team Our Group Companies Quality Policy Health Safety & Environment CSR MediaPRINT NEWS ONLINE NEWS
ProductsDomestic International
CROPS Production Facilities Scientific Infrastructure Parijat WalletParijat Wallet Domestic Distribution Resources
WORK WITH US
Terms & Conditions
Welcome to Parijat Industries (India) Pvt. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Parijat)!
To ensure a harmonious and fruitful relationship between us and our Website users we are providing the terms and policies that shall govern the usage of our Website.
As we progress we get bigger and better and consequently these policies may change as per the requirements, so please refer to them periodically. Our terms of use and privacy policy may change at any time without prior notification.
By accessing this Website, you are agreeing to be bound by these Website’s Terms of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this Website. The materials contained in this Website are protected under applicable laws for e.g. copyright, trademarks, etc.
These Terms of Use (“Terms”) along with Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) forms a legally binding agreement (“Agreement”) between the Website users and us. Hence, we insist that users must spend time reading these Terms and Privacy Policy and let us know at contact@parijat.in, if the users have any queries regarding the same. We will try our best to answer the queries.
YOUR APPROVAL
1. You approve and accept this agreement by:
(a) accessing the Website.
2. You can accept this agreement only if:
(a) You are above 18 years of age,
(b) You are eligible and mentally capable to execute a binding contract with Parijat pursuant to accessing the Website; and
(c) You are not legally barred from accessing the Website.
3. You understand that we want you to not access the Website if you do not understand, approve of or accept all the terms specified in this Agreement. Hence, you are requested to read these Terms and Privacy Policy (hyperlinked) carefully and understand the agreement before you accept it and agree to be bound by it.
USAGE
1. Parijat grants you a limited license to access this Website and not to download or modify it or any portion of it.
2. In order to provide access of the Website to you, we may request you to register and/or provide and /or confirm information about yourself. We trust that any information provided by you will always be true, accurate, complete and updated.
3. The content displayed on the Website is for your non-commercial, non-legal and personal use. You are not allowed to copy, reproduce, alter, modify, create derivative works of, or publicly display any content displayed on this Website.
4. We may stop provision of the Website (or any part of it), permanently or temporarily, to you or to users generally or may modify or change the nature of the Website and/or these terms at our sole discretion, without any prior notice to you. Your use of the Website following any such modification constitutes your deemed acceptance to be bound by the Agreement (or as it may be modified).
RESTRICTIONS ON YOUR USE
1. You will not use the Website, or any content provided thereof for any purpose that is illegal, unlawful or prohibited by this Agreement.
2. You will not use the Website, or any content provided thereof for any legal purpose.
3. You will not access (or attempt to access) the content provided through the Website by any other than through the Website, unless you have been specifically allowed to do so in a separate written agreement with Parijat.
4. You will not redistribute, sublicense, rent, publish, sell, assign, lease, market, transfer, or otherwise make the Website or any component or content thereof, available to third parties.
5. You will not circumvent or disable any digital rights management, usage rules, or other security features of the Website; remove, alter, or obscure any proprietary notices (including copyright notices) on any portion of the Website; and not use the Website in a manner that threatens the integrity, performance, or availability of the Website.
6. You will not attempt to or engage in any activity that may:
(b) collect information about other users of the Website for any illegal or unlawful purpose;
(c) create any user accounts by automated means or under false or fraudulent pretenses for using the Website;
(d) transmit any viruses, worms, defects, trojan horses, or any items of a destructive nature through the Website;
(e) use the Website in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair, or undertake any action which is harmful or potentially harmful to, any of the servers, networks, computer systems or resources connected to any of the servers connected, directly or indirectly to the Website, or interfere with any other third party’s use and enjoyment of the Website;
(f) forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any content transmitted through the Website; or
(g) obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available, in the opinion of Parijat, through the Website.
7. You will not impersonate another person or impersonate, guide or host on behalf of, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity, including, but not limited to our officials, employees, agents, partners, affiliates, dealers and franchisees.
TERMINATION
1. Your access to the Website may be terminated if you knowingly or unknowingly cause direct or indirect breach, as ascertained by Parijat, of these Terms or Privacy Policy as a whole or in part;
2. We may have to terminate your access to the Website if:
(a) We are required to do so by any law (for example, where the access to and/or provision of the Web to you becomes, unlawful);
(b) The third party, if any, with whom we offered the Website to you has terminated its relationship with us or ceased to offer the related services to us or to you;
(c) The provision of Website to you, is no longer viable or feasible for us; or
(d) You are a repeat infringer of this agreement.
3. We may terminate this agreement at any time, with or without notice and may procure disabling your access to the Website and/or barring you from any future access to the Website.
4. When this Agreement comes to an end, all of the legal rights, obligations and liabilities that you and Parijat have benefited from, been subject to (or which have accrued over time whilst the Agreement has been in force) or which are expressed to continue indefinitely, shall be unaffected by this cessation, and shall continue to apply to such rights, obligations and liabilities indefinitely.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
1. Your use of the Website is and at all times shall be governed by and subject to the laws regarding copyright, trademark, patent, and trade secret ownership and use of intellectual property. You agree to abide by laws regarding copyright, trademark, patent, and trade secret ownership and use of intellectual property, and You shall be solely responsible for any violations of any laws and for any infringements of any intellectual property rights caused by your access of the Website.
2. Parijat owns and retains all the intellectual property rights to the content made available to you through the Website.
3. All trademarks, brands and service marks of the Website are the property of Parijat only. Parijat owns all the copyrights and database in relation to the Website.
4. The Website or any underlying technology or software used in connection with the Website may contain rights of Parijat or its affiliates or any third party. For use of any third party’s intellectual property, you may need to get permission directly from the owner of the intellectual property.
5. Parijat respects the intellectual property rights of others and does not hold any responsibility for any violations of any intellectual property rights by you.
PRIVACY
1. Our Privacy Policy (hyperlinked) explains how we treat your personal data and protect your privacy when you use the Website. By accessing the Website, you agree that we can use such data according to our Privacy Policy.
2. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of passwords, you use to access the Website. Accordingly, you are solely responsible for all activities that occur with your device. If you become aware of any unauthorized use of your device, you will notify the relevant authorities as soon as possible
APP
The terms of use and policies applicable on the usage of the Parijat Website shall also apply ‘as is’ on the usage of the Parijat’s App.
LINKS
Parijat has not reviewed all the sites linked to its Website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Parijat of the site. The liked sites are not under the control of Parijat and use of any such linked Website is at the user’s own risk.
LIMITATIONS
In no event shall Parijat be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Parijat, even if Parijat or a Parijat authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage.
INDEMNIFICATION
To the extent authorized by law, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless Parijat, its employees, officers, directors, affiliates, and agents from and against any and all claims, losses, expenses, damages, and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting directly or indirectly from or arising out of (a) your violation of the Terms, (b) your use of any of the services.
DISPUTE RESOLUTION
In the event of any dispute, controversy or claim of whatsoever nature arising under, out of or in connection with or relating to interpretation, enforcement or performance of the terms and conditions of this agreement, such dispute, controversy or claim shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of India and the courts at New Delhi shall have the exclusive jurisdiction to adjudicate such dispute, controversy or claim.
Last updated on 30-October-2018.
Corporate Address Parijat Industries India Pvt. Ltd.,
M-77, M Block Market,
Greater Kailash- II, New Delhi- 110048
Contact Us Email: contact@parijat.in
Telephone No.: +91-11-45766000
Great Place To Work Certified Company
© 2014 - 2017 Parijat Industries (India) Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Disclaimer |
Sitemap