http://www.epicuren.com/pages/privacy-and-terms-of-use
Skip to content
Shop
Shop
Featured
New
Best Sellers
Gift Ideas
Gift Cards
By Category
Anti-Aging
Aromatherapy
Body Care
Cleansers
Exfoliants
Masks
Metadermabolic™ Enzymes and Kits
Moisturizers
Prevention & Correction
Sun Care
Toners
By Skin Type
All Skin Types
Combination
Dry
Normal
Oily
Sensitive
By Concern
Acne
Congested
Dehydrated
Sensitized Redness
Signs of Aging
Sun Damage
Skin QuizWhy Epicuren?
Our PhilosophyAwardsCustomer ReviewsCelebrity TestimonialsIn The Media
Learn
BlogFAQ'sHistoryProfessionalsStandards & Certifications
Spa Locator
Professionals
Account
Search
FREE SHIPPING ON ALL ORDERS OVER $150
Cart
Free shipping on orders over $150
Your cart is empty
FREE SHIPPING ON ALL ORDERS OVER $150
Account
Spa Locator
Professionals
FREE SHIPPING ON ALL ORDERS OVER $150
( 0 )
Respect and Transparency
Epicuren Discovery® (“Epicuren”) respects your privacy. This Privacy Policy sets forth how we handle information we obtain from you and learn about you when you visit our website. This Privacy Policy addresses the following:
The information we collect:- Access to your information by third parties; - The choices that are available to you regarding how the information is used and to whom it is disseminated; - Your rights to access and correct or update your personally identifiable information; and - Our pledge to have reasonable security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of information under our control.
Information We Collect and How We Use It
Epicuren may collect two types of information about you when you visit our site: personal information (including, by way of example only, your name, address, telephone number, and email address) and non-personal, aggregate information (such as information regarding the pages on our site that you have visited and your IP address).
Personally Identifiable Information
The only personally identifying information that we collect and store about you is the information that you choose to provide to us. We may use the information to send you notifications about our products and about Epicuren events.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We collect and use non-personally identifiable information about you in the following ways: Referrers, IP Addresses and Other Non-Personal Information
Epicuren collects information through “referrers”, IP addresses, and various environmental variables. A “referrer” is information the web browser passes along to the Epicuren web server that references the URL from which you came. The “IP address” is a number used by computers on the network to identify your computer so that data can be transmitted to you. “Environmental variables” include, among other things, the domain from which you access the Internet, the time you accessed our website, the types of web browser and operating system or platform used, the Internet address of the websites you left to visit Epicuren, the names of the pages you visit while at our website and the Internet address of the website you then visit. We collect all of this information to allow us to detect broad demographic trends, to provide information tailored to your interests and to enhance your experience on Epicuren’s website.
Profiling
To help improve our website and to ensure that we make every effort to provide you with information that is of interest to you, we may merge your personally identifiable information with click-stream data and other data we have (including offline data). We will not merge your personally identifiable information in this way without giving you an opportunity to opt-out of any such merge. This opportunity to opt-out will be provided at the time and place of information collection and before data is entered into our system. We may also develop a profile based on your use of our site that does not include any personally identifiable information.
Sharing Your Information with Third Parties
We may share your personally identifiable information (such as your name, address, email address and telephone number) with our affiliates without prior consent. Except (i) as part of our security processes instituted to prevent fraud, and (ii) as part of the management of your account (e.g. credit card processing for purchases), we will not share your personally identifiable information with non-affiliated third parties without your prior consent. In the case that we share your personally identifiable information as part of our security processes or as part of the management of your account as described in this section, we will contractually obligate the third party to protect your personally identifiable information, and to use it only as directed by Epicuren.
Links
This website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of each and every website that they visit. In general, you should be cautious about providing personally identifiable information to websites unless you trust the owner and operator of the website. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected when you visit Epicuren’s website.
Cookies
Epicuren may use cookies to facilitate your experience at our website. By way of example only, cookies may be used to facilitate entry into protected areas, or to remember user preferences. If you do not have cookies enabled in your web browser, some features of our website may not be available to you.
Security
We take precautions to protect your personally identifiable information from inadvertent disclosure and intrusion by third parties. Some of these precautions involve technologies like firewalls and secure access. If you have questions about the security at our websites, you can send an email to customer_service@epicuren.com. Terms of Use
Terms of Use Agreement
This Terms of Use Agreement (“Agreement”) is a legal agreement between you (“User”) and Epicuren Discovery® (“Epicuren”) that governs your use of this website. By utilizing this Epicuren website, User acknowledges that he or she has read, understood, and agrees to comply with the terms and conditions stated within this Agreement.
Epicuren® may amend these terms and conditions at any time. User’s continued use of this website constitutes acceptance of the terms and conditions stated at the time of use.
User Conduct
User agrees that all the information posted or accessed by User will be used only for informational or educational purposes. There will be no commercial or other unauthorized use of interactive features by the User. User will not engage in any conduct or action that is prohibited by law or violates federal, state, or local laws. Users of this site also agree not to distribute, post, publish, or otherwise communicate any content which defames, abuses, or threatens others, which is hateful or racially offensive, or which contains vulgar, obscene, or indecent language or images, or which contains unauthorized copyrighted material or infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other proprietary rights of any party.
Corporate Identification and Trademarks
All registered and/or unregistered trademarks and/or service marks used or referred to on this website are the property of Epicuren and its affiliates unless otherwise noted. Users may not use, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, distribute or modify these marks in any way for any purpose without Epicuren’s prior written permission. The use of Epicuren’s marks on any other website is prohibited.
Proprietary Rights to Content
All material contained in this website is copyrighted except where explicitly noted otherwise. © 2019 Epicuren® All rights reserved.
User acknowledges and agrees that content, including but not limited to text, software, music, sound, photographs, video, graphics or other material contained in this website (“Content”) is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, or other proprietary rights and laws. User understands and agrees that User is not permitted to copy, reproduce, distribute, or create derivative works from this Content or use this Content other than as expressly authorized by this Agreement without Epicuren’s prior, express authorization.
User Submissions
User agrees that any materials (including without limitation, stories, text, pictures) submitted to Epicuren become the sole property of Epicuren, and that User has no rights of any kind to such materials. To the extent that such materials cannot be transferred to Epicuren, User grants Epicuren a world-wide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to modify, use, display, distribute, sub-license, and publish such materials for any purpose.
Links to Third Party Sites
Epicuren may provide Users with links to other websites. These third party sites are not under the control of Epicuren and User acknowledges that Epicuren is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials available from such third party sites. User also agrees that Epicuren shall not be liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of using any third party’s website. In general, you should be cautious about using materials, including software, provided by websites unless you trust the owner and operator of the website.
Limitation of Liability
User expressly understands and agrees that Epicuren shall not be liable for any loss or damage (direct, indirect, punitive, actual, consequential, incidental, special, exempt, or otherwise) resulting from any use of, or inability to use, this website, or resulting from any errors or omissions in the content of this website, regardless of the basis upon which liability is claimed, even if Epicuren has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damage.
Note: Some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so the above exclusions may not apply to you.
Warranty Disclaimers and Liability Limitations
Epicuren Discovery® is the owner, distributor, and publisher of the various products and services described and/or offered for sale on this Website (collectively the "Products"). We make no representation or warrantees with respect to the accuracy, applicability, fitness, non-infringement, or completeness of the contents of this Website or its Products.
The content of this Website and the Products are not intended to substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Always seek out a physician or other qualified professional for questions you have regarding any medical, health, psychological, or dietary condition. The content on this Website is for informational purposes only. You should not rely on the information on this Website and should seek advice of a medical or other appropriate practitioner regarding the regimen or treatment that might be right for you. Many factors will be important in determining your actual results. No guarantees are made that you will achieve any results from the Products.
We expressly disclaim any and all warranties (express or implied) including but not limited to, the warranties of merchantability, or fitness for any particular purpose in connection with the Products or the Website or your use of same. We do not warrant that this Website, its servers, or email sent from the site are free of viruses or other harmful components.
We shall in no event be held liable to you or any other party for any direct, indirect, punitive, special, incidental or other consequential damages arising directly or indirectly from any use of this Website or the Products, all of which are provided "as is", and without warranties of any kind.
We do not warrant the performance, effectiveness or applicability of any sites listed or linked to in this Website or the Products. All links are for information purposes only and are not warranted for content, accuracy, or any other implied or explicit purpose.