https://www.hpsprocess.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyYour privacy is very important to us. At Wally Enterprises, Inc. we have a few fundamental principles that we follow:
We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it. (We can’t stand services that ask you for things like your gender or income level for no apparent reason.)
We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of our site.
Wally Enterprises, Inc. (“Wally Enterprises”) operates several websites including weserveidaho.com, and hpsprocess.com. It is Wally Enterprises’ policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Wally Enterprises collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Wally Enterprises’ purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Wally Enterprises’ visitors use its website. From time to time, Wally Enterprises may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Wally Enterprises also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on our blogs. Wally Enterprises only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that blog commenter IP addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Wally Enterprises’ websites choose to interact with Wally Enterprises in ways that require Wally Enterprises to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Wally Enterprises gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who comment on our blog to provide a username and email address. Those who wish to receive IsItWP updates via email, we collect their emails. In each case, Wally Enterprises collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Wally Enterprises. Wally Enterprises does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Existing clients may log into PST Prostatus through our website via the Client Login button. When clients choose to access our website and then click the Client Login button, it will take them outside the website and to PST’s website at http://www.pstprostatus.net/.
Aggregated Statistics
Wally Enterprises may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, Wally Enterprises may monitor the most popular pages on the list25.com site or use spam screened by the Akismet service to help identify spam. Wally Enterprises may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Wally Enterprises does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Wally Enterprises discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Wally Enterprises’ behalf or to provide services available at Wally Enterprises’ websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Wally Enterprises’ websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Wally Enterprises will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Wally Enterprises discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Wally Enterprises believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Wally Enterprises, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a Wally Enterprises website and have supplied your email address, Wally Enterprises may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Wally Enterprises and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Wally Enterprises takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Wally Enterprises uses cookies to help Wally Enterprises identify and track visitors, their usage of Wally Enterprises website, and their website access preferences. Wally Enterprises visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Wally Enterprises’ websites, with the drawback that certain features of Wally Enterprises’ websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Wally Enterprises, or substantially all of its assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Wally Enterprises goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Wally Enterprises may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Wally Enterprises and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Comments
Comments and other content submitted to Akismet anti-spam service are not saved on our servers unless they were marked as false positives, in which case we store them long enough to use them to improve the service to avoid future false positives.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Wally Enterprises may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Wally Enterprises’ sole discretion. Wally Enterprises encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Headquarters HPS Process Service & Investigations
1669 Jefferson Street
Kansas City, MO 64108
Contact Us Local: 816-842-9800
Toll Free: 800-796-9559
Fax: 816-842-9801
Email: service@hpsprocess.com
Disclaimer The information you obtain at this site is not, nor is it intended to be, legal advice.
MO PI License: 2015009333
KS PI License: A-5650
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OKLearn moreCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Google Analytics Cookies
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
If you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:
Click to enable/disable Google Analytics tracking.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Other cookies
The following cookies are also needed - You can choose if you want to allow them:
Click to enable/disable _ga - Google Analytics Cookie.
Click to enable/disable _gid - Google Analytics Cookie.
Click to enable/disable _gat_* - Google Analytics Cookie.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy Policy
Accept settingsHide notification only