http://www.scenicrv.com/privacy-policy
3155 Scenic Rd. Slinger, WI 53086
E10879 Deer Run Rd. Baraboo, WI 53913
(877) 561-0793
(877) 744-6305
MENU
Search
Search
Advanced Search
HomeContact UsNew RVs
Forest River
Flagstaff Salem
Heartland RVKodiak
Used RVsSpecialsShowroomService
Winterize Your RV
PartsEmploymentBlog
Privacy PolicyScenic Traveler RV Centers Inc respects the privacy of every individual who visits our web sites or responds to our e-mail campaigns. This Privacy Policy outlines the type of information we typically collect from our web sites, online advertisements at other web sites and e-mail campaigns, and how we may use that information. This Policy will also instruct you on what to do if you do not want to share personal information with us.
Your Provision of Personal Information is Voluntary:
At our web sites we may ask you for information such as your name, address, telephone number, date of birth and/or your e-mail address. Your agreement to and provision of such personal information is completely voluntary.
When you do provide us with personal information, unless you are advised otherwise, we may use that information to improve our services or programs or to contact you.  Except as stated in this Policy, we do not sell, transfer or disclose your personal information to third parties unless we have your express consent.
If you do not want information collected from our web sites please do not agree to the collection of information nor submit any information to us.  If you have already submitted personal information and would like us to remove it from our records, please follow the procedure listed in this Policy.
Some Non-Personal Information Is Collected Automatically:
We may automatically collect certain non-personal information when you connect to one of our web sites.  Examples of this type of information include the type of Internet browser used, the type of computer operating system used, the connection speed used and the domain name from the web site from which you linked to our site or advertisement.
When you view one of our web sites, we may store some information on your computer.  This information will be in the form of a “cookie” or similar file and may be used by us to collect other information during you visit to our web sites, such as the particular site areas you visited and the activities in which you participated at our web sites.  The use of cookies is an industry standard and you will find them at most websites.  Please note that with most Internet browsers, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored.   You should refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.
How to Request Removal from Communication Listing:
If you have submitted personal information and opted-in to receive communications from us but would now like to be excluded from these communications, it’s easy to unsubscribe.  Please note that removing you from our communications may take up to two business days, so you may receive additional messages for a short period. We are pleased that you have chosen to visit our site.
BACK TO TOP