http://www.irma-international.org/policies/
Information Resources Management Association
Advancing the Concepts & Practices of Information Resources Management in Modern Organizations
Search IRMA Research
Research IRM
Open Access
IRMA Journals
IRM Books
Proceedings
Membership
The IRMA Community
Calls for Papers
Online Symposium
Newsletters
Research IRM
Click a keyword to search titles using our InfoSci-OnDemand powered search:
Information Systems
Education
Healthcare
Public Administration
Electronic Commerce
Multimedia IS
Computer Science
Business Management
Environmental IS
Library Science
Policies
Shipping Policy | Returns Policy | Privacy Policy
Shipping
The Information Resources Management Association offers two shipping methods to choose from: Express and Standard.
Express shipping includes a tracking number and expedited shipping with delivery times ranging from 2-5 days for orders shipped within the United States, and 1-3 weeks for orders shipped outside of the United States. A confirmation e-mail including the tracking number is provided upon shipment.
Note: Express shipping is not available for shipments to P.O. Boxes or to the country of Iran.
Standard shipping offers a discounted shipping rate with delivery times ranging from 1-2 weeks for orders shipped within the United States, and 3-6 weeks for orders shipped outside of the United States. A confirmation e-mail is provided upon shipment.
Note: Standard shipping is applied to all journal subscription orders and may take 3-6 weeks for delivery. All available journal issues for the purchased subscription year will be shipped upon order completion. Any remaining journal issues will be shipped immediately upon their release, as journal issues are released on a quarterly or semi-annual basis.
When shipping outside of the United States, Information Resources Management Association is not responsible for any duties or taxes associated with order delivery.
All Shipments are made from: Information Resources Management Association, 701 E. Chocolate Ave, Hershey, PA 17033, USA.
Returns
The Information Resources Management Association accepts returns when prior authorization is provided. Returns must be authorized within 7 days of the invoice date (within 14 days for international customer) and items must arrive back to our warehouse in their original condition. Information Resources Management Association is not responsible for any return shipping charges. No refunds will be provided for electronic products purchased on our website.
Claims for missing or damaged publications will be honored up to three months in the United States and six months for international orders. Please apply in writing to the customer service email below giving full details of the claim(s). All claims are subject to review.
Please contact customer service at member@irma-international.org or (717) 533-8845 x100 for return authorization inquiries.
Privacy
This is the website of the Information Resources Management Association. The postal address of the publishing company is 701 E Chocolate Ave Hershey, PA 17033. The Information Resources Management Association can be reached via e-mail at member@irma-international.org or by telephone at (717) 533-8845.
For each visitor to the Information Resources Management Association website, the web server automatically recognizes the consumer's domain name and e-mail address (where possible).
We collect the domain name and e-mail address (where possible) of visitors to our website, the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, the e-mail addresses of those who make postings to our chat areas, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of the website, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, used to notify consumers about updates to our website, disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, alert visitors to new areas that we think might be of interest to them when they return to our site, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site, customize website content based on visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address, or visiting us at http://www.irma-international.org.
From time to time, we make the e-mail addresses of those who access our site available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your e-mail address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address, writing to us at the above address, or visiting us at http://www.irma-international.org.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address, writing to us at the above address, or visiting us at http://www.irma-international.org.
Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our website to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our website periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address, or visiting us at http://www.irma-international.org.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to a description of information that we maintain about them.
Consumers can access this information by e-mail us at the above address, write to us at the above address, writing to us at the above address, or visiting us at http://www.irma-international.org.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address, or visiting us at http://www.irma-international.org.
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial or health information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors through a pop-up screen on our site, We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
IRMA Offers Over
2,500 Full Text
Open Access Research
Papers for Free Download
Click to Start Searching
Free IRM Research!
IRMA Sponsors
About Us |
Contact |
Sitemap |
Legal |
Policies
Copyright ©2020, Information Resources Management Association. 701 East Chocolate Avenue, Hershey, PA 17033.