http://www.assa.co.uk/en/privacy-centre/privacy-notice/
Skip to main content
ResidentialCommercialWhitepapersSpecification & BIMProductsNewsDoP
Webshop
Contact
About us
Search
Privacy NoticePrivacy Contact Centre Cookie PolicyGeneral Terms & ConditionsLegal NoticeGeneral Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Privacy Notice
ASSA ABLOY Opening Solutions UK & Ireland
is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy notice describes:
the types of personal data we collect from you in connection with this website;
how we use that information and why;
who we share it with and where;
how long we store it for;
your rights , including how you can contact us if you have additional questions about the processing of your personal data; and
how we can make changes to this notice
ASSA ABLOY Opening Solutions UK & Ireland, company registered in England and Wales under number 2096505, of School Street, Willenhall, West Midlands, WV13 3PW, United Kingdom as "data controller" is responsible for the processing of your personal data.
For further information on our use of cookies, please see our Cookie Policy.
We collect and store:
Your name, company name, country, email and/or telephone number which you submit in order to sign-up for electronic direct marketing, request an expert consultation or other information from us.
In addition to the information your submit we are gathering your IP address to serve you with geographically-relevant content and personalisation purposes.
Close
Why do we process this personal data?
What is the legal basis for processing?
To provide you with the information you request via the website.
Using your personal data in this way is necessary for us to respond to your request.
To carry out statistical analysis about the use of the website to better understand how our website is used and make improvements to it.
It is in our legitimate interest to look at this information to understand how our website is being used, and to manage and improve it. Since no sensitive personal data will be processed and the processing is limited, we have concluded that our legitimate interest to conduct the analysis and improvements takes precedence over your privacy interest.
To better understand your interests and preferences, in order to provide you with an experience and contents that are tailored to those interests and preferences, for example through use of behavioural analysis, marketing automation and voice of the customer activities via surveys.
It is in our legitimate interest to look at the preferences that we derive from your browsing behaviour and answers you willingly provide to voice of the customer activities so that we can personalise your user experience and the contents we serve you where this is in line with your marketing choices (see below).
To send you communications and contents about relevant solutions and services, in accordance with your marketing preferences.
We will only send you relevant content where we have your consent to do so.
To offer you guided solution selection tools to assist you with selecting the correct product or service.
Using your personal data in this way is necessary for us to respond to your request.
To comply with legal requirements to which we are subject, such as tax or financial reporting requirements.
Using your personal data in this way is necessary for us to comply with our legal obligations.
Close
We may transfer your personal data for the purposes set out above:
To organisations of the ASSA ABLOY Group, including but not limited to our brands such as ABLOY, Mul-T-Lock or Yale, that market, sell and support our solutions in your country when you sign-up for an expert consultation or request information from us
To third parties who provide services connected to this website or its functions, but only to the extent necessary to provide these services:---> IT (Information Technology) providers who host, develop and offer support for this website---> Digital Analytics providers who provide us with tools that help us improve your experience on our website
When required by law; and/or
To a buyer or a potential future buyer of our business.
Some recipients are located in countries outside the EU/European Economic Area (EEA). As in some cases these countries have a lower level of protection than that within the EU/EEA, when transferring personal data to countries outside the EU/EEA we use standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission to ensure a sufficient level of protection for your personal data. These standard contractual clauses can be found at ec.europa.eu.
We take measures to protect all personal data transferred to a third party, or to other countries, in accordance with applicable data protection laws and as stated above.
Close
We store personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purpose for which the data has been collected, and in accordance with our internal record retention schedule. This means that we delete your personal data when such data is no longer necessary to process a request or to manage our relationship. Statistics which have been anonymised may be saved for longer.
Close
In relation to the personal data that we hold about you, you have the right to:
Request a copy of your personal data from our records;
Ask that we correct or erase your personal data (though this may mean that we cannot process requests or orders, or that your account expires);
Ask us to stop processing your personal data (for example as regards the use of the data to improve our website), or restrict how we process it (for example if you deem the data to be incorrect);
Request the personal data used to provide you with information you requested, process an order, or manage your account or our relationship in a machine-readable format, which you are entitled to transfer to another data controller; and
Withdraw your consent to us processing your data for marketing purposes at any time.
We may not accept a request to erase your personal data where we require it to comply with a legal obligation or in relation to a legal claim.
Requests to exercise your rights should be addressed to our Rights Request Manager.
If you have a complaint regarding our processing of your personal data you are entitled to report this to the ICO (Information Commissioner’s Office) at ico.org.uk or to the supervisory authority where you live or work if different, list of which can be found at ec.europa.eu.
Close
We may update this privacy notice from time to time in response to changing legal, regulatory or operational requirements. We will notify you of any such changes (including when they will take effect). Your continued use of the website after any such updates take effect will constitute acceptance of those changes. If you do not accept any updates to this privacy notice, you should stop using this website.
Close