https://www.janina.com/privacy-policy/
Janina Ultra White - Low abrasion teeth whitening
+
JANINA
Privacy Policy
Janina is a Secure Site.
1. That the original URL you are visiting comes from www.janina.com2. The status of the server certificate is valid.
Privacy Policy Statement
This document sets out the privacy and cookies policy of Brodie & Stone International Plc (trading as Brodie & Stone International Plc) (“we”/”us” and “our”) and explains how we use your personal information (meaning any information about you which is personally identifiable such as your name, address, telephone number or email address and is generally referred to throughout this policy as “Your Information”) collected through BRODIE & STONE INTERNATIONAL PLC (the “Website”). This Privacy Policy together with our Terms & Conditions of use sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
Who are We?
Brodie & Stone International Plc is a company registered in England, under registration number 03701249 and our registered address is 53 Frith Street, London, W1D 4SN.
Information We Collect
We may collect and process the following data about you:• details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders;• information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website or information that you otherwise provide to us. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Website (including your email address, name, address and/or telephone number) or requesting further information. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our site; if you contact us we may keep a record of that correspondence.
How We Use Your Information
We use your information in the following ways:• to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer;• to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes;• to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;• to notify you about changes to our service;• if you do not want us to use your data in this way please update your marketing preferences by contacting us at Brodie & Stone International Plc (janina@brodieandstone.com)
Cookies
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system information and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns and does not identify any individual.Please consult our Cookie Policy for further information about the us of cookies on Brodie & Stone International Plc.
Will We Share Your Information With Third Parties?
We may disclose your information to third parties:• if we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose our personal data to the prospective buyer or seller of such business or assets;• if Brodie & Stone International Plc or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by Brodie & Stone International Plc will be one of the transferred assets;• if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Brodie & Stone International Plc, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Will We Transfer Your Information Overseas?
The information that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who works for us or one of our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Data Security
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted. We use 256-bit SSL Software to encrypt your payment card information when you place an order on our secure server. For your added security all payment transactions are processed automatically by PayPal and we are not party to your personal credit card or bank details. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
The security of personal data is important to us. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will take all reasonable measures to ensure the security of your data we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
Changes to this Privacy and Cookies Policy
We are constantly looking for new ways to improve this Website. We may amend this Privacy and Cookies Policy from time to time. All such changes will take effect once they have been posted on the site and you will be deemed to have accepted any such changes by your use of the site from time to time.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions regarding this Privacy and Cookies Policy or about any information we hold about you by emailing us at Brodie & Stone International Plc (janina@brodieandstone.com). You can also send a letter by mail to: Brodie & Stone International Plc, 53 Frith Street, London, W1D 4SN.
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of the information we hold about you, please contact us a Brodie & Stone International Plc (janina@brodieandstone.com), 53 Frith Street, London, W1D 4SN. We may make a charge of £10 for this.
We want to make sure that Your Information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate by contacting us at Brodie & Stone International Plc, (janina@brodieandstone.com) 53 Frith Street, London, W1D 4SN.
You have the right to ask us not to use Your Information for marketing purposes. To change your marketing preferences, or to unsubscribe, please contact us at janina@brodieandstone.com.
We hope that you will be happy with the way we handle your information. You always have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner in relation to our activities – for more information visit http://www.dataprotection.gov.je/cms/.