http://www.timesportusa.com/tme_int_en/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
TIME uses "cookies" to offer you the best consumer service. Use of this website constitutes your consent to application of such laws and regulations and to our Privacy Policy. More informations
New Collection
Discover
NEW CYCLO PEDALS
Discover
New OSMOS cycling shoes
Discover
Our french expertise
Discover
Menu
Bikes
Alpe d'Huez 01
Lightweight, stiff, race geometry, discover our Alpe d'Huez 01 roadbike range.
Alpe d'Huez 21
<p>Lightweight, TIME prestige at a lower cost, race geometry, discover our Alpe d'Huez 21 roadbike range. </p>
Scylon
The association of powerful and aerodynamism for sprint races.
Fluidity
Comfortable, adapted to long rides.
Bike equipment
TIME handlebars and stems are the perfect complement to any frame, all with the same finishing and performance you can expect from TIME.
MTB Pedals
Enduro
Fast, predictable entry in all conditions. Entering pedal at top of pedal stroke allows rider to engage pedal fast, as well as prior to power phase of pedal stroke.
Cross-country, Cyclocross
With a compact body shape, the XC collection is a perfect match for XC, Gravel, and CX bikes.
Downhill
Discover our DH pedals, large body shape which doubles as a platform when not clipped in.
Hybrid
A pedal with two different sides: One clipless side for using the same system as our MX pedals, and one concaved platform side.
Accessories
MTB cleats: heel release angles range from 10* to 17*, which allows the rider to set up the pedal for their preferences and riding style.
ROAD Pedals
Xpro, Xpresso
The pedal is your connection to your bike and the link to the incredible experiences that only the road can provide.
Cyclo
Cyclo offers the ease of entry of Xpresso with the two-hole cleat pattern of mountain pedals.
Accessories
Improvements in 2018 included better durability, improved grip, and a wider front tab, all of which improves usable life for cleat.
Clothing
Women
Performing and elegant clothes for women. Jersey and bibshorts.
Men
Performing and elegant clothes for men. Jersey and bibshorts.
Accessories
Performing and elegant clothes for women and men. Gloves, socks and water bottle.
Shoes
Cycling Shoes
Meet the most comfortable and best-performing cycling footwear in the world.
Contact
Dealers
Brand
News
Pedal tech
Bike tech
Our story
Account
Country
en
Language/Country
France
International
Get a Quote for
Customer Name
Customer Email
Phone Number
Comment
Submit