http://www.ehdarkandson.com.au/page/privacy_policy.html
Home
Products
S Traps
P Traps
Bottle Traps
Double Bowl Connectors
Double Basin Connectors
Adaptors / Ruffs
Cap & Liner
Flush Pipe & Nut
Cap Nut & Rubber
Trouble Traps
Trap Nuts
Trap Extention
Trap Washers
Gallery
Location
Quick Inquiry
Protection of InformationE. H. Dark & Son Pty. Ltd. values the trust its customers place in the company. Accordingly, we adhere to the highest ethical standards in gathering, using and safeguarding customer information that is entrusted to the company. Use and Collection of Customer InformationE. H. Dark & Son does not rent, sell or exchange information about its customers.  Access to information about our customers is restricted to our family of business.  Third parties that need access to our customer information in order to provide operational or other support services to E. H. Dark & Son must agree to safeguard customer information in strict compliance with E. H. Dark & Son policy. E. H. Dark & Son gathers only the customer information that is needed to administer its business, provide superior service and communicate offers on merchandise and services that we believe will be of interest to you. E. H. Dark & Son limits access to customer information to those employees who need it to carry out their business functions.  At E. H. Dark & Son, we educate our employees about our policies and practices in regard to safeguarding customer information; preventing unauthorized access, use or disclosure of customer information and ensuring its proper handling. Accuracy and Security of Customer InformationE. H. Dark & Son makes all reasonable efforts to ensure that the customer information it maintains is accurate, timely and secure. E. H. Dark & Son will monitor and adopt, as appropriate, new technological developments that are designed to aid in ensuring the accuracy and security of customer information. E. H. Dark & Son enforces its policies in regard to gathering, access and use of personal customer information by its employees and authorized third parties. Personally Identifiable InformationE. H. Dark & Son’s World Wide Web site, www.ehdarkandson.com.au, collects personally identifiable information (such as name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address) from Web site visitors only when visitors voluntarily provide such information to us.  Web site visitors who do not want their personally identifiable information collected online are asked not to submit such information to E. H. Dark & Son. Visitors to our web site are informed that when they provide us with personally identifiable information online, that information is kept within the E. H. Dark & Son family of businesses.  Visitors are further informed that, unless specifically stated otherwise, the personally identifiable information may be stored and used by E. H. Dark & Son to better understand our customers' needs, to improve our products and services, and to contact our customers regarding offers that may be of interest to them. If E. H. Dark & Son Web site visitors previously provided their e-mail addresses to us and would like to have their e-mail addresses removed from our e-mail mailing lists, E. H. Dark & Son asks them to send an e-mail message to administrator@ehdarkandson.com.au. E. H. Dark & Son informs such visitors that it will use reasonable efforts to delete their e-mail addresses from its existing files. ChildrenE. H. Dark & Son has no intention of collecting personally identifiable information (name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address) from children (individuals under the age of 13) online and using that information for marketing purposes. Where appropriate, E. H. Dark & Son will specifically instruct children not to submit such information on our Web site. If a child has provided E. H. Dark & Son with an e-mail address, we will ask that a parent or guardian of the child contact john@ehdarkandson.com.au if they would like the e-mail address deleted from E. H. Dark & Son e-mail mailing lists. E.H. Dark & Son informs customers that it will use reasonable efforts to delete such e-mail addresses from its existing files. Personally Identifiable Information Collected AutomaticallyThe E.H. Dark & Son  Web Site may collect information from Web site visitors that is not personally-identifiable, including the visitor's operating system, browser, domain name, and the specific web pages on the E.H. Dark & Son Web site that are accessed or visited. E.H. Dark & Son only collects this information in the aggregate, and only uses it to improve our Web site. Information Placed Automatically on Visitors' ComputersE.H. Dark & Son informs Web site visitors that when they visit our Web site, we may store some information on the visitor's computer in the form of a "cookie" or similar file. These files allow us to tailor a Website to reflect a customer's listed or historical preferences. Most Web browsers allow Web users to exercise control over such files on their computers by erasing them, blocking them, or notifying the user when such a file is stored. E.H. Dark & Son Web site visitors are asked to refer to their browser's instructions to learn about those functions.
3/391 Enmore Rd. Marrickville NSW 2204 Australia
P. (02) 9519 1622
F. (02) 9550 1493
E.
john@ehdarkandson.com.au
Privacy Policy