http://www.lauraoverton.com/private-policy/
Home
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which laser path tech collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users of the http://www.LAURAOVERTON.com website.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
LAURAOVERTON may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To run and operate our Site
We may need your information display content on the Site correctly.
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
LAURAOVERTON has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please Contact Us.
Search for:
Recent Posts
5 Most Common Boiler Problems
How to Hire a Gas Safe Engineer
The Importance of Gas Safety Check
Recent Comments Archives
February 2018
January 2018
December 2017
Windows Maintenance Blogposts5 Most Common Boiler Problems February 1, 2018The job of our central heating system is to produce a continuous supply of hot water and heat. It’s most useful during cold seasons like winter, when there’s snow everywhere and both the air and water are cold. Just like any appliances, boiler gets damaged too. Once it does, it will affect the normal routine […]How to Hire a Gas Safe Engineer  January 3, 2018Whether you want to hire someone who will work on your gas safety check, boiler installation, or just do a general maintenance on your gas and plumbing pipework, you have to be considerate and smart.     Make sure that the one you hire is a registered gas safe engineer. They are qualified to work on domestic […]The Importance of Gas Safety Check  December 6, 2017One of the jobs of homeowners and landlords is to ensure that their properties are gas safe and carbon monoxide incident free. It’s a property maintenance that needs to be considered by everyone who has had gas installations in their home. This maintenance check should be done by a Gas safe registered engineer in Birmingham so he […] Categories
Boiler Problems
Gas
Gas Safe Engineer
Designed by
Elegant Themes