https://www.vistarailings.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy Vista Railing Systems
TERMS OF SERVICE
By entering this site you acknowledge and agree that your use is at your own risk and that none of the parties involved in creating, producing, or delivering this site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages, or any other losses, costs, or expenses or any kind (including legal fees, expert fees, or other disbursements) which may arise, directly or indirectly, through the access to, use of, or browsing of this site or through your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio from this site, including but not limited to anything caused by any viruses, bugs, human action or inaction or any computer system, phone line, hardware, software or program malfunctions, or any other errors, failures or delays in computer transmissions or network connections.
USE OF CONTENT AND IMAGES
By entering this site you acknowledge and agree that any name, logo, trademark, or service mark contained on this site is owned or licensed by Vista Railing Systems Ltd. and may not be used by you without prior written approval. Any unauthorized use of these materials may subject you to penalties or damages, including but not limited to those related to violation of trademarks, copyrights, privacy, and publicity rights. Vista Railing Systems Ltd. is the copyright owner of everything on this site and no portion of this site, including but not limited to the text, and images may be used in any manner, or for any purpose, without Vista Railing Systems Ltd.’s written permission. Modification of the material on this site for any purpose violates Vista Railing Systems Ltd.’s legal rights.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
Vista Railing Systems Ltd. is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Vista Railing Systems Ltd. collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
REGISTRATION
In order to request more information, a user must first complete a registration form. During registration a user is required to give their contact information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest. We encourage all users to provide as much information as possible, so that we can provide a more personalized experience on our site.
DEALERSHIP OPPORTUNITIES – ONLINE APPLICATION
We request information from the user on our Dealer Application form. Here a user must provide contact information (like name and address) and answer a few questions. This information is used solely to familiarize us with your company to anticipate and better serve your business needs. If we have trouble with the application, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
COOKIES
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is used to remember users when they return to our site. The cookie will persist on your hard drive for 365 days, at which time it will be deleted. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site. The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas of our site and may have to enter personal information more than once. For example, the user will not be able to access our developer or partner areas. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Some of our business partners use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
ONLINE ADVERTISING
We use Google Remarketing to advertise to you on other website. Google’s Adwords remarketing system will store a cookie on your computer when you visit our website. After visiting our website, when you visit other websites that are part of Google’s advertising network, our ads could appear to you because you have already visited our website previously. This allows us to remind you about our great services and products.
If you wish to not participate in our Google Adwords Remarketing, you are free to opt out by visiting Google’s Ads Preferences Manager or the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
WEBSITE ANALYTICS
We use Google Analytics to help us track user actions on our website. Google Analytics can collect non-personal information such as cookies, IP addresses, device and software identifiers, referring and exit URLs, onsite behavior and usage information, feature use metrics and statistics, usage and purchase history, MAC Address, mobile unique device ID, and other similar information. Google Analytics does not collect your personal information.
If you do not wish to be tracked by Google Analytics you may opt out by visiting the Google Analytics opt-out page.
LOG FILES
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
SHARING
We will share aggregate demographic information with our partners and dealership base. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person. We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. We partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
LINKS
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Vista Railing Systems Ltd. is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site.
SECURITY
This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line. When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry – SSL. While on a secure page, such as our Dealer Application Form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just ‘surfing’. To learn more about SSL, follow this link. While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Furthermore, all employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. On an annual basis, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers’ information is protected. Finally, the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment, behind a locked door. If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to sales@vistarailings.com.
SPECIAL OFFERS
We send all new members a welcoming email to verify password and username. Established members will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see our choices to opt-out on the Warranty Registration page or contact us directly to opt-out via email to sales@vistarailings.com.
SITE AND SERVICE UPDATES
We also send the user site and service announcement updates. Members are not able to un-subscribe from service announcements, which contain important information about the service. We communicate with the user to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via email or phone.
CORRECTION/UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATION
If a user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user’s personal data provided to us. This can be done by emailing sales@vistarailings.com.
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Deck Railing Kits
Traditional
Tuscany
Somerset
Clearview
Cable Infill
Aluminum Railing Accessories
Aluminum Railing Colours
Aluminum Railing Styles
Aluminum Gates
Cap Drink Rail Adapter
Deck Railing Kit Accessories
Wood Deck Posts
Rail Hanger Brackets
Stair Angled Adapters
Baluster Connectors
Stair Baluster Connectors
Learn
How-to Guides & Videos
Installation Instructions
Vista University (login required)
FAQ
Style & Simplicity About Vista
Who We Are
News
History
Community
Sitemap
© 2020 Vista | Privacy Policy | Disclaimer