https://www.idsupershop.com/privacy-policy/
At ID Super Shop, helping you manage privacy and the protection of personal information is among our primary concerns to prevent online fraud and identification theft. That’s why, when you choose ID Super Shop, we help you maintain control over personal information about you. Below are the guidelines we use for protecting the information you provide us during your experience with our company through any means, such as when you use our website, interact with us through our products and other services, when we speak with you over the telephone, and if you work directly with our technical support teams. We also want you to be aware that we take careful measures surrounding the information that you provide through any of our online support offerings or support applications loaded on your computer.
This privacy statement governs only personal information we collect from our customers and online from our web site users (“you”), through ID Super Shop products, services, software, web sites, contacts or our relationship with you. For the purposes of this privacy statement, “Personal information” means information which identifies you, such as your name, telephone number, and e-mail address. In some cases, the policy may be tailored to account for variances in law in a particular country. However, this policy is intended to be global in nature.
Information We Collect
We collect the information you give us in order to provide you products and services, inform you about our products and fulfill your orders and service requests.
We work with consumer marketing companies to help us better target our services and product communications to you.
We use cookies and other Internet technologies to manage our web sites and e-mail programs, to offer you personalized experiences and to help us manage our web sites.
When you access our web sites, we will log your IP address in our web server logs. We also collect related information such as browser type, operating system, and Web pages visited to help manage our web sites.
How We Use Personal Information
We use personal information to deliver the services and support, or to carry out the transactions you have requested.
We use the information collected to send communications to you, such as product safety information, your transactions status (for example, order confirmations), information about products and services available from ID Super Shop and its corporate affiliates, promotional offers, and surveys.
We use the information to customize, analyze, and improve our products, services (including our web site), technologies, communications and relationship with you.
We use the information to enforce our conditions of sale, web site terms and/or separate contracts (if applicable) with you.
We use information to prevent fraud and other prohibited or illegal activities.
Your Choices
You may instruct ID Super Shop to stop sending you certain promotional materials (e.g., email messages, catalogs) by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in our materials.
You may contact ID Super Shop to determine the types of personal information that we process and to correct or update your personal information.
Protecting Personal Information
We understand the importance of ensuring that your personal information is secure and protected. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect personal information from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure.
Disclosing Personal Information
We share your personal information with corporate affiliates to carry out transactions you request or to make our business or that of our corporate affiliates more responsive to your needs.
We may share your personal information with business partners that help ID Super Shop carry out transactions you request or that help ID Super Shop to customize, analyze and/or improve our communications or relationship with you, and then only with business partners who share ID Super Shop’s commitment to protecting your personal information.
We may disclose your personal information in connection with law enforcement, fraud prevention, or other legal action as required by law or regulation, or if ID Super Shop reasonably believes it is necessary to protect ID Super Shop, its customers or the public.
Except as described above, we will not disclose your personal information to other third parties unless you have provided consent.
Other Important Information
ID Super Shop is committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of complaints or concerns about privacy.
ID Super Shop complies with data protection laws in the countries in which we do business, and we cooperate with data protection authorities and law enforcement agencies.
Contact Us
At ID Super Shop, your questions, comments and feedback are very important to us. For privacy-related issues, please contact us.
Shopping cart
close
close
Search
Start typing to see products you are looking for.
Menu
Categories
Terms
Privacy Policy
Request a Quote
ID Card Printers
ID Card Software
ID Cards
Cameras
Printer Ribbons
Accessories