http://www.cambridgeconnectors.com/privacy
About Us
Company Profile
Company Presentation
Company History
Markets Served
Supply Partners
Quality
Environmental Policies and Statements
ISO Certification
IPC/WHMA-A-620 Certification
News
Virtual Vision
Coronavirus
Brexit
Press Releases & News
Upcoming Shows
Job Vacancies
Connectors
Coaxial Connectors
Automated Placement Connectors
5G
BNC
Micro BNC
DIN 1.0 / 2.3
Changeable Interface
Stacking Systems
Two Part System
F Connector
Mini BNC
MCX
TNC
SMA
SMB
DIN 1.6 / 5.6
Adaptors - Inter Series
Accessories
'N' Series
Plating Options
Processing Notes
Xtensa CXP Repeater Range
DIN41612 Connectors
B Body
C Body
D Body
I Body
M Body
Q Body
R Body
Accessories
D Type Connectors
Standard / Filtered
Mixed Layout
Waterproof
Piggy Back
High Density
Accessories
Card Edge
1.00mm [.039"]
1.27mm [.050"]
1.98mm [.078"]
2.00mm [.079"]
2.54mm [.100"]
3.18mm [.125"]
3.96mm [0.156"]
Tooling
D Type
DIN 41612
Coaxial
Cables
12GHz Patch Cables and Adaptors
6GHz Patch Cables and Adaptors
3GHz Patch Cables and Adaptors
Cable Looms
Coaxial / RF Assemblies
CoaXPressTM Cables
Datacom Cables
DIN 41612 Cable Assemblies
Mains Power Cables
MDR Cables
Panels
Fibre Cable Assemblies
Telco and Telecom Cables
Semi Rigid Cable Assemblies
Bespoke Design
Connectors
Cable Assemblies
Integrated Solutions
Semi Rigid Cables
Catalogues
Catalogues and Guides
Supply Partners Catalogues
CEI Worldwide
UK Head Office
Worldwide
Asia
Australia & New Zealand
Europe & Middle East
North America
CEI Foundation
About The CEI Foundation
CEI Foundation - Current Projects
CEI Foundation - Continuing Projects
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Website privacy policy
This privacy policy sets out how Cambridge Electronic Industries Ltd uses and protects any information that you give Cambridge Electronic Industries Ltd when you use this website.
Cambridge Electronic Industries Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Cambridge Electronic Industries Ltd may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 6th November 2017.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.Third Party ContactsWe never sell your details to a third party contact and will only ever pass on your details to provide you with a better service and in particular for the following reasons:We have a local distributor, who will be your main contact. Please be aware that countries outside the EU may not have the same legislation requirement for GDPR (General Data Protection Regulations)
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website contains links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at sales@cambridgeelectronics.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998 and General Data Protection Regulation 2018. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Cambridge Electronic Industries Ltd, Pembroke Avenue, Denny Industrial Centre, Waterbeach, Cambridge, Cambridgeshire, CB25 9QR, with evidence of identification, as we may not be able to release information, if we are unsure you are the person named in the request. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.