http://www.uspipe.com/about-us/privacy-policy
Customer Portal
Toll -free: 866-DIP-PIPE
Products
Ductile Iron Pipe
TYTON JOINT Ductile Iron Pipe
TR FLEX Restrained Joint Pipe
HP LOK Restrained Joint Pipe and Fittings
TR-XTREME Restrained Joint Pipe
HDSS High Pressure Restrained Pipe with Deflection
Seismic & Earthquake Resistant Ductile Iron Pipe (ERDIP)
Mechanical Joint Pipe
Flanged Pipe
USIFLEX Ductile Iron Pipe
BOLT-LOK™ Restrained Joint Pipe
MECH-LOK™ Restrained Joint Pipe
Welded Outlets for Ductile Iron Pipe
Fittings
M-FLEX 15° Deflection Fitting
TR FLEX® Restrained Joint Fittings
Mechanical Joint Fittings
Adapt-A-Bell Mechanical Joint Threaded Adapter
TRIM TYTON® Ductile Iron Fittings
TYTON® Fittings
Flanged Fittings
TR FLEX® and HP LOK® Telescoping Sleeves
TR TELE FLEX™ Coupling
XTRA FLEX® Fittings
Ductile Iron Saddle Outlets
Gaskets
Tyton Gasket
FIELD LOK 350® Gaskets
FIELD LOK 350® - Red Gasket
RING FLANGE-TYTE® Gaskets
MJ FIELD LOK® Gaskets
Full Face Flange Tyte Gasket
Special Coatings & Linings
Metallic Zinc Coating for Ductile Iron Pipe
V-Bio Polyethylene Encasement
Polyethylene Encasement for Ductile Iron Pipe
Protecto 401 Lined Pipe and Fittings
International (Spanish / metric)
TYTON JOINT Ductile Iron Pipe International
TR FLEX Restrained Joint Pipe - International
HP LOK Restrained Joint Pipe and Fittings - International
Ductile Iron Flanged Pipe & Fittings - International
U.S. Pipe Fabrication
About Us
Products
Fabricated Ductile Iron Pipe
Grooved Ductile Iron Pipe
Welded Outlets for Ductile Iron Pipe
Fittings (all types)
Anchor Pipe (Welded & Snap on)
Wall Pipe & Thrust Collars
Specialty Lining & Coatings
Steel Fabrications
Tools, Valve Wrenches, Supports, Hangers
Price Lists
Submittal Documents
Quality Control
ANSI / AWWA Standards
Export Sales
Case Studies
Our Capabilities
Technical Tools
U.S. Pipe App
Installation Videos
Bridge Crossing Technical Video
HDSS Installation On-Site
4"-24" FIELD LOK Installation
4"-24" FIELD LOK Disassembly
4"-20" TR FLEX Joint Installation
24"-36" TR FLEX Joint Installation & TYTON Gasket Installation
4"-20" TR FLEX Gripper Ring Installation
24"-36" TR FLEX Gripper Ring Installation
30"-64" HP LOK Installation
TR XTREME Installation
Field Rounding & Jacking of Pipe
Product and On-Site Videos
HDSS Pipe High Pressure Restrained Joint With Added Deflection
64" Pipe With P401 In South Carolina To Replace Concrete
Technical Resource Video - Bridge Crossing Planning & Installation
TR XTREME Seismic Pipe installed in Oregon
TYTON And TR FLEX Bridge Crossing In North Carolina
U.S. Pipe - Lake Crossing With Zinc Coated TR FLEX
Manufacturing of Ductile Iron Pipe with Zinc Coating
U.S. Pipe Metalfit
Technical Information & Downloads
Request a Lunch & Learn
Horizontal Directional Drilling (HDD) Calculator with HDSS or TR FLEX Pipe
Horizontal Directional Drilling / Trenchless Applications and Pulling Heads
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
About Us
Our Vision, Our Mission, Our Values
News and Projects
Our Team
About Forterra
Industry Links
Terms & Conditions of Sale/Purchase
Website Conditions of Use
Accessibility
Privacy Policy
Contacts & Locations
Contact Form
U.S. Pipe Contacts - Ductile Iron
U.S. Pipe Fabrication Contacts
U.S. Pipe Contacts - Engineering
U.S. Pipe Manufacturing Facilities Map
Careers
About Us
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
U.S. Pipe Site Privacy Policy
Revised: January 1, 2020
Please read this document carefully before accessing or using the internet website at www.uspipe.com (the “Site”).  By accessing or using the site, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth below. If you do not wish to be bound by these terms and conditions, you may not access or use the site and should immediately cease such use.
Introduction
U.S. Pipe , Inc. and each of its subsidiaries (collectively, “U.S. Pipe ”, the "Company" or "We") respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the Site and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect:
On this Site;
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Site; and
Through mobile and desktop applications you download from this Site, which may provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and this Site.
This policy does not apply to information collected by:
Us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by U.S. Pipe  or any third party; or
Any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from the Site.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Site. By accessing or using this Site, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy). Your continued use of this Site after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Children Under the Age of 16
Our Site is not intended for children under 16 years of age. No one under age 16 may provide any personal information to the Site. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information on this Site. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at info@uspipe.com.com
California residents under 16 years of age may have additional rights regarding the collection and sale of their personal information. Please see Your California Privacy for more information.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Site, including information:
By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline ("personal information");
That is about you but individually does not identify you, such as any information you provide to us about your needs; and/or
About your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Site, and usage details.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us; and
Automatically as you navigate through the site, including usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, and other tracking technologies.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Site may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Site, including information provided at the time of requesting further services and information when you report a problem with our Site;
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us; and
Your search queries on the Site.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our Site, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Site, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Site.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
The information we collect automatically does not include personal information, but we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Site and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns;
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Site according to your individual interests;
Speed up your searches; and
Recognize you when you return to our Site.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Site.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Site may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Site. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
Web Beacons. Pages of our the Site may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Site and its contents to you;
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us;
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection;
To notify you about changes to our Site or any products or services we offer or provide though it;
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information; and
For any other purpose with your consent.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates;
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business;
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of U.S. Pipe ’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by U.S. Pipe  about our Site users is among the assets transferred;
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it;
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information; and
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request;
To enforce or apply our terms of use at www.uspipe.com/termsofuse or terms of sale and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes; and
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of U.S. Pipe, our customers, or others.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe's website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
California residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. Please see Your California Privacy Rights for more information.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights, visit www.uspipe.com/californiaprivacynotice.
Data Security
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Site. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Site and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at info@uspipe.com.
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn
Google Plus
Forterra Site
Terms & Conditions of Sale/Purchase
Accessibility
Privacy Policy
Website Conditions of Use
Patents
Copyright © 2020 U.S. Pipe. All rights reserved.
Back to the Top