https://www.mjcpa.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
COVID-19 ImpactClient Services
Client Portal Secure Document Upload Make A Payment
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: June 4, 2020
Please carefully read this Privacy Policy.
Notice to California residents: Please also read our California Privacy Policy, which is accessible here.
At Mauldin & Jenkins, LLC (“Mauldin & Jenkins”), we are committed to respecting and protecting your privacy. We do so in accordance with applicable U.S. federal, state and local laws. Mauldin & Jenkins has implemented technical, administrative and physical measures to safeguard any personal information that we may collect.
This Privacy Policy:
describes the type of personal information we collect, how we may use such information, and with whom we may share such information,
describes measures we take to protect personal information, and
tells you how you can:
access, or request us to change or delete, certain personal information we maintain about you,
withdraw consent you gave us previously,
ask us to stop sending you certain communications, and
request us to answer your questions about our privacy practices.
This Privacy Policy applies only to Mauldin & Jenkins. It does not apply to any affiliate of Mauldin & Jenkins or to any third party. This Privacy Policy does not apply to personal information collected about Mauldin & Jenkins’ employees or applicants for employment except for information submitted by applicants through our website.
Should you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us as described in the “How to Contact Us” section of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers the following topics:
Personal Information We Collect
How We Use the Personal Information We Collect
Cookies
No Selling of Personal Information; Sharing Information
Data Retention
How We Protect Your Personal Information
Your Options Regarding Your Personal Information
California Privacy Policy
How to Contact Us
Updates to this Privacy Policy
Personal Information We Collect
WHAT WE COLLECT AND HOW WE COLLECT IT
Personal information we collect may include (and that we have collected in the last twelve months includes):
Identifiers such as a real name, company name, employer name, physical or postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, telephone or fax number, account name, signature, and personal characteristics such as gender, marital status, and physical characteristics or description
Government-assigned identification numbers such as driver’s license numbers, social security numbers and other tax identification numbers
Personal and business financial and tax information, including information regarding assets, income and sources of income, losses, expenditures and purchases, charitable donations, investments and investment accounts, retirement accounts, bank accounts, and other financial accounts
Personal circumstances affecting tax filings or financial transactions and reporting, such as medical conditions, changes in marital status, educational activities and lifestyle choices
Employee benefit plan participant information including information regarding participants (may include identifiers such as name, address, and social security numbers) and their benefits eligibility, benefits received, account balances and transaction history
Payroll and compensation information relating to clients’ employees, owners, agents and vendors, such as identities, payment and withholding history, cash and non-cash incentive compensation, and related information
In connection with medical billing and reimbursement services, audit services and other accounting services we provide to health care providers, we collect medical and insurance claims information, including the identities of patients and their medical conditions and treatments, and eligibility to participate in employer- or insurer-sponsored benefits or benefit programs and other private and government health and welfare benefit programs
In connection with accounting services we provide to educational institutions, we collect information about students, such as their identities, tuition account status, academic record, and student financial assistance
In connection with accounting services we provide to charitable, tax-exempt and non-profit organizations, we collect information relating to donors, such as their identities, donation history, and tax status
Legal information, including legal documents relating to wills, trusts, gifts, bequests, purchases, sales and other transfers, and information relating to legal rights, claims, actions, lawsuits, investigations and other proceedings, settlements, and awards
Information about services obtained from Mauldin & Jenkins, and history of services purchased, obtained or considered
Employment history and other resumé information if you submit a resume, job inquiry, application, or academic transcript via our website
Information that allows us to verify the identity of a person
Information that allows us to perform services or perform the terms of a contract
Information provided in response to surveys or marketing communications
Language and communication preference(s)
Signatures
Names, addresses, telephone numbers and email addresses of persons to whom we are requested to provide information
Internet activity information, such as browsing history, search history, information regarding interaction with our and others’ websites and advertisements; Mauldin & Jenkins receives this information in anonymized form and cannot identify individuals with such information
Information regarding your interaction with email communications sent by us or on our behalf
Information that allows our website and applications on our website to function properly on your device
information you provide by submitting a form or document or by entering information on our website
Information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us, accessing services available on our website, and/or subscribing to our blog, newsletter and/or email notifications
Social media handles, content and other data posted on our official social media pages or elsewhere on the Internet (such as websites on which customer reviews may be posted, and other public locations), and information that we obtain through social media apps, tools, widgets and plug-ins
Payment information (such as identification numbers, bank account information and invoicing address)
On our website, in email communications, or in advertisements we may place on other website, we may use automated means, such as cookies and other related technologies (for convenience, all such technologies are referred to as “cookies”), to collect information. Certain third parties may also use cookies on our website or in our email communications and advertisements. For more details about cookies, please see the “Cookies” section of this Privacy Policy.
Some of the personal information we collect may come from third parties, such as our clients, or businesses that perform services or provide products to us, including analytics or marketing services providers, or public databases.
Some of the personal information we collect may come from third parties, such as our clients, or businesses that perform services or provide products to us, including analytics or marketing services providers, or public databases.
THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS AND WEBSITES
Mauldin & Jenkins may make available on its website third party applications such as file transfer facilities, online payment facilities, resume submission or employment inquiry portals, content linking or sharing facilities, or links to third party websites. Mauldin & Jenkins does not control such third-party applications or websites. Information collected by or through such applications or third-party websites is subject to the privacy policies of the third parties that provide those applications or websites. We encourage you to review the relevant third parties’ privacy policies regarding information they collect by or through their applications or websites.
PARENTS, GUARDIANS AND CHILDREN
Mauldin & Jenkins’ website is intended for visitors who are at least 18 years of age and the age of majority in their jurisdiction of residence. Mauldin & Jenkins does not knowingly solicit information from, or market products to, children. If you do not meet the age requirements set forth above, please do not enter your personal information on this or any other Mauldin & Jenkins website.
How We Use the Personal Information We Collect
We may collect, use, transfer or disclose your personal information (A) in order to perform our contractual obligations to you, (B) for legitimate business interests such as marketing and improvement of our services, (C) to comply with legal obligations and (D) to protect your and others’ vital interests. More specifically, we may collect, use, transfer or disclose your personal information to:
Communicate with our clients
Perform services for our clients and fulfill our contractual obligations
Perform pre-engagement activities
Respond to requests
Communicate with tax authorities and other governmental agencies with which our clients are required to file returns, reports or other documents or in connection with an investigation or audit conducted by such tax authorities or governmental agencies
Communicate with legal, financial, investment and other advisors to our clients
Provide other services that our clients request
Process and communicate with you about your claims, questions, comments and inquiries
Communicate with and access the products and services of third parties who provide products or services to us or on our behalf
Send information about our services or events, and related offers and promotions
Provide and enhance customer and technical support
Establish and manage your accounts (including online accounts) with us
Enable you to access, receive, post on and interact with us via our blog and social media accounts or our website
Send administrative information or notices
Personalize the experience of those who use our website or view our advertisements on other websites
Operate, assess and improve our business and business practices,
Ensure the security and functionality of our facilities and our computer networks and systems;
Perform invoicing, collecting, and other financial functions;
Develop products and services;
Evaluate our sales and marketing efforts and analyze marketing data;
Improve our website and customer portal;
Evaluate candidates for employment, process applications for employment, and communicate about job opportunities
Identify and protect against fraud and other illegal activities
Comply with applicable legal requirements, including reporting requirements, and our own policies, and monitor our compliance efforts
Pursue, exercise and defend legal claims and rights
Mauldin & Jenkins processes your personal information in the United States. In circumstances in which we share your personal information with our service providers, that personal information may be processed and maintained by our service providers in countries other than the one in which it was collected.
INFORMATION COLLECTED VIA COOKIES
For details about how we use the information collected via cookies, please see the “Cookies” section of this Privacy Policy.
Cookies
The information in this “Cookies” section of our Privacy Policy is intended to provide you with information about cookies used on our website to collect information. This “Cookies” section:
describes the type of personal and device information that we collect via cookies on our website or in our email communications,
refers you to our Cookie Policy (also accessible here), which provides details about the cookies used on our website, and
describes how we use information collected via Cookies.
The information in this “Cookies” section applies to our website and to email communications sent by or on our behalf.
Except for information collected by technical or functional cookies to enable display, navigation and other functionality of our website on your device, information that we collect from you on our website (a) is only provided voluntarily or (b) is collected automatically by cookies after you consent to the use of cookies. However, if you decline to provide us with such requested information, such as by disabling cookies, you may not be able to use certain functions or features of our website, and you may not be able to purchase products or access our services or certain offers and content, via our website.
INFORMATION COLLECTED VIA COOKIES
On our website and in some of our email communications, we use cookies. Cookies are also placed by third parties we have engaged. A “cookie” is a small simple file that is sent along with pages of our website and stored by your browser on the hard drive of your computer or another device. The information stored therein may be returned to our servers or to the servers of the relevant third parties during a subsequent visit. Among the types of cookies we may use are “scripts” and “web beacons”. A script is a piece of program code that is used to make our website function properly and interactively. This code is executed on our server or on your device. A web beacon (or a pixel tag) is a small, invisible piece of text or image on a website that is used to monitor traffic on a website. In order to do this, various data about you is stored using web beacons.
The information we collect via cookies may include your device’s unique identifier, IP address (static or dynamic), geographical location (geolocation data), device and browser type, language, and settings, operating system, domain server, referring and exit pages and URLs, pages you visit while on our website, actions you take, and when activity occurs. Some cookies allow the website to recognize your browser when you visit that site again, and may also store user preferences and other information and settings. Other cookies allow tracking of certain activity, such as opening an email or viewing a website.
When on our website, information may also be collected about your device. This information may include your type of computer or device, operating system and version (iOS, Android, Windows), carrier and country location, and similar information, as well as any of the following: Universally unique ID (UUID), advertising identifier (IDFA), MAC address, hardware and processor information (e.g., processor/storage chip and speed), and network type (Wi-Fi, 4G, LTE, etc.).
Some of this data is collected by third-party analytics tools and advertising networks, or other third-party providers of apps, tools and plug-ins. We and those third parties may collect information about you over time and across our and third-party websites.
Third parties (such as, for example, QuickFee and Newton) provide file sharing applications, online chat functions, payment portals, security tools, content linking or sharing facilities, analytics tools, advertising networks and other applications, tools, widgets, and plug-ins (“Third-Party Applications”) on our website, email communications and advertisements. These Third-Party Applications also may use cookies to collect information about how you interact with these features. These cookies are set when you visit our website, open or respond to our email communications, or view an advertisement we have placed on another website. Information collected via these Cookies may include information about who opens our email communications, which of our and others’ website pages you access, the frequency of such access, and your product and service preferences. Information collected through Third-Party Applications is collected directly by the parties that provide those Third-Party Applications. Mauldin & Jenkins does not control such Third-Party Applications. Information collected by or through such Third-Party Applications is subject to the privacy policies of the third parties that provide those Third-Party Applications. We encourage you to review the relevant third party’s privacy policies regarding information they collect by or through their Third-Party Applications. By using our website, you consent to the processing of data about you by such third parties in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
COOKIES ON OUR WEBSITE
Please review our Cookie Policy for information about the cookies (including those of third parties) that collect data on our website. Our Cookie Policy can be accessed  here.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION COLLECTED VIA COOKIES
We may use the information collected via cookies to:
allow our website and features on our website to function properly for you as the viewer,
understand usage patterns on our website,
identify our website users,
customize your visits to our website,
deliver advertising and other content tailored to your interests and suitable for your browser,
develop contact information about potential or actual customers, and in some cases such information is linked to other data we collect for such purposes,
manage and improve our business,
measure the effectiveness of our marketing and communication efforts,
manage and improve our website and address technical problems.
ENABLING/DISABLING AND DELETING COOKIES; ONLINE TRACKING
You can use your internet browser to automatically or manually delete cookies. You can also specify that certain cookies may not be placed. Another option is to change the settings of your internet browser so that you receive a message each time a cookie is placed. For more information about these options, please refer to the instructions in the “Help” section of your browser. You should understand, however, that our website relies on cookies to function properly and that without cookies you may not be able to use all the features of our website.
Our website is configured to respond to “do not track” signals from browsers.
For information about how to opt out of advertising network interest-based advertising, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
No Selling of Information; Sharing Information
NO SELLING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We generally do not sell personal information and we did not sell any personal information in the previous twelve (12) months. We do not sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age without affirmative authorization.
SHARING INFORMATION
We do not share personal information about you except as described in this Privacy Policy or in our California Privacy Policy.
We share personal information with third parties and affiliates for various purposes. Sharing with third parties may include (and the personal information we have shared for a business purpose during the last twelve months includes) the following:
We share personal information in order to fulfill the purposes for which our clients have engaged our services (i.e., our contractual obligations to our clients). Such sharing includes:
When we file tax returns and other documents with tax authorities and other governmental and quasi-governmental agencies, personal identifiers such as real names, physical or postal addresses, telephone numbers, email addresses, government-issued identification numbers (driver’s license, social security, tax identification and similar numbers), and personal financial information including income, deductible expenses, donations, assets, bank, retirement and investment account numbers and similar information may be included in such filings. Such information may also be contained in documents that we prepare that are included in filings made in court or pursuant to other legal process by our clients’ counsel. Some such information may have been collected by us for or on behalf of our clients, and in such cases we may share some or all of that information with the client for or on behalf of which it was collected or that client’s counsel or other professional advisors.
At the direction of our clients, we may share personal identifiers and personal financial information with banks and other financial institutions or other parties to transactions in which our clients are a party or otherwise involved.
When we file for government health plan (Medicare, Medicaid and similar) claims reimbursements for our health care clients, personal identifiers, government-issued identification numbers, insurance plan member or account numbers, personal financial information and information regarding medical conditions and treatments may be included in such filings.
We share personal information with third parties who perform services on our behalf based on our instructions. None of these third parties is authorized by us to disclose or use such personal information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with applicable professional standards, laws, regulations and other legal requirements. Sharing with such third parties may include the following:
To send documents and other materials by mail or other shipper, we share mailing and shipping information (real name, physical or postal address, telephone number, email address, information about contents being shipped, and similar information) with third parties such as national postal services and private courier and shipping companies.
To process client payments, we share credit card information (account holder name and address, account number, expiration date, security code) and banking information with third party credit card processors and banks.
For marketing purposes, we share personal information with third parties who perform advertising or mailing services on our behalf or to send surveys to our customers.
With respect to job applicants who submit resumes and inquiries via our website, we share applicants’ names, contact information and other information submitted to payroll services and employment screening services.
Third parties that perform technical support services for us may have access to personal information in connection with performing those services.
We may also disclose personal information about you in order to comply with legal requirements or prevent harm. More specifically, we may disclose such information about you (A) if we are required to do so by law, regulation, court order, subpoena or other legal process, or to comply with professional standards, (B) to comply with requests from law enforcement authorities and other government agencies, or (C) if we believe it is necessary to prevent harm to the rights, property or safety, or protect other vital interests, of Mauldin & Jenkins, our employees, users or the public, or in connection with an investigation of actual or suspected illegal activities, as permitted or required by applicable law.
Subject to applicable law, we reserve the right to transfer information we have about you in connection with a sale or transfer of all or any part of our business or assets (for example, if Mauldin & Jenkins were acquired or merged, or if it were reorganized, dissolved or liquidated).
INFORMATION COLLECTED BY THIRD PARTIES
Information collected through third-party applications, websites and cookies (such as information relating to your “liking” or posting a comment on our Facebook or Twitter page or posts, or information collected by third-party analytics tools and advertising networks) is collected directly by the third parties that provide those applications, websites and cookies. We do not control third-party applications, websites and cookies. Information collected by or through third-party applications, websites or cookies is subject to the privacy policies of the third parties that provide those applications, websites and cookies. For more details about information collected via cookies, please see the “Cookies” section of this Privacy Policy. We also encourage you to review the relevant third party’s privacy policies regarding information they collect by or through their applications, websites or cookies.
Data Retention
We retain and store your personal information only for as long as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, or as required under applicable data retention policies or applicable law. Federal, state and local data retention laws and statutes of limitation may impose differing retention periods.
How We Protect Your Personal Information
We employ and maintain appropriate and commercially reasonable administrative, technical and physical measures to protect the personal information you provide to us against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use. However, because the Internet is not a 100% secure environment and no security system or measures are impenetrable, we cannot ensure, warrant or guarantee the security of personal information. Please note that emails and other communications that you send to us, via our website or otherwise, are not encrypted.
Your Options Regarding Your Personal Information
As required by applicable law, you may exercise any of the following options regarding your personal information:
obtain a copy of certain personal information that we maintain about you,
update and correct inaccuracies in that information,
obtain information about the sources from which we collected that information and the purposes for which it was collected, and
obtain information about personal information about you that we share with third parties and about third parties with whom we share it.
request that the personal information we have about you be transmitted to you or another company,
on legitimate grounds, object to any uses or disclosures of your personal information,
where our processing of your personal information is done with your consent, withdraw your consent,
request that your personal information be deleted, and
request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
Each of these actions may be done by contacting us as described in the “How to Contact Us” section of this Privacy Policy.
Subject to applicable law, you may exercise these options free of charge unless the request is unfounded, excessive or otherwise unreasonable, such as because it is repetitive. We may also refuse to act or impose limitations on these options under some circumstances as permitted by applicable law. Before we take action in response to your exercise of these options, we may ask you to provide additional information to verify your identity or otherwise help us understand or respond to your request.
Please note that your rights and options regarding your personal information may vary depending on the state or other jurisdiction of your residence.
MARKETING:
You may choose to stop receiving our marketing emails by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in our marketing emails, or by selecting the “Email Unsubscribe” link below, or by contacting us as described in the “How to Contact Us” section of this Privacy Policy.
Email Unsubscribe: unsubscribe@mjcpa.com
You may choose to stop receiving other marketing materials, surveys and our newsletters. You may also request that Mauldin & Jenkins cease using your personal information for marketing purposes. You can do either of these things by contacting us as described in the “How to Contact Us” section of this Privacy Policy.
If you are a California resident, you have the right to ask us not to share your personal information with certain of our affiliates and other third parties for their marketing purposes. To do so, please contact us as described in the “How to Contact Us” section of this Privacy Policy. Please also see our California Privacy Policy (accessible here) for more details.
ONLINE TRACKING:
Your web browser may enable you to be notified when you receive certain kinds of cookies or to disable or restrict certain kinds of cookies. You should understand, however, that our website relies on cookies to function properly and that without cookies you may not be able to use all the features of our website. For more details on the cookies on our website, please see the “Cookies” section of this Privacy Policy as well as our Cookie Policy. Our Cookie Policy can be accessed here.
Our website is configured to respond to “do not track” signals from browsers.
For information about how to opt out of advertising network interest-based advertising, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
NON-DISCRIMINATION
Mauldin & Jenkins will not discriminate against you because you exercise any of your rights under applicable law, including, but not limited to, by
denying goods or services to you,
charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties,
providing a different level or quality of goods or services to you, or
suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services;
provided, that Mauldin & Jenkins may, under certain circumstances and subject to applicable law, charge consumers a different price or rate, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services to a consumer, if that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to the consumer by the consumer’s data.
If you have any questions about, or want to exercise, any of these options, please contact us as described in the “How to Contact Us” section of this Privacy Policy.
California Privacy Policy
If you are a California resident, please read our California Privacy Policy, which can be accessed here. As described in our California Privacy Policy, California residents may have different or additional rights relating to their personal information than are described in this Privacy Policy. Our California Privacy Policy supplements this Privacy Policy, but relating to California residents, if there are any conflicts between any of the provisions or information contained in this Privacy Policy and any of the provisions or information in our California Privacy Policy, the provisions or information contained in our California Privacy Policy shall control.
How to Contact Us
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or about any of the options regarding your personal information that are described in this Privacy Policy, or if you want to exercise any of those options, please contact us as follows:
You may call us:
If you’re in the United States, call us toll-free at (800) 277-0080, or
If you’re outside the United States, call us at +1 (770) 955-8600 (not a toll-free number),
You may email us at privacy@mjcpa.com,
You may submit your question or request to us at the following webpage: https://www.mjcpa.com/contact-us/
You may write to us at:
Mauldin & Jenkins
Hanson Borders, Managing Partner
200 Galleria Parkway, Suite 1700
Atlanta, Georgia 30339
U.S.A.
Or
If you wish specifically to be removed from our marketing email list, you may email us at unsubscribe@mjcpa.com.
Updates to this Privacy Policy
Periodically, and without prior notice to you, we may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices regarding personal information. We will indicate the date of the most recent update at the top of our Privacy Policy.
Close Menu
Home
Services
Industries
Careers
About Us
Locations
Partners & Leadership
Events
Firm History
News
Press
Client Portal
Secure Document Upload
Make A Payment
COVID-19 Impact
Submit Your RFP