http://www.cit.com/terms-of-use/
You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to use this site.
Skip to content
Search
Cancel
Search
Popular Results
Personal CD Rates
Board of Directors
Commercial Services Login
Back
CIT Terms of Use
Last Updated: July 24, 2013 THESE TERMS GOVERN THE USE OF THIS SITE. PLEASE READ THEM CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING THE SITE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS, DO NOT ACCESS THE SITE.
Acceptance of TermsCIT Group Inc. and its affiliates (collectively, "CIT," "we," "us," or "our") welcome you to our Site. These Terms of Use ("Terms") govern your use of this Site and any other CIT Site,  including, but not limited
to, CIT mobile applications, CIT client interface sites,  any content, functionality and services offered on or through this Site, or any other CIT Site that links to the Terms (collectively, the "Site"), except as otherwise provided herein. Please
review these Terms carefully. By using the Site, or by clicking to accept or agree to the Terms when this option is made available to you, you agree to be bound and abide by the Terms. If you do not agree to be legally bound by the Terms, you are
not authorized to use the Site and should exit immediately.
Unauthorized use of CIT's Sites including, but not limited to, unauthorized entry into CIT's systems, or misuse of any information posted on a CIT Site is strictly prohibited. CIT makes no representation that the products and services described
on the Site are available in all countries. Your eligibility for particular products and services is subject to final determination by CIT.
Changes to the TermsCIT reserves the right to change these Terms from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the revised Terms on the Site. You should also periodically check the effective date at the top
of this webpage to be sure that you are viewing the most recent version of the Terms and the important information that it includes. All changes to the Terms shall be effective upon posting. Your continued use of the Site after any changes to these
Terms constitutes your agreement to be bound by any such changes. CIT may terminate, suspend, change, or restrict access to all or any part of the Site without notice or liability.
Intellectual PropertyThe Site contains material, such as software, text, graphics, images, sound recordings, audiovisual works, desktop, mobile, or other applications for download, and other material provided by or on behalf
of CIT (collectively, "Content"). The Content may be owned by us or by third parties. The Content is protected under both United States and foreign laws. Unauthorized use of the Content may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. You have no
rights in or to the Content, and you will not use the Content except as permitted under these Terms. No other use is permitted without prior written consent from us. You must not remove or alter copyright or other proprietary notices contained in
the original Content, and if CIT allows you to sell, transfer, assign, license, sublicense, or modify the Content or reproduce, display, publicly perform, make a derivative version of, or distribute the Content, you must include those proprietary
notices without alteration. You may not sell, transfer, assign, license, sublicense, or modify the Content or reproduce, display, publicly perform, make a derivative version of, distribute, or otherwise use the Content in any way for any public or
commercial purpose without the express written permission of CIT. The use or posting of the Content on any other website, public or private electronic retrieval system, or in a networked computer environment for any purpose is expressly prohibited.
CIT makes no claims concerning whether the Content may be downloaded or is appropriate for use outside of the United States. If you access the Site from outside of the United States, you are solely responsible for ensuring compliance with
the laws of your specific jurisdiction.
If you violate any part of these restrictions, your permission to access and/or use the Content and Site automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of the Content.
The trademarks, service marks, and logos of CIT (the "CIT Trademarks") used and displayed on the Site are registered and unregistered trademarks or service marks of CIT. Other company, product, and service names located on the Site may be
trademarks or service marks owned by others (the "Third-Party Trademarks", and, collectively with CIT Trademarks, the "Trademarks"). Nothing on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right
to use the Trademarks, without our prior written permission specific for each such use. Use of the Trademarks as part of a link to or from any site is prohibited unless establishment of such a link is approved in advance by us in writing. All goodwill
generated from the use of CIT Trademarks inures to CIT's benefit.
Elements of the Site are protected by trade dress, trademark, unfair competition, and other state and federal laws and may not be copied or imitated in whole or in part, by any means, including but not limited to the use of framing or mirrors.
None of the Content for the Site may be retransmitted without our express, written consent for each and every instance.
Use of Personal InformationCIT's practices and policies with respect to the collection, use and sharing of nonpublic personal information collected from or about you when you visit the Site is governed by the CIT Online Privacy
Statement ("CIT's Privacy Statement), which is hereby incorporated in its entirety and available at this Site
cit.com/privacy.
Service Access
While we endeavor to ensure that the Site is normally available, we shall not be liable if for any reason the Site is unavailable at any time or for any period. Access to the Site may be suspended temporarily and without notice in the case
of system failure, legal requirements, maintenance or repair or for reason beyond our control.
LinksThe Site may contain links to third-party websites ("External Sites"). These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by us of the content and/or services on such External Sites, which
are provided by third parties. You should contact the site administrator or webmaster for those External Sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or any content and/or services located on such External Sites. We are not responsible for
the content and/or services provided via any linked External Sites and do not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such External Sites. You should take precautions when downloading files from all websites to protect
your computer from viruses and other destructive programs. External Sites may have a privacy statement different from CIT's Privacy Statement, and the External Site may provide less security than the Site. If you decide to access linked External Sites,
you do so at your own risk.
Your ConductIn using the Site, you agree:
to use the Site and the Content only for lawful purposes,not to disrupt or interfere with the security of, or otherwise abuse, the Site, or any services, systemresources, accounts, servers or networks connected to or accessible through the Site or affiliated or linked websites;not to disrupt or interfere with any other user's enjoyment of the Site or affiliated or linked Sitesnot to upload, post or otherwise transmit through or on the Site any viruses, worm, Trojan horse, malware,
program, code or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files;not to use a robot, spider, script, or any means to extract, download, index, mine, scrape, or circumvent the operation or intended use of the Site;not to use the Site to submit or share any offensive, indecent, hateful, racist, sexist, pornographic, or otherwise inappropriate material;not to violate the privacy or publicity rights or infringe upon the intellectual property or other proprietary rights of third partiesnot to use the Site to make unsolicited offers or requests, advertisements, or send spamnot to use or attempt to use or access another person's product, account or personal information, or create or use a false identity on the Site; andnot to attempt to obtain unauthorized access to the Site or portions of the Site that are restricted from general access.
You are prohibited from any use of the Site or Content that would give rise to liability to CIT or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national or international law or regulation.
Site MonitoringCIT has no obligation to monitor the Site; however, you acknowledge and agree that CIT has the right to view, monitor and/or record the Site and Site activity electronically or otherwise, without notice to or
permission from you. Any information obtained by monitoring, reviewing, or recording is subject to review by law enforcement organizations in connection with investigation or prosecution of possible illegal activity on the Site. CIT may also comply
with all court orders as well as all law enforcement and regulatory inquiries involving requests for such information.
CIT may, in its sole and absolute discretion (i) delete and/or take down any material from the Site, (ii) disclose any information as necessary or appropriate to satisfy any law, regulation or other governmental request, (iii) operate the
Site, and (iv) take any steps that it deems necessary or appropriate to protect itself and/or users of the Site.
Submissions to the SiteAlthough we encourage you to communicate with us via the Site, we do not want you to, and you should not, communicate to us any content, remarks, feedback, questions, comments, suggestions,
discussions, ideas, graphics or other submissions (collectively, "Submissions") that contain confidential or proprietary information. With respect to Submissions, you agree that: (a)  it shall not be considered confidential or proprietary and you
shall have no right of confidentiality, and CIT shall have no obligation to protect your Submissions from disclosure; (b) you own or control all rights or have obtained all necessary permissions in and to the Submission; (c)  the Submission does and
will comply with the Terms, specifically the terms set forth in the "Your Conduct" section of these Terms; (d) you grant CIT an unrestricted right to reproduce, copy, incorporate, or otherwise use, disclose, and distribute your Submissions (and any
ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in your Submissions)  to others and for CIT's commercial or non-commercial purposes, including but not limited to, the development, production and marketing of our products and services,  without
notice or compensation to you; and (e) CIT shall be free to use, but is under no obligation to use your Submissions. Nothing herein contained shall be construed as limiting CIT's responsibilities and obligations under CIT's Privacy Statement.
Warranty DisclaimerTHE SITE AND CIT CONTENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. CIT, ITS AFFILIATES, PROVIDERS, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS,
LICENSORS, AND INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS (COLLECTIVELY "THE CIT PARTIES"), DOES NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, ADEQUACY, OR COMPLETENESS OF THE SITE OR THE CIT CONTENT, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE WARRANTY OF
TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES' RIGHTS, AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. CIT IS NOT SUBJECT TO LIABILITY FOR ANY DELAYS OR INTERRUPTIONS OF THE SITE FROM WHATEVER CAUSE. YOU AGREE THAT YOU USE THE SITE AND THE CIT CONTENT
AT YOUR OWN RISK.
CIT DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITE WILL OPERATE ERROR-FREE OR THAT THE SITE, ITS SERVER OR THE CIT CONTENT ARE FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES OR SIMILAR CONTAMINATION OR DESTRUCTIVE FEATURES. IF YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR THE CIT CONTENT RESULTS
IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING OR REPLACING EQUIPMENT OR DATA, WE SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THOSE COSTS.
Limitation of Liability
IN THE ABSENCE OF GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR INTENTIONAL MISCONDUCT BY US, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CIT PARTIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, INCIDENTAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, OR DAMAGES RESULTING
FROM LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR THE CIT CONTENT, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, EVEN IF THE CIT PARTIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. CIT IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY USER. YOUR SOLE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SITE IS TO STOP USING THE SITE. THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT
BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
IndemnificationYou agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the CIT Parties from and against any and all claims, losses, expenses, or demands or liabilities, including attorneys' fees and costs, incurred by the CIT Parties
in connection with any claim by a third party (including any intellectual property claim) arising out of (i) materials and content you submit, post to or transmit through the Site, or (ii) your use or misuse of the Site or content in violation of
the Terms or in violation of any applicable law. You further agree that you will cooperate as reasonably required in the defense of any such claims. The CIT Parties reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise
subject to indemnification by you, and you shall not in any event settle any such claim or matter without the written consent of CIT. You hereby agree to cooperate with any reasonable requests from CIT to assist in its defense of such claim or matter.
You further agree to indemnify and hold harmless the CIT Parties from any claim arising from a third party's use of information or materials of any kind that you post in a public area of the Site.
TerminationThese Terms are effective until terminated by CIT at any time without notice. CIT may suspend, restrict and/or terminate your access and use of the Site at any time, with or without cause, in CIT's absolute discretion
and without notice. The following paragraphs of these Terms shall survive termination of your use or access to the Site: paragraphs concerning Indemnification, Disclaimer of Warranties, Limitations of Liability, applicable law and dispute resolution,
and any other provision that by its terms survives termination of your use or access to the Site.
Digital Millennium Copyright ActCIT respects the intellectual property rights of others and attempts to comply with all relevant laws. We will review all claims of copyright infringement received and remove Content deemed to
have been posted or distributed in violation of any such laws. Our designated agent under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the "Act") for the receipt of any Notification of Claimed Infringement which may be given under that Act is as follows:
Attention: General Counsel
Address: CIT Group Inc.
1 CIT Drive
Livingston, NJ 07039
Telephone: 973-740-5000
Fax: 973-740-5087
If you believe that your work has been copied on the Site in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our agent with notice in accordance with the requirements of the Act, including (i) a description of the copyrighted
work that has been infringed and the specific location on the Site where such work is located; (ii) a description of the location of the original or an authorized copy of the copyrighted work; (iii) your address, telephone number and e-mail address;
(iv) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; (v) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the information in your notice is accurate
and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf; and (vi) an electronic or physical signature of the owner of the copyright or the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest.
Governing Law and Venue
These Terms and all other aspects of your use of the Site shall be governed by and construed in accordance with all applicable Federal laws of the United States of America and the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its Conflict
of Law Rules. All claims and disputes arising out of these Terms, and applicable federal law or your use of the Site, other than actions for specific performance or injunctive relief brought by CIT, shall be exclusively brought in the federal, state,
or local courts located in New York, and, with regard to such claims and disputes, you hereby irrevocably (i) submit to the exercise of personal jurisdiction over you by those courts, and (ii) waive any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum
objections to such courts.
GeneralFailure by CIT to enforce any provision(s) of these Terms shall not be construed as a waiver thereof. Any cause of action you may have with respect to the Site, the Content, and/or these Terms must be commenced within
one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arose, or be barred. If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall be enforced to the fullest extent possible, and the remaining provisions of
the Terms shall remain in full force and effect. These Terms will be binding on, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable against the parties and their respective successors and assigns. Neither the course of conduct between parties nor trade practice
shall act to modify any provision of these Terms. All rights not expressly granted herein are hereby reserved. You agree that you will not sue us as an individual. You agree that you will not file or participate in a class action against CIT.
Contact UsIf you have questions regarding the Terms or the practices of CIT, please contact us by e-mail at
info@cit.com or by regular mail at CIT Group Inc., 1 CIT Drive, Livingston, New Jersey 07039-5795, Attention: General Counsel.