https://www.grantlawson.co.uk/privacy-information-1/
Expand/collapse navigation
HomeFor EmployersFor CandidatesPrivacy InformationAbout Us Contact Details
HomeFor EmployersFor CandidatesPrivacy InformationAbout Us
Privacy Policy and Data Protection
Maintaining your privacy and compliance with Data Protection legislation are taken very seriously at Grant Lawson.
The information that you give us via our web site or by email, including your Curriculum Vitae ("CV") and e-mail address, is termed "personal data" under the Data Protection Act 1998. When you
provide information to us, we protect it according to the provisions in our Data Protection Policy.
Use of Data
Your personal details, including your name, e-mail address and CV, are held and used by us for comparing your details to those of job vacancies, in order to find you a suitable position of
employment. Grant Lawson has appropriate measures in place to ensure that your personal details are not misused, accidentally destroyed, lost or inappropriately disclosed to third parties.
Email Addresses
Grant Lawson does not sell on email addresses and will never allow a third party to use your personal information for marketing or other commercial purposes. We dislike spam as much as you do.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of information that is stored on your computer's hard drive by your web browser. Grant Lawson does not store personally-identifiable cookie information on our server and you
may view these pages freely with your browser's privacy settings at maximum.
Policy Changes
Grant Lawson may modify the above policy without advance notice and any modifications are effective when they are posted here. By using our web site, you indicate your understanding and acceptance
of the terms of the policy posted at the time of your use.
If you have any questions on data, please don't hesitate to let us know.
You can email us at dataATgrantlawson.co.uk
Data Protection Registration Number: Z6837971
Grant Lawson Ltd
Albany House
Shute End
Wokingham
RG40 1BJ
If you have any queries or wish to make an appointment, please contact us:
0118 9796023 0118 9796023
web@grantlawson.co.uk
Print
|
Sitemap
© 2002-2019 Grant Lawson Ltd trading as Grant Lawson Search & Selection; an Employment Agency governed by the Employment Agencies Acts
Web ViewMobile View
Logout |
Edit page