http://www.guidancesoftware.com/privacy-policy
Products & Services
Solutions
Software
Tableau Hardware
Services
Training
Resources
Support
Forums
TrainingTableau HardwareEnCase App CentralGet SoftwareContact
Login
Partner PortalCustomer Community
Got Breached?
Contact Sales
Contact Support
Request Demo
(866) 229-9199
Follow Guidance
Contact Guidance
By browsing this site, you are agreeing to our cookie policy. More Information
Privacy PolicY
Guidance Software respects your privacy. We use your information to support and enhance our relationship with you; for example, to process your purchase, provide service and support, and share product, service and company news and offerings with you. We do not sell your personal information. We only share your personal data for marketing purposes outside Guidance Software with your consent, as required by law or to protect Guidance Software, its customers, or the public, or with companies that help Guidance Software fulfill its obligations with you (such as shipping companies). At any time you may contact Guidance Software with any privacy questions or concerns you may have. You also may ask at any time to see the data you have given us and request correction or deletion. We strive to ensure a high level of security and confidentiality.
We’ve developed our privacy policy from industry guidelines and standards, and local, national, and international laws and requirements. All privacy practices and methods described in this policy apply only insofar as permitted by the applicable standards, laws and requirements.
Thanks again for placing your trust in Guidance Software.
Information Collected
During the sales process, or through trade shows, marketing events, and other activities, Guidance Software may collect information from you. For example, we request information from you when you:
Register on https://security.opentext.com
Request a demo disk
Request a quotation or information
Register for a webinar, seminar, or other informational event
Place an order
Participate in a sweepstakes or other promotional offer
Subscribe to a newsletter or a mailing list
Fill out "Contact Me" form for Products and Services
Request Customer Service Assistance
Request contact from Training about a class
Register for Access to Partner/Support Portals
Register for a product
Apply for a job
Register for blog comment submissions
Opt-in to having your nametag scanned at a conference where we have a booth
We may ask you for your name, address, e-mail address, type of business, credit card information, company name, title, department, quote/order number, dongle, referring party as well as other similar personal information.
How We Use Your Information
The information you provide will be used to support your relationship with Guidance Software. By providing the aforementioned information, you agree to receive product upgrades or special offers, and receive notifications to market or sell Guidance Software products or services to you. Your information may be combined with information collected about you by Guidance Software or third parties, with information that is collected about you from public records, or with information that Guidance Software may acquire from third parties.
Data Sharing and Transfer
Information regarding you (such as name, address and phone number) or your order and the products you purchase will not be given or sold to any outside organization for its use in marketing or solicitation without your consent. In addition, occasionally Guidance Software will share contact information, such as name and address, with third parties with whom we have partnered to provide specific services to Guidance Software, or services on behalf of Guidance Software.
In addition, Guidance Software may be required to disclose your information in connection with law enforcement, fraud prevention, regulation, and other legal action or if Guidance Software reasonably believes it is necessary to do so to protect Guidance Software, its customers, or the public.
Guidance Software is an expanding business, and like other companies, we sometimes acquire or divest business units. As part of such transfers, we may convey the business assets of the particular business unit, including information that you have supplied.
Changing Your Account Information
If you wish to provide us with additional information, change the information we have on file for you, or delete personal information you have previously provided to us, please email us at privacy@guid.com. Note that we need to retain certain records for legal or internal business reasons and that some of your information may remain on backup systems, in compliance with applicable law.
Data Security and Responsibility
Guidance Software is committed to keeping the data you provide us secure and will take reasonable precautions to protect your information from loss, misuse or alteration. Vendors, contractors, or partners of Guidance Software who have access to your information in connection with providing services for Guidance Software are required to keep the information confidential and are not permitted to use this information for any other purpose than to carry out the services they are performing for Guidance Software.
Your information will generally be stored in our Guidance Software databases, which are located in the United States, for as long as it is necessary to provide products and services to you and others, or as needed to comply with our legal obligations or enforce our agreements. For easier processing of e-mail communications, or other marketing purposes, however, your information may be sent, usually on a temporary basis, to countries outside the United States. Guidance Software data protection standards are the same, regardless of where your information is stored.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file stored on a user’s hard drive containing information about that user. Guidance Software uses cookies on its website to improve your user experience; for instance, you can retain your website password in a cookie to make logging in easier. Our cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Our website does not collect or store your personal information in cookies, and a user may reject the use of cookies and still use portions of our website.
You Can Opt-out of Receiving Further Marketing from Guidance Software
Periodically, we may send you information about our various products and services, or other products and services we feel may be of interest to you. If you affirmatively provide us your information as stated herein, we will conclude that you have opted to provide us such information so that we may communicate with you for the purposes stated in this policy. If you do not want to receive such information, simply contact us at the email address set forth below.
Contact Us
Please send us your questions or comments regarding our Privacy Policy or your information to: privacy@guid.com.
Guidance Software will be happy to respond to your questions and comments.
Notice Regarding Children
The Guidance Software website is intended for adults. We do not intend for this website to collect information from anyone under the age of 13. Information published on this website is not intended for anyone under the age of 13.
Your Acceptance of Our Privacy Practices
By using the Guidance Software website, purchasing from Guidance Software, or participating in a Guidance Software service, program, conference or visiting us at a trade show, you signify your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. Guidance Software may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post changes to our Privacy Policy on the Guidance Software website, so from time to time please check the Privacy Policy posted there.
Intellectual Property Rights
Warning: The elements of this website, including graphics, logos, images, designs, sounds, information, and documents (the “Materials”), are protected by copyright, trademark, trade dress, trade secret, unfair competition and other laws and are owned by Guidance Software Inc. and its subsidiaries, divisions and affiliates (“Guidance Software”); or its suppliers, vendors or other third parties who have contributed Materials to the website (each a “Supplier”). In no event shall any of the Materials be copied, reproduced, distributed, displayed, downloaded, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form without the prior express written permission of Guidance Software and/or its Supplier. EnCase®, the EnCase logo, EnScript® and other Guidance Software products and brands mentioned in this website are registered trademarks or trademarks of Guidance Software in the United States and/or other countries. The names of actual products and companies mentioned in this website may be registered trademarks or trademarks of their respective owners. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
General Disclaimer
THE MATERIALS ON THIS WEBSITE COULD INCLUDE INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS AND ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE AT ANY TIME. THE MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, GUIDANCE SOFTWARE AND ITS SUPPLIERS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, AND CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE MATERIALS, THEIR QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, SUITABILITY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
Links to Other Websites
As a convenience to you, this website may contain links to websites controlled by parties other than Guidance Software. Guidance Software is not responsible for and does not endorse the privacy practices or content of these third party websites. We recommend that you carefully read the privacy policies of each site you visit.
Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT WILL GUIDANCE SOFTWARE AND ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT OR TORT, ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE MATERIALS AVAILABLE ON THIS WEBSITE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN PARTICULAR, AND WITHOUT LIMITATION, GUIDANCE SOFTWARE SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, DATA, INCLUDING THE COSTS OF RECOVERING SUCH DATA, OR PROFITS. Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of, relating to or in connection with this contract, including the breach, termination or validity thereof, shall be finally resolved by arbitration. The parties agree to arbitrate solely on an individual basis, and that this agreement does not permit class arbitration or any claims brought as a plaintiff or class member in any class or representative arbitration proceeding. The arbitral tribunal may not consolidate more than one person's claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding.