http://www.quickenloans.com/about/legal/security-privacy
Security and Privacy Statement | Quicken Loans
bellcheckchevron downcrosspaper plane
Quicken Loans
Español
(800) 251-9080
Apply Now
Sign In
Learning Center
Refinance
Refinance Guide
Lower Your Payment
Pay Off Your Mortgage Faster
Refinance with HARP
Consolidate Your Debt
Get Cash From Your Home
Refinance Investment Property
Contact a Refinance Expert
Buy a House
Home Buyer's Guide
First-time Homebuyer
Buying a Vacation Home
Real Estate Investors
Corporate Relocation
Contact a Home Buying Expert
Home Loans
Compare All Home Loans
Adjustable Rate Mortgage
30-Year Fixed
15-Year Fixed
FHA Loan
VA Loan
USDA Loan
Jumbo Loan
YOURgage ®
HARP Refinance
Mortgage Rates
Mortgage Rates Today
Email & Text Updates
Calculators
See All Calculators
Refinance Mortgage Calculator
Purchase Mortgage Calculator
Rent vs. Buy Calculator
Home Affordability Calculator
Amortization Calculator
About Us
Who We Are
Our Mortgage Process
Quicken Loans Deposit
About Appraisals
Community Involvement
Careers
Press Room
Affiliate Program
Real Estate Agent Resources
Contact Us
Learning Center
Refinance
Refinance Guide
Lower Your Payment
Pay Off Your Mortgage Faster
Refinance with HARP
Consolidate Your Debt
Get Cash From Your Home
Refinance Investment Property
Contact a Refinance Expert
Buy a House
Home Buyer's Guide
First-time Homebuyer
Buying a Vacation Home
Real Estate Investors
Corporate Relocation
Contact a Home Buying Expert
Home Loans
Compare All Home Loans
Adjustable Rate Mortgage
30-Year Fixed
15-Year Fixed
FHA Loan
VA Loan
USDA Loan
Jumbo Loan
YOURgage ®
HARP Refinance
Mortgage Rates
Mortgage Rates Today
Email & Text Updates
Calculators
See All Calculators
Refinance Mortgage Calculator
Purchase Mortgage Calculator
Rent vs. Buy Calculator
Home Affordability Calculator
Amortization Calculator
About Us
Who We Are
Our Mortgage Process
Quicken Loans Deposit
Home Appraisal Headquarters
Community Involvement
Careers
Press Room
Affiliate Program
Real Estate Agent Resources
Contact Us
Español
(800) 251-9080
Apply Now
Sign In
Home
&vert Legal & Regulatory
&vert Security & Privacy
Security and Privacy
Effective Date July 1, 2020.
OUR SECURITY & PRIVACY PLEDGE
At Quicken Loans, we have dedicated ourselves to revolutionizing the
home loan process and helping individuals use their home financing options
as a tool to manage their financial lives. In that effort, we respect and
protect the privacy of those who visit or use our application. When we collect
information from you, we want you to know how it is used. To demonstrate
our commitment to fair information practices, we have adopted leading
industry privacy guidelines.
By using our application, you are consenting to the use of information and
agreeing to these guidelines and the other Quicken Loans policies
described on our application.
Quicken Loans does not share your personal information with outside
companies for their promotional use without your consent.
Because of the financial nature of our business, our websites are not
designed to appeal to children under the age of 13. Therefore, we don't
knowingly attempt to solicit or receive any information from children.
Data Collection And Data Sharing
Data Categories And How We Use Them
See what data categories we collect.
Category
Examples
Collected
Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier,
online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address,
account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number,
passport number, or other similar identifiers.
YES
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer
Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics
or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s
license or state identification card number, insurance policy number,
education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit
card number, debit card number, or any other financial information,
medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal
information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
YES
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship,
religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental
disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy
or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or
military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
YES
Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained,
or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
YES
Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or
activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying
information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina
scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
NO, we do not collect biometric information on clients. However, we
collect fingerprints on certain employees to comply with NMLS licensing requirements.
Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a
website, application, or advertisement.
YES
Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
NO
Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
NO
Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
YES
Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and
Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational
institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts,
class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student
financial information, or student disciplinary records.
YES
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends,
predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
YES
Sources of collected data:
Information collected through our websites
Information you provided when getting a product or a service from us
Information you provided when signing up for communications from us
Information you provided when entering promotions or sweepstakes offered by Quicken Loans
Information you provided through telephone or web-based surveys, online chat, customer service correspondence or general feedback
Information you provided when applying for a position with us
Information provided by third parties such as lead buy partners, data brokers and credit bureaus
Information collected using web technologies
Ways we might use your data:
Marketing (unless you've opted out)
Auditing
Fraud detection
Debugging
Providing services
Internal research
Quality control
Reasons we might share your data with third parties:
Business purposes
Auditing
Detecting fraud
Debugging
Providing services
Internal research
Quality control
With your consent, we'll share your personal data and contact info with
third parties, including our mortgage partners,
partner companies and affiliates for these reasons:
Marketing
Analytics
Pre-populating your information to make your experience easier
To opt out of sharing your data, please contact us.
Your Data And Our Third Parties
Here's who we could share your data with and what we could share with them.
Service providers
Affiliates
Mortgage partners
Partner companies
Regulators
Identifiers
x
x
x
x
Personal info categories
x
x
x
x
Protected Classification Characteristics
x
x
x
x
Commercial Info
x
x
x
x
Biometric Info
x
Internet or other network activity
x
x
Employee info
x
x
x
Non-public education information
x
Inferences drawn from other personal information
x
x
x
x
Sale Of Data
We don't sell your data.
Your Privacy Rights
If you'd like to review, access, revise or delete personal data we've
collected about you, please contact us.
Right To Know
You have a right to know what personal data we've collected about you,
what data we've sold, who we've sold your data to, and what data we've
shared for business purposes.
To exercise this right, please contact us.
Right To Access
You have the right to see what specific pieces of data we have about you,
and to get this data in a portable and easily accessible format.
To exercise this right, please contact us.
Right To Delete
You have the right to request that we delete your data. We're legally
required to keep some data about you, but we'll delete everything we can.
Keep in mind that we might reacquire some of your data if we purchase data
from a third party.
To exercise this right, please contact us.
How We Process Your Privacy Rights
First we'll verify your identity using your personal info. Then we'll
process your request according to company guidelines. You can usually
expect a response by mail within 45 days.
Authorized Agent
If you're an authorized agent (such as a power of attorney) making a request
on behalf of someone else, please contact us.
Right To Non-Discrimination For The Exercise Of Your Privacy Rights
You won't be discriminated against for exercising your privacy rights.
Device Co-Op Privacy Control
Quicken Loans participates in a device co-op to better understand how you use our
website and apps across all the devices you use. This helps us deliver experiences
that are tailored for you. You can
learn more about this device co-op or opt out of
participating in it.
How To Contact Us About Your Data
By Phone
Call (888) 444-7492.
By Mail
Write to this address:
Rock Holdings, Inc.
P.O. Box 44587
Detroit, MI 48244
Please include your phone number when contacting us by mail.
Otherwise, we cannot fulfill your request.
QUICKEN LOANS MEDIA ADVERTISING GUIDELINES
At Quicken Loans, we want you to be comfortable and confident when using
our application. Therefore, we would like to share with you the following
principles that govern our information practices and other privacy
aspects of our application:
We do not make our advertising decisions based on political affiliations
or in support of, or against, any political or religious group. We firmly
believe in the right of free speech, however, we also believe we have an
obligation to ensure our advertising does not appear in content that is
detrimental to our brand values. As one of our “ISMs” states, we “Do the
Right Thing” when deciding where our advertising messages will appear.
This means we will not advertise within programs that consistently
exploit excessive or gratuitous violence or sexuality, which demean or
denigrate any religion, race, sex or which are otherwise lacking in good taste.
Should our advertising appear within programming content that violates
these guidelines we will review the content in question and make decisions
about the appropriateness of that program for future consideration.
OUR PHILOSOPHY AND PRACTICES
At Quicken Loans, we want you to be comfortable and confident when using
our application. Therefore, we would like to share with you the following
principles that govern our information practices and other privacy aspects
of our application:
We provide you notice of our application information practices.
We tell you how and why we use application technologies.
We give you choices about how the personally identifiable
information that you provide to us may be used.
We provide you the opportunity to update or correct your personally
identifiable information.
We work to protect personally identifiable information from loss,
misuse, or unauthorized alteration.
We provide various ways for you to contact us about our information
practices and other aspects of privacy.
WE PROVIDE YOU NOTICE OF OUR APPLICATION INFORMATION PRACTICES.
To maximize the value of our services, we may request information from
you when you visit our applications. Quicken Loans does not share your
personal information with outside companies for their promotional use
without your consent.
Here is a description of the information we collect and how it is used:
PROTECTING YOUR IDENTITY AND CREDIT
Credit reporting agencies may share your information with other companies
when you apply for a home loan. This may cause you to receive Email or
phone calls that you didn't ask for, offering credit cards, refinancing
or other loan products.
You can stop these calls and Emails by opting out of these prescreened
credit offers. Simply call (888) 567-8688 or visit
www.optoutprescreen.com.
Tools, Applications And Registration: We provide a
number of ways for you to explore your options for mortgages and
loans, so you can determine which options may be the most desirable
for you. You can engage a number of tools, planners, calculators and
other interactive advisors, such as the online interviews, without
providing us your identity. We will not ask you for personally
identifiable information to use these features, and do not attribute
the information that you provide to you as an individual.
However, if you want to exercise one or more of the loan options
presented, we will ask you to register at the site and supply
other identifying and supporting information needed to process
your application.
By registering, you can save information such as loan interviews
and applications for later review and update. When you register,
you select a member ID name by which we will know you, choose a
password and provide us an Email address. You use the member ID
name and password to gain access to your loan application information,
financial profile and/or customized rates. We use your contact
information to provide you with alerts and updates regarding your
loan status, which is part of the Quicken Loans service. Quicken
Loans does not share your information with outside companies for
their promotional use without your consent. We may, however, use it to send you
communications and special offers on other products or services
offered by Quicken Loans. If you do not want to receive this
information you may opt-out during registration, within any future
communications or by sending an Email to
optout@QuickenLoans.com.
You may also
click here to change
your contact preferences.
We may also supply the information you provide, on a strictly
confidential basis, to service providers, such as title companies,
appraisers, credit reporting services, etc., who assist us in
qualifying, processing, closing and servicing your loan.
Credit Report: By submitting a loan application
or a request to be pre-qualified to us, you authorize us to share
your credit report with our affiliates only to process your loan
application.
Newsletters: We provide you the opportunity to
subscribe to Email newsletters and other Email communications.
You may unsubscribe by following the instructions provided in
each Email newsletter.
Interactive Help (Chat / PC to Phone): You may
initiate an online interactive discussion or PC to Phone communication
with a Quicken Loans support professional to facilitate the
completion of your loan application. We do not ask for any
personally identifiable information to use this service; if you
volunteer personally identifiable information, it will only be
used to respond to your request. We maintain transcripts of chat sessions.
MORE ON OUR GENERAL INFORMATION PRACTICES.
Contests, Sweepstakes, And Surveys: From time to
time, we may offer you the option to participate in contests, sweepstakes,
or surveys. If you would like to participate, we may ask you for
contact information, preferences or other information. This information
may be used to conduct research, improve our offerings, or contact you
regarding home financing or award prizes. Our contests or sweepstakes
may have separate rules and we will identify how the information that
you supply will be used in each case.
Mandatory And Optional Information: We identify what
information is required to fulfill your request. If you chose not to
provide mandatory information, we will not be able to provide you the
service you are requesting. As part of your use of our application, we
may collect information that my include your name, address, social
security number, the location and value of the property related to
the requested loan products or services, financial information about
your assets and income, financial accounts, insurance and other
information. As part of this process, you consent to Quicken Loans
obtaining a credit report and for us to use that information as
described in this policy. We will also collect information about your
activity on the Quicken Loans applications and use that information as
described in this policy.
Within The Quicken Loans Family: Within the Quicken
Loans family, which includes our title company, Amrock Inc.,
we may exchange customer information to fulfill your requests or to
provide you with information about other products or services, if
you have chosen to receive such communications.
Service Providers: In some cases, we will employ or
use service providers such as title companies, appraisers,
consultants, and temporary workers, third party software developers,
to complete a business process or provide a service on our behalf.
For example, we may use service providers to enhance our application
technology, deliver products, or to send Emails. When we employ service
providers, we may need to share your personally identifiable information.
Service providers are strictly prohibited from using your personally
identifiable information for purposes other than to act on our behalf.
Service Alerts And Critical Notices: Although we respect
and honor the privacy preferences you have expressed, we may need to
contact you to inform you of specific changes that may impact your
ability to use this service or for other critical non-marketing purposes,
such as bug alerts. We may also contact you to respond to your specific
requests, to clarify the order information you provided to us, or to
notify you of upcoming subscription expiration dates.
Change Of Control: Your personally identifiable
information may be transferred in connection with a sale, merger, transfer,
exchange or other disposition (whether of assets, stock or otherwise)
of all or a portion of a business of Quicken Loans. You will have the
opportunity to opt out of further secondary use of your information
following any change of control.
Changes To Our Privacy Policy: If we plan to make
significant changes to any of our privacy policies or practices with
respect to how we use personally identifiable information, we'll post
those changes to the Quicken Loans application 30 days before they take effect.
Legal Disclosures: In some cases we may disclose
certain information to comply with a legal process, such as a court
order, subpoena, search warrant, or law enforcement request.
Top of Page
WE WORK HARD TO PROTECT YOUR DATA FROM LOSS, MISUSE AND UNAUTHORIZED CHANGES.
We use industry-recognized security safeguards to protect your data. We
secure all data that's sent to Quicken Loans to protect it from loss,
misuse and unauthorized changes.
We protect your data using industry-standard security products and protocols,
as well as carefully developed security procedures. Our security measures are
reviewed on a regular basis by both our internal team members and outside
security specialists.
We also hold our team members responsible for keeping your data safe. Here are some ways we do that:
We require all team members to take regular training and sign a written
statement acknowledging their compliance with our security protocols.
We enforce strict password protocols.
We require strict authentication and authorization for team members to use, view or change information.
Top of Page
WE TELL YOU HOW AND WHY WE USE WEB TECHNOLOGIES.
Here is how and why we use some common Web technologies to help manage our websites:
Cookies: A "cookie" is a small piece of information
that our website may provide to your browser while you are at our
sites. The Quicken Loans website supplies your browser with cookies
that contain a unique identifier used to better understand website
usage in the aggregate and on an individual level so we know what
areas of our site users prefer (e.g., based on the number of
visits to those areas). This is done through a tracking utility
that allows us, for example, to reconstruct activity from a
session or by a user, for troubleshooting and issue resolution
purposes. Quicken Loans may also employ service providers to
help us collect and understand our website usage data.
When periodic surveys are presented to website visitors, cookies
are used to prevent issuing multiple invitations to the same individual.
If you are a registered member on the Quicken Loans website,
you will receive a cookie when you login. This cookie is maintained
by your browser and contains your identifier. This cookie is also
used to authenticate your identity and provide you with access
to areas of our website that are limited to registered members,
such as those that allow you to view and manage your personal profile.
Additionally, Quicken Loans service providers that serve ads on
affiliate and/or advertiser websites may assign different cookies
and small graphical images called single-pixel GIFs or web beacons,
to your browser to track the effectiveness of Quicken Loans
advertising on other websites and your involvement with Quicken
Loans. For example, as part of the Quicken Loans affiliate programs,
our service providers use cookies and web beacons to determine
when affiliate program members have referred a customer to Quicken
Loans via a link on their website. The Quicken Loans website also
sets a temporary cookie that contains a unique, anonymous identifier
that is provided to the service provider to ensure that each referral
is only counted once. This cookie is not linked to a customer's personal
information. The cookies and web beacons are necessary to ensure
that affiliate program members are appropriately credited for their
referrals. Service providers report data in the aggregate and do
not link it to individual customer information. Quicken Loans may
also employ service providers who may assign cookies or web beacons
to your browser to assist us in collecting website usage data such
as your IP address, session ID, URL and demographic information
such as your zip code. The collection of data may include personally
identifiable information. We do not track URLs that you type into
your browser, nor do we track you across the Internet once you leave our site.
If you simply want to browse, you do not have to accept cookies from our site.
Should you decide, however, that you would like to register and sign in to
special areas of the website and you have modified your browser settings not
to accept cookies, you will need to re-set your browser to accept the cookies
that we send. Otherwise, you won't be able to participate in certain areas of
the website. Most browsers are defaulted to accept and maintain cookies.
If you wish to remove cookies provided by Quicken Loans, please check
your browser's settings and Help section for instructions for removing
cookies from your browser.
Behavioral Advertising: Please be aware that we use
third party advertising companies to collect non-personally
identifiable information for online behavioral advertising to provide
targeted display advertisements, likely to be of greater interest
to you, through participating publishers and advertisers. Such
information may include non-personally identifiable information
(e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date,
subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) through the
use of Cookies and other technology. To learn more about online
behavioral advertising or to opt-out of this type of advertising,
please click on the following link:
www.networkadvertising.org.
Website Usage Data: Our website tracks usage data,
including, for example, your IP address, your browser type and version,
which pages you view, which page, if any, linked you to our site, and
which link, if any, you follow off of our site. We use this data in
the aggregate and on an individual level to better understand website
activity to improve our site offerings, to reconstruct activity from a
session or by a user, for troubleshooting and issue resolution purposes.
We may also use this data to provide you a more personalized website
experience, assistance with technical support questions, and to send
you special offers, product and service updates, or other promotional
materials that are relevant and tailored to your interests. If you do
not want to receive these offers or promotions, simply indicate your
contact preferences during the registration process, within any future
communications or by sending an Email to
optout@QuickenLoans.com.
You may also click here to
change your contact preferences. We do not share your information with
outside companies for their promotional use without your consent. We do not track URLs
that you type into your browser, nor do we track you across the
Internet once you leave our site.
Social Media And Third-Party Website Security And Privacy Policies:
Quicken Loans currently has presence on social media to connect with
and market to the public, Quicken Loans customers, and potential
customers of the Quicken Loans' family. Your activity on third-party
websites is governed by the security and privacy policies of each
third-party website. Users of third-party websites often share
information with the general public, user community, and/or the
third-party operating the third-party website, which may use this
information in a variety of ways. Consequently, you should review the
privacy policies of the third-party website before using it and ensure
that you understand how this information may be used. You may be able
to adjust privacy settings on your accounts on any third-party website
or application to match your preferences. The information posted on or
directed at Quicken Loans through social media is generally available
to the public. To protect your privacy, do not include information you
want to keep private or any other sensitive personal information in
your social media activity, comments or responses. This information
may be archived independently on, and retention of such information
is governed by, the third-party website.
Browser “Do Not Track” And Other Settings: You may be
using an Internet browser that has the ability to communicate your
privacy preferences to the website, including requests not to track
your usage and browsing history.
Currently, the Quicken Loans websites
do not respond to any of these signals.
Quicken Loans may track your
activity on these websites and use that information as provided in
this policy.
Top of Page
WE GIVE YOU CHOICES ABOUT HOW THE PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
THAT YOU PROVIDE TO US MAY BE USED.
We give you the opportunity to control the use of your personal
information for purposes other than to fulfill your request or as is
required to process, close and subsequently service your loan. For example,
on occasion we may use your contact information to send you promotional
communications about Quicken Loans products. If you do not wish to receive
such communications, you may specify your contact preferences during the
information collection process or you may call toll-free at (888) 565-2488
or send an Email to
optout@QuickenLoans.com, or by
clicking here.
Top of Page
WE PROVIDE YOU THE OPPORTUNITY TO UPDATE OR CORRECT YOUR PERSONALLY
IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION.
We provide you the opportunity to update or correct the contact and loan
application information that you have provided to us. You may review and
update information stored in your application online until you submit your
application. Once you have submitted your application, you may only change
the information by directly contacting our mortgage hotline at (888) 565-2488
or emailing us at changeinfo@QuickenLoans.com.
Quicken Loans recommends that you do not use email communications to send
us sensitive personal information.
If you need to change that personal
information, we recommend that you call us directly.
Top of Page
WE PROVIDE VARIOUS WAYS FOR YOU TO CONTACT US ABOUT OUR INFORMATION PRACTICES
AND OTHER ASPECTS OF PRIVACY.
Questions regarding the Quicken Loans application's privacy statement, our
online privacy policy, our information practices or other aspects of privacy
on our applications, should be directed to us by Email to
support@QuickenLoans.com or by
writing to us at Quicken Loans, LLC, Attn: Client Relations, 1050 Woodward
Avenue Detroit, MI 48226. You may call our mortgage hotline at (888) 565-2488.
Top of Page
Manage Your Mortgage
Apply Online
Talk to an Expert
Call Us at
(800) 251-9080
Sign In to Your Account
Research Your Options
See Today's Rates
Home Buyer's Guide
Refinance Guide
Try Our Calculators
Check Your Credit Score
Personal Loans
Read the Zing Blog
Sign Up for Email and Text Alerts
Learn About Quicken Loans
About Us
Careers
Quicken Loans in the Community
Our Mortgage Process
Press Room
Our Family of Companies
Contact Us
Equal Housing Opportunity
NMLS #3030 (see the NMLS consumer access page).
Quicken Loans, 1050 Woodward Avenue, Detroit, MI 48226-1906.
©2000 - 2020 Quicken Loans, LLC. All rights reserved. Lending services
provided by Quicken Loans, LLC, a subsidiary of Rock Holdings Inc.
"Quicken Loans" is a registered service mark of Intuit Inc., used under license.
Email and Text Policy
Security and Privacy
Disclosures and Licenses
Terms of Use
Communication Opt-Out
Site Accessibility