http://www.2020insurance.com/privacy-policy/
Call Now
Insurance Center
Ask A Counselor
Local Resources
Recommended Professionals
Claim Contacts
Newsletter
Toll Free: (888) 820-2020
Manage Your Policy
Main Menu
AUTO QUOTE
HOME QUOTE
WORKERS COMP
COMMERCIAL/ AUTO
BUSINESS QUOTE
Privacy Statement
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for 20/20 Insurance Services. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
20/20 Insurance Services is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. 20/20 Insurance Services only has access to/collect information that you voluntarily provide via andrew@2020insurance.com or other direct contact from you. 20/20 Insurance Services will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
20/20 Insurance Services will only use your information to respond to you, regarding the information in your direct request. Your information will not be shared with any third party outside of this organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask 20/20 Insurance Services not to, you may be contacted via andrew@2020insurance.com in the future to be informed about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from 20/20 Insurance Services at any time by using the andrew@2020insurance.com address or phone number given on this website:
See what data has been collected about you, if any.
Change/correct any data collected about you.
Have 20/20 Insurance Services delete any data stored about you.
Express any concern you have about use of your data.
Security
20/20 Insurance Services takes precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever 20/20 Insurance Services collects sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While 20/20 Insurance Services uses encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, your information is also protected offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which personally identifiable information are stored is in a secure environment.
If you feel that this privacy policy is not being adhered to, you should contact 20/20 Insurance Services via telephone at (760) 432-2020 or andrew@2020insurance.com.
Quick Quote
Spanish Auto Quote
Spanish Home Quote
Site Links
About Us
Glossary
Insurance Center
Claim Contacts
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Newsletter
Contact
Phone:
(760) 432-2020
Address:
225 West Valley Parkway
Escondido, CA. 92025
Social Media
Location