https://www.seareach.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy & GDPR Policy
Our privacy policy, regarding the information we collect from visitors, customers and suppliers.
Home » Privacy & GDPR Policy
What information do we collect?
1. We collect information from you when you fill out a form.
2. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
1. To provide you with advice, a quotation and samples
(your information also helps us respond better to your individual needs)
2. To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website products and services, based on the feedback we receive from you)
3. To improve customer service
(your feedback helps us to more effectively respond to customer service requests and support needs)
4. To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent – other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested. Please see our GDPR policy below.
5. To send appropriate emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order,
related product or appropriate service information. Please see our GDPR policy below.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information. Please see our GDPR policy below.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance & GDPR
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the Online Privacy Protection Act. Please see our GDPR policy below.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Seareach
34a Broadway, Leigh On Sea, Essex. SS9 1AJ England
Tel: +44 (0)1702 476 286
info@seareach.plc.uk
www.seareach.co.uk
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy at the bottom of the page.
GDPR
Applicability:
This Policy is applicable to Customers, Potential Customers, Business Associates, and Suppliers, of Seareach (or any associated companies)
This policy does not apply to current and past employees and job applicants, for whom Seareach have a separate Privacy Policy.
Identity and Contact Details of the Data Controller:
Seareach, 34a Broadway, Leigh On Sea, Essex. SS9 1AJ Tel: 01702 476 286
Type of Personal Data we process
Seareach and its associated companies process personal data such as:
•	Names,
•	Addresses,
•	Contact Details
•	Bank Account Details
This data is provided to us
•	Directly by Customers and Suppliers
•	From Customer and Suppliers own published sources, such as websites.
The purpose of processing
Personal Data is processed (as applicable) for the following purposes:
•	Respond to Customer enquiries (L)
•	Provide Customers or Potential Customers with Information on Products and Services (L)
•	Record details of products or services required/delivered (C)
•	Retrieve details of Customer’s and Supplier’s previous contact with us (L)
•	Communicate with Suppliers of products or services that we require (L)
•	Deliver products or services required (C)
•	Make payments to Suppliers and related communications (C)
•	Collect / receive payments from Customers and related communications (C)
Seareach does not carry out any automated processing, decision making, or profiling activities.
Disclosure of Personal Data to others.
In order to deliver the goods or services that Customers have ordered; personal data is disclosed to, and is processed by:
•	Delivery Companies (C)
•	Sub-Contractors or Product Suppliers delivering direct to Customers.(C)
•	Business associates (L)
Seareach places contractual conditions with such 3rd parties which require them to confirm their own GDPR compliance and to restrict further disclosure of personal data, without prior consent from Seareach, and the Data Subject if applicable.
We do not transfer any Personal Data outside the UK.
Legal Basis for Processing
The Legal Basis for processing Personal Data, by Seareach, or relevant 3rd parties, as described above, is either as denoted (L) or (C) above:
•	(L) Legitimate Interest
•	(C) for Contract Purposes
How we store Personal Data
Personal Data is stored in our own servers which are located in Seareach’s own secure premises within the UK.
Personal Data is also stored in Hard Copy format in conventional filing systems, located in Seareach’s own secure premises within the UK.
In both of these arrangements, access to Personal Data is restricted to authorised Seareach personnel, who are required by a formal agreement, to maintain the security of that data at all times. Personnel are provided with training to ensure they are fully aware of, and capable of meeting, these requirements. Failure to observe the Company’s requirements for data security would be treated as breach of confidentiality and therefore regarded as a disciplinary matter.
Seareach store personal data only for as long as necessary for the purposes noted above.
Access to Personal Data, Questions & Complaints
Data Subjects have the right to enquire about any Personal Data that Seareach holds about them, and to object to the retention and processing of that data. If the information is incorrect, incomplete or irrelevant, data subjects are entitled to have the information corrected or deleted.
If you have any questions, comments, or complaints related to our privacy policy or how we use your personal information, you are welcome to contact Seareach at the above address, or by email: info@seareach.plc.uk
Updates to this Privacy Policy
Seareach is required by UK Law to protect personal privacy, and therefore this Policy may be subject to amendment from time to time.
The issue date of this policy is shown below. To check the latest / current version please refer to https://www.seareach.co.uk/privacy-policy/ .
Need assistance?
Call an Expert
01702 476 286
9am-5pm Weekdays
or let us contact you
What can we help with today?
Quotation
Samples in the post
I'm not sure
Name*TelephoneEmail
Address (to send samples)
Street Address
ZIP / Postal Code
Message
Last updated: 15 May 2018
Last updated: 15 May 2018 15:12