http://www.talking-balloons.co.uk/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Search
Home
Balloon Printing
10" Latex Balloons
12" Latex Balloons
16" Punchballs
2ft Latex Balloons
Quick Quotation
Click & Collect
C&C Christmas
C&C Giant Numbers
C&C Giant Letters
C&C Personalised Foils
C&C Birthday
C&C Themes
C&C Baby
C&C Thank You
C&C Characters
C&C Well Done
C&C Get Well Soon
C&C Plain Shape Foils
C&C Love/Wedding
C&C Father's Day
C&C Halloween
Click & Collect Bunches
C&C Banter Balloons (18+)
C&C Accessories
C&C Banners
C&C Candles
C&C Tableware
BALLOONS
Bubble
Deco Bubbles
Message Bubbles
Licensed Bubbles
Clearz
Foil
Air-Fill Balloons
Airwalkers
Foil Shapes
Foil Letters
Foil Numbers
Licensed Balloons
Plain Foil Shapes
Round Message Foils
Heart Message Foils
Square Message Foils
Star Message Foils
Giant
Cloudbusters
Giant Latex Balloons
Super Agate Balloons
Latex
Eco-friendly Balloons
Crystal Balloons
Heart Balloons
Marble Balloons
Metallic Balloons
Modelling Balloons
Preprinted Balloons
Punchball Balloons
Standard Balloons
ACCESSORIES
Balloon Accessories
Balloon Extras
Balloon Fixings
Balloon Sticks
Balloon Tails
Balloon Weights
Helium
Pumps & Inflators
Ribbon
Party Accessories
Badges
Banners
Partyware
Pullbows
Rocket Balloons
Sashes
Table Confetti
Christmas Accessories
CARDS
Baby & Children's
Birthday
Calendar Events
Love & Romance
Remembrance
SHOP
New
Colour
Blue
Black
Green
Pink
Purple
Rose Gold
Red
Orange
White
Occasion
Baby Shower & Gender Reveal
Birthday
Christmas
Christening
Father's Day
Halloween
Retirement
Wedding
Valentine's Day
Theme
00's #Throwback
Dinosaurs
Hello Kitty
Marvel
Safari
Summer
Star Wars
Unicorn
Under The Sea
SALE
Contact
Our contact details
Quick quotation
Open Trade Account
Log In
Privacy Policy
We have a lot of fun at Talking Balloons. We also take our responsibilities to our customers seriously.
To continue to provide the highest quality of service to our customers, it is necessary to make use of personal data.
Getting a parcel to the right place requires an address. Responding to an enquiry means using an email address or phone number. Receipts and invoices help us to pay our taxes.
According to the law in the UK/EU - these things make us a "data controller".
For peace of mind, or if you're just curious, here is a detailed breakdown of how we go about our duty to keep your information out of the hands of spammers and miscreants:
Company Information
Talking Balloons is a trading name of Greenbrook Automations Ltd. Talking Balloons (‘we’ or ‘us’ or ‘our’ from now onwards) gather and process your personal information in accordance with this privacy notice and in compliance with the relevant data protection regulation and law. This notice provides you with the necessary information regarding your rights and our obligations, and explains how, why and when we process your personal data.
Talking Balloons registered office is at McGregor’s Way, Turnoaks Business Park, Chesterfield S40 2WB and act as the data controller when processing your data. We can be contacted on marketing@talkingballoons.com
Contact Form
Lawful basis for processing: Legitimate interests
It is in both the visitor’s and Talking Balloons interests that the message is safely received by Talking Balloons. Therefore we must keep a copy of the message so it can be retrieved in the event of an email failure.
Objective for processing: The message details are stored in the database for 1-2 months to ensure messages can be retrieved should there be a failure with email.
Newsletter
Lawful basis for processing: Legitimate interests
In the event that newsletter type services are requested by means of voluntary "opting in", Talking Balloons may send out information relating to services, events and products from time to time.
Objective for processing: To keep subscribers up to date with the latest in product availably and offers of potential interest. Also to inform of planned or unplanned outages - or anything that may impact the services provided by Talking Balloons.
GDPR Individual Rights
Right to be informedAll information regarding GDPR can be found in this Privacy Policy.
Right of accessIf you would like to have access to a copy of the data this website holds relating specifically to you, please email marketing@talkingballoons.com with your request. Your data will be provided free of charge within one month of receiving your request.
Right of rectificationIf you would like us to rectify any of the data this held on this website relating specifically to you, please email marketing@talkingballoons.com with your request. We will rectify the data free of charge within one month of receiving your request.
Right of erasureIf you would like us to remove any or all of the data held on this website relating specifically to you, please email marketing@talkingballoons.com with your request. We will remove the data free of charge within one month of receiving your request. Please note, this may not be possible if the data is essential to services we are contractually obliged to provide you with. We will inform you if this is the case.
Right to restrict processingIf you would like us to restrict the processing of any data held on this website relating specifically to you, please email marketing@talkingballoons.com with your request. We will restrict processing of your data free of charge within one month of receiving your request. Please note, this may not be possible if the data is essential to services we are contractually obliged to provide you with. We will inform you if this is the case.
Right to data portabilityIf you would like to have access to a copy of the data this website holds relating specifically to you, please email marketing@talkingballoons.com with your request. Your data will be provided in CSV or Word File format free of charge within one month of receiving your request.
Right to objectFor any mass communication you receive from us, you can opt-out immediately using the opt-out link provided. However, if you feel there is any other processing of your data you would like to object to, please email marketing@talkingballoons.com with your request. We will terminate any further processing of your data immediately and free of charge.
Rights related to automated decision making including profilingThis website does not make use of any automated decision making or profiling.
Your Rights
You have the right to access any personal information that Talking Balloons processes about you and to request information about:
What personal data we hold about you
The purposes of the processing
The categories of personal data concerned
The recipients to whom the personal data has/will be disclosed
How long we intend to store your personal data for
If we did not collect the data directly from you, information about the source
If you believe that we hold any incomplete or inaccurate data about you, you have the right to ask us to correct and/or complete the information and we will strive to do so as quickly as possible; unless there is a valid reason for not doing so, at which point you will be notified.
You also have the right to request erasure of your personal data or to restrict processing (where applicable) in accordance with the data protection laws; as well as to object to any direct marketing from us. Where applicable, you have the right to data portability of your information and the right to be informed about any automated decision-making we may use.
If we receive a request from you to exercise any of the above rights, we may ask you to verify your identity before acting on the request; this is to ensure that your data is protected and kept secure.
Sharing and Disclosing Personal Information
We do not share or disclose any of your personal information without your consent, other than for the purposes specified in this notice or where there is a legal requirement. Talking Balloons uses third parties to provide the below services and business functions; however, all processors acting on our behalf only process your data in accordance with instructions from us and comply fully with this privacy notice, the data protection laws and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
Designated Accountant to Talking BalloonsFor the purposes of bookkeeping, accounts, tax returns where applicable and invoicing to our customers. They act in the capacity of a processor on our behalf. The only information we provide is your name, address and email address and invoice values.
Website HostingOur website is hosted on a level 1 PCI compliant, secure data centre that is owned and managed by Shopify Inc. Our website includes storage of email addresses only which are used for the purposes of newsletters. The website also collects IP addresses linked to each user account as either a website login user, or newsletter recipient.We do not sell any of the data that is collected by the website (or by any other means).
Designated Accountant to Talking BalloonsFor the purposes of order or enquiry fulfilment, third party involvement may be required from time to time to enable us to provide the required services. We endeavour to keep the details passed along to third parties to a minimum.
Safeguarding Measures
Talking Balloons take your privacy seriously and takes every reasonable measure and precaution to protect and secure your personal data. We work hard to protect you and your information from unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction and have several layers of security measures in place, including
Strong password protected entries
Restricted access to only limited personnel
Firewalls on hosted applications
Malware and anti-virus protection systems on computers
Transfers Outside the European Union
Talking Balloons utilise some products or services (or parts of them) that may be hosted/stored in the US and/or Canada, which means that we may transfer any information which is submitted by you through email outside the European Economic Area ("EEA") for the below purposes:-
Dropbox: For the purposes of storing and sharing documents with our customers and to collaborate on projects. Only participating customers are provided with access to the relevant folders. Only the names of the participants are included in documents.Folders with accounting information or any other personal data is held in non-shared folders.
Microsoft OneDrive & SharePoint: For the purposes of storing and sharing documents with our customers and to collaborate on projects. Only participating customers are provided with access to the relevant folders. Only the names of the participants are included in documents. Folders with accounting information or any other personal data is held in non-shared folders.
Microsoft Exchange: We use a Microsoft Exchange server for transmitting personal messages to data subjects. These are often in the form of electronic mail which uses SSL, TLS and Password level security features. Email clients used in the business include Microsoft Outlook and mail client apps such as Apple Mail and Android Gmail.
Therefore, when you send us an email, the personal information you submit may be stored on servers which are hosted in the US. Where this is the case, we will take steps to ensure that those providers use the necessary level of protection for your information and abide by strict agreements and measures set out by Talking Balloons to protect your data and comply with the relevant data protection laws.
Consequences of Not Providing Your Data
You are not obligated to provide your personal information to Talking Balloons, however, as this information is required for us to provide you with our services as well as legitimate interests, we will not be able to offer some/all our services without it.
How Long We Keep Your Data
Talking Balloons only ever retains personal information for as long as is necessary and we have strict review and retention policies in place to meet these obligations. We are required under UK tax law to keep your basic personal data (name, address, contact details) for a minimum of 6 years after which time it will be destroyed.Where you have consented to us using your details for direct marketing, we will keep such data until you notify us otherwise and/or withdraw your consent.
Special Categories Data
Owing to the products, services or treatments that we offer, Talking Balloons does not collect or process sensitive personal information.
Lodging A Complaint
Talking Balloons only processes your personal information in compliance with this privacy notice and in accordance with the relevant data protection laws. If, however you wish to raise a complaint regarding the processing of your personal data or are unsatisfied with how we have handled your information, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.
If you have any questions - please do not hesitate to get in touch with us on 01246 270555 or at hello@talkingballoons.com