https://www.idex-hs.com/about-us/legal-notices/
HomeAbout UsLegal Notices
Legal Notices
The following Legal Notices communicate IDEX Health & Science legal guidelines for use of our website, sales and purchase order conditions, privacy policy, and our chemical compatibility disclaimer. Please find the notices listed below to address your inquiry.
General Conditions for Use of this Site
IDEX Health & Science website was designed for your personal information, education, and communication. You may download material displayed on the Site for non-commercial, personal use. Please review this section for a description of conditions for using this site.
Terms & Conditions of Sale
In this section IDEX Health & Science details explicit agreements for both “Buyer” and “Seller.” Some of the areas covered are orders and releases, price and surcharges and payment terms. Please refer to these conditions when questions arise regarding sale related issues.
Purchase Order Terms & Conditions of Sale
This section address the terms and conditions set forth by IDEX Health and Science for the process, approval and terms and conditions we use in regard to the use of purchase orders. Please review our guidelines and agreements to assist you in your purchase order inquiry.
Chemical Compatibility Disclaimer
This Chemical Compatibility Disclaimer is designed to inform you about IDEX Health & Science’s Chemical Compatibility Guide. We discuss the purpose for our guide. We discuss the intention in providing this guide and how you can best utilize it.
Privacy Policy
IDEX Health & Science best practices regarding the privacy of our website users. It determines the ways we can and cannot use information of visitors to our website. We will cover forms of all types, online surveys, information sharing and other applicable interfacing.
IDEX Health & Science is the global authority in fluidics and optics, bringing to life advanced optofluidic technologies with our products, people, and engineering expertise. Intelligent solutions for life.