http://www.associationhouse.org.uk/privacy-policy/
This privacy policy sets out how Association Group Management (AGM) uses and protects any information that you give when you use this website.
AGM is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 1 May 2018.
Who is collecting your data?
AGM
Kingsley House, Ganders Business Park, Kingsley, Bordon, Hampshire GU35 9LU
Tel: +44(0)1420 471622
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name, company, job title and industry type
contact information including email address
demographic information such as address, postcode, preferences and interests
record of document downloads from our website
What we do with the information we gather
We collect this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
internal record keeping and for the administration of AGM membership
we may use the information to improve our service
we may periodically email you with Industry Updates to keep you informed of the latest news, events, publications and training
How can I access the information you hold about me?
You may obtain a copy of any data stored by by visiting the Log In Area of the website submitting a request to gdpr.compliance@agmhouse.com
Consent
By agreeing to this privacy policy you are consenting to AGM processing your personal data for the purposes stated. You can withdraw consent at any time using the details above or by contacting gdpr.compliance@agmhouse.com
How long do we keep hold of your information?
The information we collect from subscribers is kept indefinitely for the purpose of sending industry updates and e-bulletins. You can unsubscribe at any time by visiting the Log In Area of the website and unsubscribing. Your details will then be removed. You can also request to have your details removed by contacting us on gdpr.compliance@agmhouse.com
The AGM will process its members’ personal data for the duration of membership or contract and will continue to store only the personal data needed for seven years after the contract has expired to meet any legal obligations.
The personal data for committee members will be kept for the lifecycle of the committee. Beyond that, we will retain details as long as you are employed by a member company and wish to stay in contact.
Legal basis
To meet AGM contractual obligations to its employees, the membership and to respond to general enquiries.
Legitimate interests
To promote membership of AGM, its benefits and to raise awareness of sprayed concrete and its uses. This may include post, email, telephone, newsletters, social media and other channels to reach those with an interest in the industry.
Who might we share your information with?
We may send you Industry Updates from the Structural Concrete Alliance, which is an umbrella industry association for the structural concrete refurbishment and repair industry, of which AGM is a member.
We do not pass on your personal information to any third parties.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.  Data is held in the UK and also on Survey Monkey and MailChimp, all signatories to the EU-US Privacy Shield.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
Cookies ensure a consistent and efficient experience for visitors and perform essential functions such as allowing users to register and remain logged in.
The cookies are set to expire two weeks from the time they are set.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies Website which offers guidance for all modern browsers.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest, such as our member companies, whose services you may wish to use.  However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Complaints
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how your personal data is being processed by AGM, you have the right to complain using the contact details within this policy.
If you do not get a response within 30 days, you can complain to the ICO.
ICO, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, SK9 5AF
Tel +44 (0) 303 123 1113 or email: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/
ContactAGM - Association Group Management
Unit 34
BASE Bordon Innovation Centre
Broxhead House
60 Barbados Road
Bordon
GU35 0FX
Tel: 01420 471610
Fax: 01420 471611
Website by Association Group Management
Follow us on Twitter
Tweets by @AGMUKLTD
Search
LegalPrivacy Policy
Connect with us on
Copyright All Rights Reserved © 2018
Contact Us
We would love to hear from you, please send us an email and we'll get back to you as soon as possible.
Not readable? Change text.
I consent to Association Group Management collecting my details through this form.
Send
Start typing and press Enter to search