http://www.kobrandwineandspirits.com/terms
Address
1 Manhattanville Road, Purchase, NY 10577-2126
email
info@kobrand.com
Press Inquiries
contact us
Terms of Use
Kobrand Website Terms of Use
These Terms of Use govern your use of the Kobrand website (the “Site”) which is owned and operated by Kobrand Corporation (“Kobrand”).
Please read these Terms of Use carefully before using the Site.
Agreement to Terms
Kobrand maintains the Site for the personal use of individuals who are of the legal age to consume alcoholic beverages under the laws of their jurisdiction of residence.
Please exit the Site immediately if you are not of the legal age to consume alcoholic beverages under the laws of your jurisdiction of residence.
By using the Site, you agree to these Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Each time you use the Site, you reaffirm your acceptance of the then-current Terms of Use.
If you do not wish to be bound by these Terms of Use, your only remedy is to discontinue using the Site.
Kobrand may change these Terms of Use at any time and in its sole discretion.
The modified Terms of Use will be effective immediately upon posting and you agree to the new posted Terms of Use by continuing your use of the Site.
You are responsible for staying informed of any changes.
If you do not agree with the modified Terms of Use, your only remedy is to discontinue using the Site.
Accounts
You may be required to create an account and specify a password to use certain features on the Site.
You agree to provide, maintain and update true, accurate, current, and complete information about yourself as prompted by the registration processes.
You may not impersonate any person or entity or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or entity, including using another person’s username, password, or other account information.
You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and your account.
And you are entirely responsible for all activity made by you or anyone that uses your account.
You agree to safeguard your password from access by others.
If you believe that your account has been compromised, you must immediately contact us via email.
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Kobrand for losses incurred by Kobrand or another party due to someone else using your account as a result of your failure to use reasonable care to safeguard your password.
Site Integrity
You may not use any computer program tools including, but not limited to, web spiders, bots, indexers, robots, crawlers, harvesters, or any other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process (“Tools”) to access, acquire, copy, mirror or monitor any portion of the Site or any content, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Site or any content, to obtain or attempt to obtain materials, documents or information through any means not purposely made available through the Site.
Tools that use the Site shall be considered agents of the individual(s) who control or author them.
Your use of this Site is restricted. The transmission of any material or data to this Site which is harmful, contains corrupt computer code, contains a virus, could damage, disable, overburden or impair the Site, interferes with another party’s use and enjoyment of the Site, or is otherwise malicious or harmful to Kobrand, or attempts to corrupt the material, images or files of this Site is strictly prohibited.
User Submissions
This Site may contain interactive services, including, but not limited to, discussion groups, news groups, bulletin boards, chat rooms blogs, or other similar mechanisms (collectively, "Public Forums"), which may allow you to post, transmit or submit information, including, but not limited to, writings, photographs, images, illustrations, audio recordings, video recordings, essays and/or other communications submitted by you and other users (“User Submissions”) and the hosting, sharing, and/or publishing of such User Submissions.
You understand that whether or not such User Submissions are published, Kobrand does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any submissions.
You shall be solely responsible for your own User Submissions and the consequences of posting or publishing them.
In connection with User Submissions, you affirm, represent, and/or warrant that: (i) you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to use and authorize Kobrand to use all patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights in and to any and all User Submissions to enable inclusion and use of the User submissions in the manner contemplated by the Site and these Terms of Use; and (ii) you have the written consent, release, and/or permission of each and every identifiable individual person in the User Submission to use the name or likeness of each and every such identifiable individual person to enable inclusion and use of the User Submissions in the manner contemplated by the Site and these Terms of Use.
For clarity, you retain all of your ownership rights in your User Submissions.
However, by submitting the User Submissions to Kobrand, you hereby grant Kobrand a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicenseable and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform the User Submissions in connection with the Site and Kobrand’s (and its successor’s) business, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Site (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels.
You also hereby grant each user of the Site a non-exclusive license to access your User Submissions through the Site and to display and perform such User Submissions as permitted through the functionality of the Site and under these Terms of Use.
The foregoing license granted by you terminates once your User Submission is permanently removed or deleted from the Site by Kobrand.
In connection with User Submissions, you further agree that you will not: (i) submit material that is copyrighted, protected by trade secret or otherwise subject to third party proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the owner of such rights or have permission from their rightful owner to post the material and to grant Kobrand all of the license rights granted herein; (ii) publish falsehoods, misrepresentations, or derogatory messages that could damage the reputation of Kobrand or any third party; (iii) submit material that is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, libelous, threatening, pornographic, harassing, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, violate any law, is excessive in length, or is otherwise inappropriate; (iv) post advertisements or solicitations of business; or (v) impersonate another person.
Kobrand does not endorse any User Submission or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein, and Kobrand expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with User Submissions.
Kobrand reserves the right to deny the publishing of User Submissions, to remove User Submissions, and/or to terminate your access for uploading User Submissions in its sole discretion at any time, without prior notice and at its sole discretion.
You understand that when using the Site, you will be exposed to User Submissions from a variety of sources, and that Kobrand is not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, or intellectual property rights of or relating to such User Submissions.
You further understand and acknowledge that you may be exposed to User Submissions that are inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable, and you agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against Kobrand with respect thereto, and agree to indemnify and hold Kobrand, its affiliates and subsidiaries harmless to the fullest extent allowed by law regarding all matters related to your use of the Site.
Kobrand does not solicit nor does it wish to receive any confidential, secret or proprietary information or other material from you through the Site, any of its services, by email, or in any other way. Any information or material submitted by you, including User Submissions, will be deemed not to be confidential, secret or proprietary. Further, you agree that User Submissions and any information or materials submitted by you to the Site, whether ideas, creative concepts or other materials, in any format, including, but not limited to, writings, images, illustrations, audio recordings, and video recordings, may be used, reproduced and disclosed by us without restriction for whatever purpose we deem fit and without payment of any sum or acknowledgement of you as their source. You also warrant that any "moral rights" in User Submissions have been irrevocably waived by the appropriate authors. WE SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE SUFFERED BY YOU AS A RESULT OF USE OR DISCLOSURE OF SUCH MATERIALS BY US TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. This paragraph does not affect any rights you may have under data privacy laws that protect your personal information or similar privacy laws, to the extent that such rights cannot be excluded.
Acceptable Usage Policy
We may or may not actively monitor use of User Submissions posted on our Public Forums or otherwise submitted to Kobrand.
Similarly, we may or may not exercise editorial control over the content of any Public Forum. As a result, you may be exposed to content on our Public Forums that is inaccurate, fraudulent or deceptive or that you find offensive or objectionable. Your use of Public Forums is at your own risk.
However, we reserve the right, but are not obliged, to monitor our Public Forums and to remove or alter any content, which we consider, in our sole discretion, constitutes a misuse of these rules. We may restrict, suspend or terminate your use of these services or the Site where we believe that there has been such a misuse. The following examples constitute a misuse of our Public Forums:
using the services for any improper, unlawful or immoral purpose, causing any nuisance by your use of the services or causing the operation of the services to be jeopardized or impaired;
using the services to create, host or transmit (whether in a Public Forum or otherwise) any defamatory, offensive, or obscene material or engaging in activities which would cause offence to others on grounds of race, religion, creed or sex;
using the services to harm, or attempt to harm, minors in any way;
using the services to create, host or transmit any material that threatens or encourages bodily harm or the destruction of property or would constitute a criminal offence or give rise to civil liability;
using the services to create, host or transmit material which infringes the copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, privacy, publicity or other intellectual property or proprietary rights of any other party;
using the services to create, host or transmit unsolicited advertising material to other users;
using the services to create, host or transmit any material that harasses another;
using the services to make false, misleading, deceptive or fraudulent offers to sell or buy products, items or services or to send chain letters or pyramid schemes and the like;
)adding, removing or modifying identifying network header information or copyright management information including author names, publication dates or clearance agency names in an effort to deceive or mislead;
using the services to access, or to attempt to access, the accounts of others or to penetrate, or attempt to penetrate, our or a third party's security measures, computer software, hardware, electronic communication system, or telecommunications systems;
using the services to collect, or attempt to collect, personal information about third parties without their knowledge or consent or to engage in screen scraping, database scraping or any other activity with the purpose of obtaining lists of users or other data;
using the services for any activity which adversely affects the ability of other people or systems to use the services or the internet generally, including, without limitation, flooding and hacking;
reselling, repurposing or redistributing any services provided by us our contractors or our licensees without our prior written consent; or impersonating any person or entity or using a false name that you are not authorized to use;
encouraging, condoning or glamorizing under-age drinking, drunk-driving or excessive consumption of alcoholic beverages
disclosing any personally identifiable information about yourself or any other party (e.g. telephone number, geographic address or any other information from which an individual's identity or contact information can be derived)
This list only serves to provide examples and is not meant to be an exhaustive list of the type of unacceptable uses of the Public Forums that may result in the restriction, suspension or termination of your use of the Public Forums or of our Site. Due to the global nature of the Internet, users hereby agree to comply with all local rules regarding on-line conduct and acceptable content. Users also agree to comply with any applicable rules regarding the export of any data from any country.
You understand that personal and other information (e.g., username, email address, phone number) that you post on or through Public Forums
is generally accessible to, and may be collected and used by, others and may result in unsolicited messages or other contact from others. You should not include any personally identifiable information about yourself or any other person in any User Submissions. We reserve the right, but not the obligation, to remove any User Submissions that contain personally identifiable information. We shall not be liable for the use or misuse of any information or data, including personal information, that you post on our Public Forums.
Kobrand Trademarks and Copyrights
All trademarks, logos, and service marks displayed on the Site are registered and unregistered trademarks of Kobrand and/or third parties who have authorized their use (collectively the “Trademarks”).
You may not use, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, distribute, or modify these Trademarks in any way.
The use of Kobrand’s Trademarks on any other website is strictly prohibited.
All of the materials contained on the Site, such as text, graphics, images, photographs, illustrations, and other materials, are protected by copyright under both United States and foreign laws, except where explicitly noted otherwise.
Title to such materials retains with Kobrand.
Kobrand will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.
Any use of the materials no expressly permitted by these Terms of Use is a breach of these Terms of Use and may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws.
Kobrand authorizes you to view and download a single copy of the materials solely for your own lawful, persona, non-commercial use if you include the following copyright notice:
“Please enjoy responsibly.
Copyright © 2011, Kobrand Corporation, New York, N.Y.
All rights reserved” and retain other Trademark, copyright and other proprietary rights notices which were contained in the materials.
Kobrand neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the Site will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with Kobrand.
Use of any materials on the Site is at your own risk.
Hyperlinks
This Site may contain hyperlinks to third-party websites.
Kobrand does not control or endorse these third-party websites or any goods or services sold on those websites.
Some of these websites may contain materials that are objectionable, unlawful, or inaccurate.
You acknowledge and agree that Kobrand is not responsible or liable for any content or other materials on these third party websites.
Linking this Site
If you would like to link to this Site you may only do so on the basis that you link to, but do not replicate, the home page of this Site, and subject to the following conditions: (1) you do not remove, distort or otherwise alter the size or appearance of the Kobrand Trademarks or the logos of its imported / distributed products; (2) you do not create a frame, table or any other browser or border environment around this Site; (3) you do not in any way imply that Kobrand is endorsing any products or services other than its own and those of its portfolio; (4) you do not misrepresent your relationship with Kobrand nor present any other false information about Kobrand or the contents of its portfolio; (5) you do not otherwise use any Kobrand Trademarks without written permission from Kobrand; (6) you do not link from a website that is not owned by you; and (7) your website does not contain content that is distasteful, offensive or controversial, infringes any intellectual property rights or other rights of any other person or otherwise does not comply with all applicable laws and regulations.
Governing Law and Severability
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of New York, without regard to its conflict of laws rules.
You expressly agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or dispute under the Terms of Use and or your use of the Site resides in the courts located in New York, New York, and you further expressly agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating any such claim or action.
If any provision of these Terms of Use is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use, which shall remain in full force and effect.
No waiver of any provision in these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such provision or any other provision.
Warranties
The Site and the Products are provided on an “as is” basis.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND PRODUCTS IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, KOBRAND, ITS SHAREHOLDERS, SUBSIDIARIES, AND AFFILIATES (THE “KOBRAND ENTITIES”), AND EACH OF THEIR AGENTS, RESPRESENTATIVES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS, DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES’ RIGHTS, AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
The Kobrand Entities, their agents, representatives and service providers cannot and do not guarantee or warrant that: (a) the Site will be reliable, accurate, complete, or updated on a timely basis; (b) the Site will be free of human and machine errors, omissions, delays, interruptions or losses, including loss of data; (c) any files available for downloading from the Site will be free of infection by viruses, worms, Trojan horses, or other codes that manifest contaminating or destructive properties; or (d) the functions or services performed on the Site will be uninterrupted or error-free or that defects in the Site will be corrected.
Limitation of Liability
THE KOBRAND ENTITIES’, THEIR AGENTS’, REPRESENTATIVES’ AND SERVICE PROVIDERS’ ENTIRE LIABILITY AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY WITH RESPECT TO ANY DISPUTE WITH RESPECT TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS TO DISCONTINUE YOUR USE OF THE SITE. THE KOBRAND ENTITIES, THEIR AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR THE PRODUCTS OR FOR ANY OTHER CLAIM RELATED IN ANY WAY TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR THE PRODUCTS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST OR STOLEN PRODUCTS. THESE EXCLUSIONS FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, AND EXEMPLARY DAMAGES INCLUDE, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA, LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, EVEN IF THE KOBRAND ENTITIES, THEIR AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF AND REGARDLESS OF THE LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY UPON WHICH THE CLAIM IS BASED. BECAUSE SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, IN SUCH STATES OR JURISDICTIONS, THE KOBRAND ENTITIES’, THEIR AGENTS’, REPRESENATIVES’ AND SERVICE PROVIDER’S LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold the Kobrand Entities, and each of their agents, representatives, and service providers harmless from and against any and all claims, including but not limited to third party claims, damages, costs, and liabilities, including reasonable attorneys’ fees arising out of, or in connection with, your violation of these Terms of Use.
Termination
Kobrand has the right to terminate your account and access to the Site for any reason, including, without limitation, if Kobrand, in its sole discretion, considers your use to be unacceptable, or in the event of any breach by you of the Terms of Use.
Kobrand may, but shall be under no obligation to, provide you a warning prior to termination of your use of the Site.
General
Kobrand makes no claim that the Site or any material on the Site is appropriate or may be downloaded outside of the United States. If you access the Site from outside of the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction.
Share this site:
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
StumbleUpon
Tumblr
Blogger
LinkedIn
Email
Pinterest
Favorites
Print