https://www.paydayuk.co.uk/website-terms/
Thank you for visiting Payday UK.Below are a few things you need to know about us and your use of our services. Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using our services.1. Who are we?Payday UK is a registered trading name of Payday Loans Ltd who are an introducer appointed representative of Flux Funding Limited, who are a credit broker, not a lender. Registered in England and Wales (Company number 12430457 / FRN 921539). Licenced by the Information Commissioners Office, (registration number ZA654345). Registered Office: Payday Loans Limited, The Charter Building, Charter Place, Uxbridge, UB8 1JG. Flux Funding is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and is entered on the Financial Services Register under reference number: 806333.We are a loan introducer, not a lender.2. Your acceptance of these Terms and conditionsBy using this site you agree to be legally bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not accept these Terms of Use, please do not use this site.3. Changes to these Terms and conditionsWe reserve the right to change the contents of this site, including these Terms of Use. Your use of the site following such changes constitutes your acceptance of these changes.4. The Payday UK serviceWe provide an online credit broking service and can help you to search for certain products and services provided by (“Our Partner’s”) panel of lenders and credit brokers (“Our Partners”). We do not charge you a fee for using the Payday UK service, but we may receive a commission from Our Partners if they are able to provide you with the particular product or service you were looking for.Our Partners are authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.5. Your use of our WebsiteOur website is for your personal use only and you must not use it in any unlawful or fraudulent manner. You should only use our service if you are a UK resident aged 18 years or over.6. Communication from or on behalf of Payday UK.By using our service to find a financial service or product, we will endeavour to match you with one of Our Partners, and if successful you will be re-directed to their website to complete your application. Please read the privacy policy of the Partner you are redirected to ascertain their contact policy.7. Credit checks and ReferencesWe do not carry out credit checks on you when you use our website to find a financial product or service. However, Our Partners will refer to credit reference agencies to ascertain whether you are eligible for a particular product or service and that you meet their eligibility criteria.8. Intellectual Property RightsWe are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our website, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.All rights in paydayuk.co.uk are owned by us.9. Third-party websites and Links from our WebsiteIf you leave our website to complete an application for a product or service on the website of one of Our Partners, it is very important that you read their terms and conditions to make sure you understand and accept them.Where our website contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.10. Information about you and your visits to our websiteWe process information about you in accordance with our Privacy Policy. By using our website, you acknowledge that your information will be processed in that way, and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.We aim to ensure that the material on our website is accurate and try to correct any errors or omissions as soon as we become aware of them. However, we cannot guarantee that our website is always accurate and error-free. We, therefore, reserve the right to amend any information displayed at any time.11. Financial InformationThe contents of this site are not intended to provide any financial, investment or professional advice and nothing on the pages of this site shall be deemed to constitute the provision of financial, investment or other professional advice in any way.12. Our liabilityWe do not accept responsibility or liability for any loss or damage you may incur (whether directly or indirectly) in the following circumstances:If the information you provide to us is incorrect, incomplete or misleading;If the product or service you apply for is not appropriate for you;As a result of any acts or omissions of Our Partners regarding the product or service you are applying for, and/orAs a result of your use, or inability to use our website due to circumstances beyond our reasonable control.This does not affect our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law including but not limited to the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended, (“FSMA”) or any conduct of business rules developed pursuant to FSMA.13. Viruses, Hacking and other OffencesYou must not use our site knowingly to transmit any data or send or upload any material that contains viruses or any other harmful programs or computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware. You must not access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt any part of our site, any equipment or network on which our site is stored, any software used in the provision of our site or any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.14. ComplaintsWe aim to offer an excellent service to all our customers. If you feel that we have failed to provide our service or wish to make a formal complaint of any kind, please visit our complaints page15. Applicable Law and JurisdictionThese terms and conditions and your access to and use of our website (including any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them), shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with English law.You agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales in connection with these terms and conditions and your access to and use of our website.16. How to Contact UsIf you have any questions about these terms and conditions or would like to contact us for any other reason, you can contact us:by post: Customer Services Manager, Payday Loans Limited, The Charter Building, Charter Place, Uxbridge, UB8 1JG orby email: customerservice@paydayuk.co.ukLast updated 04/02/2020