http://www.comphealth.com/privacy-policy
Jobs
Why CompHealth
Locum Tenens
Employers
Contact us
Blog
Sign in
Contact a recruiter
800.453.3030
Back
Physician
NP
PA
More AP Professions
Therapy
Medical Lab
Pharmacy
Healthcare Mgmt
Imaging & Radiology
Back
Why CompHealth
Healthcare Provider Resources
Back
What is Locum Tenens?
Why Work Locum Tenens?
How Does Locum Tenens work?
Locum Tenens Resources
Back
For Employers
Healthcare Staffing Resources
Locums Revenue Estimator
Back
Search by region
specialties
Anesthesiology
Cardiology
Emergency Medicine
Family Practice
Gastroenterology
General Surgery
Hospitalist
Internal Medicine
Neurology
Obstetrics and Gynecology
Orthopedic Surgery
Pediatrics
Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation
Urgent Care Medicine
Psychiatry
View All Physician Jobs
Back
Search by region
specialties
Cardiac Surgery
Cardiology
Emergency Medicine
Family Practice
General Surgery
Hospitalist
Internal Medicine
Neonatology
Neurology
Occupational Medicine
Oncology
Pain Management
Pediatrics
Psychiatry
Urgent Care
View All Nurse Practitioner Jobs
Back
Search by region
specialties
Dermatology
Cardiac Surgery
Cardiology
Emergency Medicine
Family Practice
General Surgery
Hospitalist
Internal Medicine
Neurological Surgery
Occupational Medicine
Oncology
Pain Management
Pediatrics
Orthopedic Surgery
Urgent Care
View All Physician Assistant Jobs
Back
Search by region
specialties
Anesthesia Assistant
Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetist
Clinical Nurse Specialist
Midwife
Student Registered Nurse Anesthetist
Back
Search by region
specialties
Certified Occupational Therapy Assistant
Occupational Therapist
Physical Therapist
Physical Therapist Assistant
Polysomnographer
Respiratory Therapist
Speech Language Pathologist
Back
Search by region
specialties
Blood Bank
Chemist
Cytotechnologist
Histotechnician
Histotechnologist
Laboratory Information Systems
Laboratory Management
Laboratory Supervisor
Medical Assistant
Medical Laboratory Technician
Medical Laboratory Technologist
Microbiologist
Molecular Pathology
Pathologists Assistant
Toxicology
Back
Search by region
specialties
Clinical Manager Pharmacy
Clinical Pharmacist
Clinical Pharmacy Coordinator
Director of Pharmacy
Informatics Pharmacy Specialist
Medication Safety Pharmacy Specialist
Nuclear Pharmacy Specialist
Oncology BMT Pharmacist
Pediatric Pharmacy Specialist
Pharmacy Manager Supervisor
Back
Search by region
specialties
Accountant
Accounting Finance
Business Office Manager
CFO
CIO
HIM Director
Human Resources Management
Practice Manager Admin
Process Improvement Six Sigma
Quality Improvement
Revenue Cycle Management
RN Educator
RN Director
RN Manager
Social Worker
Back
Search by region
specialties
Cath Lab Technician
Radiologic Technologist
Radiology Manager
Ultrasonographer
Dosimetrist
MRI Technologist
Privacy, Cookies & Data Security Policy
INTRODUCTION
This is the Privacy, Cookies & Data Security Policy (the “Policy”) for www.comphealth.com (the “Site”). This Policy describes
what,
how and why we collect, process and store information about you. This Policy specifies your rights to access,
correct, dispute or delete information about you. By accessing the Site, you expressly consent to the terms of this
Policy, including our collection, processing and storage of information. We reserve the right to make changes to
this Policy from time to time, so we encourage you to read it regularly.
DATA CONTROLLER
All information about you, including information collected through the Site, is
collected,
processed and stored by CHG Healthcare, Inc., 7259 South Bingham Junction Blvd., Midvale, Utah 84047, USA,
1-866-588-3987, privacy@comphealth.com.
DATA COLLECTION
Data You Give Us
To communicate with us, we require you to provide us with the following personal
information: your first name, last name, email address and phone number. If you are interested in our services, we
may request additional information from you such as educational background, work history, curriculum vitae,
specialty, preferred work location or other information which we may append to a data record.
Data from Third Party Sources
We may collect information about you from a public or private third-party source to
create
or supplement our records.
Data from Your Use of the Site
We will automatically collect information about you each time you visit the Site. This
includes technical information (IP address, browser type and version, time zone settings, browser plug-in types and
versions, operating system, platform, etc.), information about your visit (URLs, clickstream data, navigational
data, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such
as
scrolling, clicks and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, etc.) and location data (country
location by IP address, etc.).
Cookies and Other Technologies
The Site uses cookies and/or other similar technologies to collect and store information
about you and your browsing history. These typically involve pieces of information or code that the Site transmits
to you and which is stored in your browser, on your computer’s hard drive or on mobile device. Cookies and
similar technologies sometimes track information to remember you and your browsing preferences.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies and similar technologies, but if you prefer,
you can configure your browser to prevent the acceptance of cookies and similar technologies. Your help screen or
manual will tell you how to do this. Please be aware that configuring your browser to reject cookies may prevent
you
from being able to access all features within the Site and may result in a poor Site experience.
We use these cookies and other technologies on the basis that they are necessary for the
performance of a contract with you, or because using them is in our legitimate interests (where we have considered
that these are not overridden by your rights), and, in some cases, where required by law, where you have consented
to their use.
The Site uses both session cookies (cookies stored on your device during a single visit
and which are automatically deleted as soon as you close your browser) and persistent cookies (cookies that remain
on your device until they are set to expire or you choose to delete them from your browser’s cache). We use
the following types of cookies:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are required for the proper operation of the Site. They include, for
example, cookies that enable you to log into the Site.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how
visitors move around the Site. This helps us for our legitimate interests of improving the way the Site works,
for example, by facilitating users easily finding the content they are looking for.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies are used to recognize you when you return to the Site. This enables us,
subject to your choices and preferences, to personalize our content, greet you by name and remember your
preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting/Advertising Cookies
These cookies record your visit to the Site, the pages you have visited and the links
you have followed. We will use this information, subject to your choices and preferences, to make the Site more
relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for advertising purposes. We
may also work with advertising networks that gather information about your use of the Site and other websites
you
visit. This may result in you seeing our advertisements on other websites. For more information about how to
turn
this feature off see below or visit networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp , www.youronlinechoices.eu or www.youradchoices.ca and www.aboutads.info, You can also choose not to be included in Google Analytics by following
the instructions here.
Do Not Track
Some browsers have a “do not track” feature that lets you tell websites
that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. We currently do not respond to browser “do
not
track” signals.
Disabling Cookies
The effect of disabling cookies depends on which cookies you disable but, in general,
the Site may not operate properly if all cookies are switched off. If you only disable third party cookies, the
Site should still operate properly.
If you want to disable cookies on the Site, you need to change your website browser settings to reject cookies.
How you can do this will depend on the browser you use. There are many online resources which can help you
determine which cookies are acceptable to you and which are not.
DATA USE
Data You Give Us
We use this information to: (1) provide you with information about our services that you
have requested; (2) provide you with information about our services that we feel may be of interest to you, if you
have given your consent to receiving marketing material from us at the point we collected your information, where
required by law, or otherwise in our legitimate interest, provided these interests do not override your right to
object to such communications; and (3) take steps to enter into any contract or carry out our obligations arising
from any contract entered into between you and us.
Data from Third Party Sources
We use this information to create or supplement our records to allow us to provide you
with information about our services that we feel may be of interest to you in our legitimate interests (where we
have considered that these are not overridden by your rights).
Data from Your Use of the Site
We use this information to: (1) administer the Site (troubleshooting, data analysis,
testing, research, statistical, survey purposes, etc.); (2) keep the Site safe and secure; (3) deliver you a
customizable experience; (4) measure or understand the effectiveness of our advertising; (5) improve the Site to
ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer or mobile device; and (6)
allow you to participate in interactive features, when you choose to do so.
DATA DISCLOSURE
We may disclose information about you to: (1) any member of our corporate group, which
means our parent companies, subsidiary companies and holding companies who support our collection, processing,
storage and use of information pursuant to this Policy; or (2) selected third parties, which may include: (a)
organizations who process information on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions; (b) advertisers and
advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant advertisements to you ; and (c) analytics
and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of the Site and subject to the
cookie
section of this Policy.
We may also disclose information about you: (1) in the event that we sell or buy any
business or assets, or if we (or a
substantial portion of our assets) are acquired by a third party, in which case we will disclose information about
our
users to the prospective seller or buyer of such business assets subject to the terms of this Policy; (2) if we are
under a duty to disclose or share information in order to comply with any legal obligation; (3) in order to enforce
or
apply the terms of this Policy or other agreements with you; or (4) to protect the rights, property or safety of
us,
our users or third parties.
DATA SECURITY
With respect to information we collect, process and store, we have implemented reasonable
technical and physical security protocols to (a) ensure the security and confidentiality of the information; (b)
protect against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of the information; (c) protect
against unauthorized access to or use of the information; and (d) ensure the proper disposal of the information.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a username and/or password that
enables
you to access certain parts of the Site, you are responsible for keeping this username and password confidential.
We
ask that you not share your username or password with anyone.
By using our Site or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may
communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of
our Site. If we learn of a security breach involving your personal information, we may attempt to notify you
electronically by sending an email to you. To withdraw your consent to receive electronic notice of a data breach,
please email us at privacy@comphealth.com.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFER
To the extent you submit your information for purposes of use of our services, all
information is processed and stored in the United States of America (“United States”). If you provide
us information and you are
outside of the United States, it will be transferred to, processed, and accessed in the United States. This Policy
shall apply even if we transfer personal information from non-United States countries to other countries.
Accordingly, you consent to any and all information you provide and submit via the site being sent to the United
States. The United States has not sought nor received a finding of “Adequacy” from the
European Union or any other foreign data protection authority. You agree to the transfer of your data and personal
information to the United States, however, to be used in accordance with this Policy.
DATA RETENTION
We retain information about you for so long as we deem reasonably necessary to fulfill
the
purposes set out in this Policy, and in accordance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. We
periodically evaluate information about you for destruction in the event such information is no longer reasonably
necessary to our operations. Anonymous and aggregated information may be stored indefinitely.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have certain legal rights with respect to your personal information you provided to
us
and/or which we obtain about you. These rights are dependent upon the state and/or country where you reside. Where
applicable, your rights may include: (1) the right to request that we correct any information about you that is
incorrect. (2) the right to request that we erase or delete information about you, subject to our reasonable
technical ability to effectuate your request and subject to legal reasons which do not require us to erase or
delete
information about you. (3) the right to withdraw your consent at any time to our continued processing of
information
about you. (4) the right to be provided with a copy of all information about you which is held by us. (5) the right
to request that information about you be moved to a third party. (6) the right to restrict the further processing
of
information about you.
To exercise your rights, please contact the Data Controller as described in the
“Data Controller” section above. If your request or concern is not satisfactorily resolved by us, you
have the right to lodge a complaint with an applicable data supervisory authority, which may be inside or outside
of
the United States of America. We will not discriminate against individuals who exercise these rights. For more
information about your state or country specific privacy notice and rights, please click on the applicable link
below.
If you are a
California resident, click here
to see additional rights you have under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”)
COMMUNICATION PREFERENCES
We may call you by telephone or correspond with you by traditional mail or email. We will
provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of these types of communications. If you choose to receive these types
of communications, but later decide you no longer want to receive them, you may opt-out at any time.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Our services are not directed to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly
collect
personal information from children under the age of 13. If you learn that your child has provided us with personal
information without your consent, you may alert us at privacy@comphealth.com.
If we learn that we have collected personal information of a child under the age of 13 (or under the age of 16 in
certain jurisdictions, such as EU member countries) we will take steps to delete such information from our files as
soon as possible and terminate the child’s account unless we receive verifiable parental consent.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
The Site may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a
link to a third-party site, you will be directed to their site. We have no control over these sites, we cannot
protect your personal information, and we strongly advise you to review the privacy policy on every website you
visit.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We may update this Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting
the new Policy on this page. If we make any material changes to how we treat your personal information, we will
notify you by email to the primary email address specified in your account (if you have one), or through a notice
on our website’s home page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active email address to
contact you. You are advised to review this Policy periodically for any changes. Your continued use of the Site
after such modifications will constitute your acknowledgment of the modified Policy and your agreement to abide and
be bound by the modified Policy. Changes to this Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Last Updated 7/1/2020
3.0
Contact us
800.453.3030
Contact CompHealth
Jobs
Physician
NP
PA
More AP Professions
Therapy
Medical Lab
Pharmacy
Healthcare Mgmt.
Imaging & Radiology
Resources
For Employers
About Us
Blog
Why CompHealth
Why CompHealth
Healthcare provider resources
Careers
Locum Tenens
What is locum tenens?
Why work locum tenens?
How does locum tenens work?
Locum tenens resources
Employers
For employers
Healthcare staffing resources
Blog
Privacy Policy • Site Feedback •
Terms & Conditions • Joint Commission
© 2020 CHG Management, Inc. CHG Healthcare Company
Contact CompHealth
Contact us
Complete the form and we will help you get started.
Submit
Let us help find your next job.
800.453.3030
We have updated our Privacy, Cookies & Data Security Policy, please read for information on how we handle your data and what your rights are.
I Agree