http://www.leoburnett.com/legal/
Leo Burnett
About Us
Clients
Capabilities
Leaders
News
Work
ThinkingLeoScope
Culture
Careers
Nearest office
Santa Fe, Mexico City
+52 55 5246 5959
All offices
Leo Burnett
Close
Offices
SearchSearchClearBack to map
{result.text}
No results
Selected office
,
Your nearest office
Santa Fe, Mexico City
Mexico
Leo Burnett MexicoJavier Barros Sierra 540, Park Plaza Torre 1 Piso 6Santa Fe, Mexico City,
C.P. 01210Mexico
+52 55 5246 5959
Nayeli Bobadilla
Human Resources
Nayeli.bobadilla@leoburnett.com.mx
Horacio Navarro
New Business
Horiacio.navarro@leoburnett.com.mx
Nearby Leo Burnett offices
Santa Fe, Mexico City
Mexico
Chicago
United States
Guatemala City
Guatemala
Detroit
United States
San Salvador
El Salvador
Tegucigalpa
Honduras
Toronto
Canada
Managua
Nicaragua
San Jose
Costa Rica
Montreal
Canada
Panama City
Panama
Santo Domingo
Dominican Republic
Legal
LEO BURNETT WORLDWIDE INTERNET SITE PRIVACY POLICY, TERMS & CONDITIONS
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING CAREFULLY
Welcome to Leo Burnett Worldwide's website. To make this Site fun, useful and informative, we ask that all the visitors to our Site on the World Wide Web (the "Site") adhere to our terms and conditions. By accessing the Site, you indicate your acknowledgment and acceptance of these terms and conditions. Please check these terms periodically for changes. Your continued use of www.leoburnett.com following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
PRIVACY POLICY
Leo Burnett Worldwide (referred to as "Burnett," "we," "us," or "our" herein) uses its best efforts to respect the privacy of its on-line visitors.
When you visit the Site, your browser automatically sends us an IP (Internet Protocol) address and certain other information (including the type of browser you use). We may use this IP address and other information to give you access to the Site and otherwise to administer the Site. In certain parts of the Site, we may ask you to provide us with personal information so that we can provide you with information you request. You are under no obligation to provide us with this information, but without it, we may not be able to provide you the information you request. The Site also may include certain features that allow you to communicate with us by electronic means such as email. You are responsible if you choose to use these communication features to provide personally identifying information to us (such as by including your name in the body of an e-mail message). When you provide any personally identifying information to us, you affirm that you are knowingly and voluntarily providing us the information. We may respond to the electronic communication messages you send us. The use of cookies and other information is used to optimize the viewing experience, troubleshoot any problems and better serve content.
We work to ensure that the personally identifying information you do intentionally provide us remains private. We will not sell, rent, or trade the personally identifying information you provide to anyone outside of Burnett unless we are required to do so by law. Please be aware, however, that it may be possible for others to read messages that you send over the Internet, so do not send by electronic communication any information that you would like to keep confidential.
This privacy policy applies to this Site only, and not to other sites including those of parents and affiliates of Leo Burnett which may have different privacy policies.
RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF MATERIALS
This Site is owned and operated by Burnett. No material from www.leoburnett.com may be copied, modified, sold, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way or in any manner or medium, except that you may download one copy of the materials on any single computer for your personal, non-commercial home use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Copyright notice in the form:
© 2012 Leo Burnett Worldwide
Used With Permission.
All Rights Reserved.
must appear in every copy or reproduction of such Leo Burnett materials. Modification of the materials or use of the materials for any other purpose is a violation of Burnett's copyright and other proprietary rights. Unless otherwise stated, all trademarks, service marks, and trade names are proprietary to Leo Burnett Worldwide and/or Leo Burnett Company, Inc.
SOFTWARE
The material in this Site is provided for lawful purposes only. Any third party software made available for downloading, copying or use through this Site is proprietary to the individual or entity making such software available. Unless otherwise noted neither the title nor the intellectual property rights of the software, including all files, images, contained in or generated by the software, are transferred to you. Downloading, copying or other use of such software is subject to the terms and conditions of the software licensing agreement relating to such software. You may not resell, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or otherwise convert the software to a human perceivable form.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY NOTICE
This Site features trademarks, copyrights and other intellectual property which are the property of, or are licensed to, Burnett, its parents or subsidiaries. This Site also may contain trademarks, copyrights and other intellectual property rights of third parties, including our clients. All such rights are proprietary to their respective owners. Users are prohibited by law and these conditions from modifying, copying, distributing, transmitting, displaying, publishing, selling, licensing, creating derivative works or using any content on this Site for commercial or public purposes. Except as specifically permitted in accordance with the terms and conditions governing use of this Site, any use of such trademarks or tradenames is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of these owners.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Every user who visits this Site does so at his or her own risk. The materials in this Site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind either express or implied including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, title, non-infringement, security or accuracy. Burnett, nor any other party involved in the creation, production or delivery of this Site or whose materials or information appear in this Site, will not be liable for any damages or injury caused by, including but not limited to, any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation of transmission, computer virus, line failure, technical inaccuracies, typographical errors or the inability to use the materials in this Site, even if there is negligence on Burnett's part or an authorized Burnett representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages, or both. The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you to the extent that applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages. In that event, Burnett's total liability to you for all losses, damages, and causes of action (in contract, tort, including without limitation, negligence, or otherwise) will not be greater than the amount you paid to access this Site.
LINKS
This Site may include links to other websites operated by parties other than Leo Burnett. Burnett is not responsible and assumes no responsibility for the contents of any non-Burnett linked Internet website, or for any potential damage arising out of or in connection with the use of any such link. The Internet websites to which links are provided in this Site are not under the control of Burnett. Access to any other Internet sites linked to the Site is at the user's own risk.
In addition, the existence of a link between this Site and any other Internet website is not and shall not be understood to be an endorsement or review by Burnett of any material, website policies, substance, information or of the owner or proprietor of the linked Internet website, and such link shall not imply nor create any relationship nor endorsement between Burnett and the owner or proprietor of such linked website.
NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT OR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT
Burnett may, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, disable and/or terminate the access of users who infringe the intellectual property of others. If You believe that Your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or Your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide Leo Burnett’s Copyright Agent with a Notice containing the following information:
a.an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest;
b.a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that You claim has been infringed;
c.a description of where the material that You claim is infringing is located on the site;
d.Your address, telephone number, and email address;
e.a statement by You that You have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
f.a statement by You, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in Your Notice is accurate and that You are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner’s behalf.
Leo Burnett’s Copyright Agent for Notice of claims of copyright or other intellectual property infringement can be reached via email at copyrightagent@leoburnett.com or via mail at Leo Burnett Worldwide, Attention: Copyright Agent, 35 West Wacker Drive, Chicago, Illinois 60601 (312-220-5959).
UNSOLICITED IDEAS
Please note that it is a policy of Burnett not to accept or consider unsolicited creative, production-related or other materials of any kind. We develop the concepts and ideas for use in advertising, promotion, public relations and whatever else is appropriate to promote the products and services of our clients. Long ago, we adopted a policy of not considering ideas or suggestions from anyone not employed or under contract to Burnett for the purpose of presenting such ideas.
We will not consider suggestions or ideas submitted to Burnett without solicitation because of the potential misunderstandings that may result. Do not send us any creative materials, such as stories, promotion or commercial ideas, music or original artwork for any reason.
If, despite this statement, you choose to submit unsolicited creative, production-related or other materials of any kind, please be advised that all such remarks, suggestions, ideas, graphics, or other information communicated to Burnett through this Site (together "Submission") will forever become the property of Burnett. Burnett will not be required to treat any Submission as confidential, and will not be liable for any ideas for its business (including without limitation, product, or advertising ideas for our clients) and will not incur any liability as a result of any similarities that may appear in future Burnett operations. Without limitation, Burnett will have exclusive ownership of all present and future existing rights to the Submission of every kind and nature everywhere. Burnett will be entitled to use the Submission for any purpose whatsoever without compensation to you or any other person sending the Submission.
TERMINATION
These terms remain in effect for all use made of this Site unless specifically terminated by Burnett. Burnett may amend or terminate these terms at any time for any reason, with or without notice. Upon termination, you must destroy all materials obtained from this Site and all copies thereof, whether made under the terms of these terms or otherwise.
MISCELLANEOUS
These terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, in the United States of America, regardless of where the user is based. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these terms shall be filed only in the state or federal courts located in Cook County, Illinois, U.S.A., and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action. If any provision of these terms shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. Burnett can revise these Terms and Conditions at any time by updating this posting. Burnett may be contacted by writing to:
35 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL. 60601.
© 2012 Leo Burnett Worldwide
All rights reserved.