http://www.boardmanbikes.com/gb_en/privacy-policy.html
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
1. INTRODUCTION
Boardman is an award-winning bicycle brand, and renowned international bicycle manufacturer and retailer, leading the way in both design and function.
Boardman is operated by Halfords Limited, who acts as “Data Controller” in respect of the information gathered and processed by this website.
If you have any comments or queries regarding our use of your data, please contact our Data Protection Officer by email at dataprotectionofficer@halfords.co.uk or by post at Data Protection Officer, Halfords, Icknield Street Drive, Washford West, Redditch B98 0DE.
2. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU?
This website will only collect personal information about you, such as your email address, so that we can communicate with you effectively, ensuring you don't miss out on great promotions, offers and helpful reminders.
Should you wish to make a purchase via this website, necessitating you to provide additional data, you will be transferred to
www.halfords.com – at that point, the Halfords’ Privacy Policy will apply www.halfords.com/privacy.
Please also be advised that when you visit this website, cookies will be used to collect information about you such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address which connects your computer or mobile device to the internet, and information about your visit such as the pages you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors etc. We do this so that we can measure our website’s performance and make improvements in the future. For further information, please see our Cookies Policy
here.
3. HOW WILL WE USE THAT INFORMATION?
We use the data collected from you for the specific purposes listed in the table below. Please note that this table also explains:
the lawful basis for processing your data, linked to each processing purpose;
in what circumstances your data will be shared with a third party organisation; and
for how long we keep your data.
Data that is collected by cookies is not included in the table below, but is explained in section 3 of our Cookies Policy
here.
Purpose for processing data
Lawful basis for processing data
Third party organisations with whom data is shared
Data retention period
To send emails about special offers and promotions that are relevant to you, as well as helpful reminders
Consent, as customers proactively give us their email address so that we can contact them
Customer details will be held in our customer database which is managed on our behalf by Planning-Inc. Emails will be sent by MailChimp
6 years from the customer’s final transaction
4. OVERSEAS TRANSFERS
None of the data that we collect, process or store about you is transferred outside the European Economic Area (EEA). This includes information that is exchanged with any third party organisation as described in section 3 of this Privacy Statement.
5. YOUR RIGHTS
Under the terms of data protection legislation, you have the following rights as a result of using this website:
5.1. RIGHT TO BE INFORMED
This Privacy Statement, together with our Cookies Policy, fulfils our obligation to tell you about the ways in which we use your information as a result of you using this website.
5.2. RIGHT TO ACCESS
You have the right to ask us, in writing, for a copy of any personal data that we hold about you. This is known as a “Subject Access Request”. Except in exceptional circumstances (which we would discuss and agree with you in advance), you can obtain this information at no cost. We will send you a copy of the information within 30 days of your request.
To make a Subject Access Request, please write to our Data Protection Officer at
Halfords Limited, Icknield Street Drive, Washford West, Redditch B98 0DE.
5.3. RIGHT TO RECTIFICATION
If any of the information that we hold about you is inaccurate, you can contact our Data Protection Officer at
dataprotectionofficer@halfords.co.uk. Any corrections that you request will be made as soon as possible, and certainly no later than 30 days following your notification.
5.4. RIGHT TO BE FORGOTTEN
You can ask that we erase all personal information that we hold about you. Where it is appropriate that we comply, your request will be fully actioned within 30 days. For further information, please contact our Data Protection Officer at
dataprotectionofficer@halfords.co.uk.
5.5. RIGHT TO OBJECT
You have the right to object to:
the continued use of your data for any purpose listed in section 3 of this Privacy Statement for which consent is identified as the lawful basis of processing (i.e. you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time);
the continued use of your data for any purpose listed in section 3 of this Privacy Statement for which the lawful basis of processing is that it has been deemed legitimate.
Contact our Data Protection Officer at
dataprotectionofficer@halfords.co.uk.
Please note that you can also exercise your right to object to our use of cookies by following the guidance in section 4 of our Cookies Policy
here.
5.6. RIGHT TO RESTRICT PROCESSING
If you wish us to restrict the use of your data because (i) you think it is inaccurate but this will take time to validate, (ii) you believe our data processing is unlawful but you do not want your data erased, (iii) you want us to retain your data in order to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim, or (iv) you wish to object to the processing of your data, but we have yet to determine whether this is appropriate, please contact our Data Protection Officer at
dataprotectionofficer@halfords.co.uk.
5.7. RIGHT TO DATA PORTABILITY
If you would like us to move, copy or transfer the data that we hold about you to another organisation, please contact our Data Protection Officer at
dataprotectionofficer@halfords.co.uk.
Please be advised that this only applies to certain data which has been submitted by you electronically for specific purposes only. Our Data Protection Officer can provide further advice.
5.8. RIGHTS RELATED TO AUTOMATED DECISION-MAKING
This website does not employ any automated decision-making techniques.
6. DATA PRIVACY AND SECURITY
We maintain a comprehensive data management work programme, which includes processes for ensuring that data protection is a key consideration of all new and existing IT systems that hold customers’ personal data. Where any concerns, risks or issues are identified, we conduct relevant impact assessments in order to determine any actions that are necessary to ensure optimum privacy.
We also maintain an active information security work programme which seeks to protect the availability, confidentiality and integrity of all physical and information assets. Specifically, this helps us to:
protect against potential breaches of confidentiality;
ensure all IT facilities are protected against damage, loss or misuse;
increase awareness and understanding of the requirements of information security, and the responsibility of our colleagues to protect the confidentiality and integrity of the information that they handle; and
ensure the optimum security of this website.
We recognise that the security of data and transactions on this website is of primary importance. We therefore ensure that all connections to secure parts of the website (such as when you login) are encrypted and authenticated using strong protocols, key exchanges and ciphers.
7. LOCATION TRACKING
This website uses geo-location tracking to provide the “Find a Retailer” functionality.
This service is supported by Google Maps. Users are bound by the Google Maps / Google Earth Additional Terms of Service which includes the Google Privacy Policy
8. DISCLAIMERS
Every effort is made to ensure that the information provided on this website, and in this Privacy Statement, is accurate and up-to-date, but no legal responsibility is accepted for any errors or omissions contained herein.
We cannot accept liability for the use made by you of the information on this website or in this Privacy Statement, nor do we warrant that the supply of the information will be uninterrupted. All material accessed or downloaded from this website is obtained at your own risk. It is your responsibility to use appropriate anti-virus software.
This Privacy Statement applies solely to the data collected by us, and therefore does not also apply to data collected by third party websites and services that are not under our control. Furthermore, we cannot be held responsible for the Privacy Statements on third party websites, and we advise users to read these carefully before registering any personal data.
9. ACCESSIBILITY
We are committed to providing a website in which content is accessible to everyone. We therefore update our website regularly in order to make it as adaptable as possible.
For example, users can control the text size of each page within their browser. On a PC, holding the “Ctrl” key while pressing the “+” (plus) key will increase text size, and holding the “Ctrl” key while pressing the “-“ (minus) key will decrease the text size.
10. GENERAL
Questions and comments regarding this Privacy Statement are welcomed, and should be sent to our Data Protection Officer at
dataprotectionofficer@halfords.co.uk
You can also contact our Data Protection Officer if you have any concerns or complaints about the ways in which your personal data has been handled as a result of you using this website.
Alternatively, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office who may be contacted at Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow SK9 5AF or
https://ico.org.uk.