http://www.premierheart.com/webapp/contents/privacy.php
Home | Login
About Us
News
Technology
Clinical Trials
Sales
Contact Us
Privacy PolicyLast updated April 25,2005
Website Privacy Policy
HIPAA Statement
Your privacy is important to you - and
us.
Privacy Policy
Premier Heart, LLC ("Premier Heart") respects the privacy of visitors to its websites, and we recognize your need for appropriate protection and management of personally identifiable information you share with us (any information by which you can be identified, including but not limited to, name, address, e-mail address, and telephone number). That is why we have established this Privacy Policy, so that you are informed about how we treat any personally identifiable information that you provide to us in the course of using this website.
This Privacy Policy will inform you of:
How you will be informed of updates to this Privacy Policy
What personally identifiable information of yours we may collect from you through our website
How we may use your personally identifiable information
Limits on how we would share and disclose your personally identifiable information
Our policy regarding links to third party websites
Security of our website
How you can correct and update your personally identifiable information
Privacy Policy Updates -
Due to the Internet's rapidly evolving nature, Premier Heart may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time.
If so, Premier Heart will post its updated Privacy Policy on our website located at www.premierheart.com so users are always aware of what personally identifiable information we may collect and how we may use this information.
Premier Heart encourages you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
Your continued use of this website will be subject to the then-current Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use -
You can generally visit our website without revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself.
However, to access certain options and services we may ask you to provide certain personally identifiable information and without providing such personally identifiable information, you may be unable to access certain options and services.
We collect personally identifiable information about you only if you voluntarily provide it to us and you have the option not to provide any personally identifiable information to us.
The following is personally identifiable information that you may voluntarily provide to us and how we use it:
Surveys. Information obtained from you on web surveys, such as contact information (name and shipping address), demographic information (zip code, age level) and medical condition.
We may use this personally identifiable information to provide you with information and services for which you have expressed an interest or that you may find useful based on your answers in a survey.
Additionally, we may refer to your personally identifiable information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our website.
Newsletters. Information obtained from you from your request to subscribe to a newsletter, such as contact information (name and e-mail address).
We may use this personally identifiable information to deliver the newsletters that you have elected to receive.
Registration. Information obtained from you on registration forms used to process your requests for services and information, such as contact information (name, address, e-mail address), password, username or code, age, date of birth, gender, ethnicity and medical condition.
This registration information may also be gathered if you register for certain services via fax or mail.
We may use this information to send you a welcoming e-mail to verify your username and password, website updates, special offers, notices regarding relevant medical conditions and treatment, or other information responsive to the data that you provide to us.
Additionally, we may refer to your personally identifiable information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our website.
Employment. Information obtained from you on registration forms to process your requests to create an account to access job postings and to post your resume, such as contact information (name, e-mail address, mailing address), password, username or code, employment history and any other personally identifiable information contained in your resume that you post to the website.
We may use your personally identifiable information to send you a welcoming e-mail to verify your username and password, for employee recruitment purposes and to respond to your requests for information.
Premier Heart is the owner of all information collected on this website.
Minors -
You must be 18 years of age or older to submit registration or survey information.
If you are under the age of 18 and wish to register to obtain further information or be included in a survey, then your parent or legal guardian must register to obtain the information or to participate in the survey.
Log Files and Aggregate Information -
We may track the total number of visitors to our website, the number of visitors to each page of our website, IP addresses, and the domain names of our users' Internet Service Providers, and we may analyze these data for trends and statistics in the aggregate, but such information will be in aggregate form only and it will not contain personally identifiable data.
Such aggregate information is not linked to any personally identifiable information that can identify any individual person.
We may use such aggregate information to analyze trends, administer the website, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
We may share this aggregate information with our corporate partners and contracted vendors to assist us in operating the website and to enable them to better understand Premier Heart's business.
Sharing and Disclosure -
We may provide your personally identifiable information that we collect and the data generated by cookies to a parent, subsidiary or affiliate entity within the Premier Heart corporate family, partner entities, and the vendors and service agencies that we may engage to assist us.
For example, we may provide your personally identifiable information to an organization in order to complete a service (e.g., send out newsletter e-mails you have requested), to assist us in reviewing the data or to provide marketing or advertising on our behalf.
Any organization to which we provide such personally identifiable information is also required to keep your personally identifiable information confidential in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We will also disclose your personally identifiable information if we reasonably believe we are required to do so by law, regulation or other government authority (such as reporting safety information to the Food and Drug Administration). We will not sell your personally identifiable information to any other company or organization except we may transfer your personally identifiable information to a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation or other corporate reorganization in which Premier Heart participates or to a purchaser of all or substantially all of Premier Heart's assets.
Such successor entity shall be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
Links to Third Party Sites -
Some of our websites may contain links to other websites on the Internet that are not under the control of or maintained by Premier Heart.
Such links do not constitute an endorsement by Premier Heart of those other websites, the content displayed therein, or the persons or entities associated therewith.
You acknowledge that Premier Heart is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and you agree that Premier Heart is not responsible for the content of such websites.
Your use of these other linked websites is subject to the respective terms of use and privacy policies located on the linked websites.
Security -
Premier Heart and its third party providers may employ procedural and technological security measures, consistent with industry practice.
Such measures are reasonably designed to protect your personally identifiable information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction.
Premier Heart may use encryption, password protection, secure socket layers, internal restrictions and other security measures to help prevent unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information.
© Premier Heart, LLC     -    Privacy Policy