http://www.acxesspring.com/privacy-policy.html
Account Settings Language
English
Español
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Acxess Spring uses and protects any information that you give Acxess Spring when you use this website. Acxess Spring is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Acxess Spring may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You are therefore advised to revisit this page periodically to ensure that you agree with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postal code, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service. It may also be used for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
We may also use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes.
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at contact@acxesspring.com
Protection of Information
The security of your personal information is very important to us. We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
We also implement several organizational, technical and physical measures designed to protect the personal information we collect, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no security safeguards are 100% secure and we cannot guarantee the security of your information. If you have any questions, contact us at: contact@acxesspring.com
Questions/Concerns or Inquiries
Any questions about this Privacy Policy should be addressed to privacy@acxesspring.com or by mail at:
Acxess Spring,
2225 E. Cooley Drive,
Colton, CA. 92324.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you, under the Data Protection Act 2018. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to 2225 E. Cooley Dr, Colton, CA 92324.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us (contact@acxesspring.com) as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct or eliminate any information found to be inaccurate.