http://www.cues.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy (“Policy”) covers Credit Union Executives Society (CUES) treatment of personal information or personally identifiable information (both "Personal Information") that may be collected or submitted when the web-user (“you”) are using the CUES website or services. This Policy does not apply to companies that CUES does not own or control, or to individuals that are not under CUES supervisory control. Please understand that whenever you voluntarily disclose Personal Information online this information cannot be made one-hundred percent secure and, in some cases, that information can be intercepted, collected and used by others. However, we work hard to protect your information at all times, and protect your information in several ways. Your information is stored on a secure server that CUES and its authorized personnel can only access through a password. Additionally, we encrypt your information to prevent third parties without authorization from intercepting your information when it is in transit to us.
How We Collect Your Personal Information
While using the CUES website, you may submit Personal Information when registering for events, signing up for membership, ordering products, and posting content. Depending on the service or process, the Personal Information you may be asked to provide is your Name, Postal Address, Email address, Phone number, Credit or Debit Card Information, Age, Gender or other demographic information. CUES uses Google Universal Analytics to collect the information while you visit our site. Location information and Personal Information may also be collected, or your IP address logged when you visit CUES' website. Your IP information allows us to understand how you use our site and to enable us to make changes to our site in order to improve your experience. Information regarding your computer, your connection to our website (such as your browser type, operating system, and platform) and your user history (including, but not limited to, your session information, page errors and the length of your visits to specific pages within our website) may also be collected.
Our Use of Cookies
CUES uses cookies to remember certain user information. Cookies are electronic identifiers that are transferred automatically to your computer through your browser that allow our computers to save certain information you provide us and store information about you so we can recognize you when you visit our website in the future. This allows you to avoid logging in more than once, which saves time, and create a customized website that fits your needs. You may, at any time, disable or refuse to accept cookies by changing the preferences or settings on your web browser. If you choose to disable cookies, you will still be able to use our website. However, you will not be able to fully take advantage of certain automation and other functionality features available.
How We Use Your Personal Information
CUES may use the Personal Information you provide for purposes such as: carrying out a registration made by you; customizing the advertising and content you see; fulfilling your requests for products and services (including purchases); improving the content and overall look and feel of our website and services, contacting you, conducting research, providing anonymous reporting for internal and external clients, contacting users regarding changes to our website or business, and customizing the content that you see on the CUES' website. CUES may also retain the details of purchases and other transactions or payments made with us or the partners affiliated with our website.
How Your Personal Information is Disclosed.
It is CUES' policy not to disclose, sell or rent your Personal Information to any individual, business, government entity or outside parties except: (i) to provide products or services you've requested through us; (ii) in response to a validly-issued subpoena, court order, or other legal process; (iii) when necessary to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal action; or (v) where you request CUES to do so. From time to time, CUES may use return email addresses to answer the email we receive from you. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose. Your Personal Information will not be collected for use that is in violation of the law, or unrelated to that discussed in this Policy, unless you are also provided an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Setting Up User Accounts
CUES allows users to set up personal accounts to shop in our online store or to participate in our online communities. You have the ability to edit information you provide at any time, and may delete your account at your convenience. Unless CUES is required to respond to court orders, subpoenas or comply with applicable law CUES will use its best efforts to ensure that unauthorized third parties do not access your user account information.
Correcting Your Personally Identifiable Information
You are responsible for ensuring that all Personal Information you provide on the website is maintained and kept current.
Web Statistics & Shared Data
We collect and use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement, and gather  broad demographic information for reporting and sponsorship purposes. From time to time, we may use this information to better design our website and to share with select advertising partners, sponsors, and/or affiliates however IP addresses are not linked to Personal Information. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we will not disclose to these partners, sponsors, and/or affiliates anything that could be used to personally identify those individuals.
Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of children is especially important to us. For that reason, we do not collect information provided by users under the age of 13, nor do we solicit information from users under the age of 13.
Scope of this Policy; Third Party Websites
Although this policy applies to all information obtained from you for the purpose of accessing or using content controlled and owned by CUES, it does not apply to businesses or entities that are not owned or controlled by us.
This website contains links to other third party websites. Please be aware that CUES does not claim any responsibility for the privacy practices of these third party sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to take reasonable precautions when sharing your personally identifiable information on third party websites.
Opt-In Policy
As a CUES member you agree to "opt in" to receive newsletters, promotional offers and other useful information from us. To unsubscribe from our mailings (except important system and content update information), you may go to the Account section of the Website and edit your preferences by selecting preferences or click the “update subscription preferences” link at the bottom of our emails.
Encryption.
All user account pages are protected with Secure Socket Layer ("SSL") encryption. All user accounts must be accessed with usernames and passwords. You are advised not to share your username and password with any other person.
Amendments
CUES reserves the right to amend this policy at any time. CUES will contact registered users by email, and shall also post a notice of changes on its web site, when and if the terms of this policy are amended.
Contact
You may contact CUES directly by emailing cues@cues.org should you have any questions regarding this policy.
Credit Union
Executives Society