http://www.schindler.com/com/internet/en/system/disclaimer-navigation/cookie-policy.html
Home
Service Navigation
Main Navigation
Content
Contact
Search
Go back
Schindler Group Website
Schindler Cookie Policy
Last updated September 2020
Thank you for visiting (one of) the Schindler Group websites (“Sites”) of Schindler Holding Ltd. and/or its affiliates (“Schindler”) and your interest in Schindler products and services.
1. Introduction
At Schindler, we strive to honor the privacy and security of our users, customers and suppliers, as well as their representatives, in relation to all products, services, applications and websites provided by Schindler Holding Ltd. and any of its affiliates acting as a controller under relevant data protection rules and regulations. You can find a list and contact details of such Schindler controller entities on the following page: https://www.schindler.com/schindler-in-europe
By using our Sites, you consent to our use of cookies, pixel tags and other means of identification and local storage (together referred to as “Cookies”) in accordance with this cookie policy (“Cookie Policy”). If you do not agree to our use of Cookies and other means of identification in this way, you should set your browser settings accordingly or not use our Sites.
2. What are Cookies?
What is a Cookie?
A Cookie is a small piece of data that is placed on your computer or mobile device by websites you visit. Cookies are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the website.
What does a Cookie do?
A Cookie may store or retrieve information on your browser. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. A Cookie enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don't have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the website or browse from one page to another.
The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience.
3. Purpose of this Cookie Policy
This Cookie Policy explains why and how we use Cookies and other means of identification when you visit the Sites.
At Schindler, we strive to honor your right to privacy. To this end, we have issued this Cookie Policy. It describes how, why and the types of Cookies and other means of identification Schindler uses when you (i) register or visit the Sites, www.schindler.com or associated Sites or (ii) engage with us to use the services that Schindler provides on the Sites.
This Cookie Policy applies to the Sites and applications accessed or used through such Sites or platforms which are operated by or on behalf of Schindler.
Your consent to our use of Cookies
By using our Sites, you consent to our use of Cookies and other means of identification in accordance with this Cookie Policy. If you do not agree to our use of Cookies and other means of identification in this way, you should set your browser settings accordingly or not use our Sites.
If you disable Cookies that we use, this may impact your user experience and the services we are able to offer while visiting our Sites.
For further information on how to block Cookies, please see section 5 “How to manage your Cookie preference”.
Our use of your Personal Data
For more information about the kinds of Personal Data that we generally collect when visiting our Sites and how we use this data, please read our Online Privacy Policy.
4. Why we use Cookies
Why we use Cookies
We use Cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website and of websites of our network, to let you navigate between pages efficiently and to store your preferences. Cookies provide you with a good experience when you browse on our Sites and they help us tailor our Sites and services to your personal needs. They also allow us to gain customer satisfaction feedback and to communicate to you elsewhere on the internet.
If you revisit our Sites, we may recognize you, even if we do not know your identity.
Cookies set by Schindler or third parties
In many cases, these Cookies lead to the use of your device’s processing or storage capabilities. Some of these Cookies are set by Schindler itself, others by third parties; some only last as long as your browser session, while others can stay active on your device for a longer period of time.
5. How to manage your Cookie settings on your browser
Internet browsers allow you to change your Cookie settings, for instance to block certain kinds of Cookies or files. You can therefore block Cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some Cookies.
However, if you use your browser settings to block all Cookies, you may not be able to access all or parts of our Sites, due to the fact that some may be functionality Cookies.
For further information about deleting or blocking Cookies, please visit: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/.
6. What specific Cookies do we use
Manage your cookie settings with the Cookie Preference Center.
7. More information about Cookies
Where to find more information about Cookies
You can find more information about Cookies and similar tags/files under the following addresses:
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
(a guide to behavioral advertising and online privacy, produced by the internet advertising industry)
8. Use of Social Media Plugins
How we use Social Bookmarks (e.g. Facebook, Twitter, Google+ or LinkedIn)
We may use Social Bookmarks (for example Facebook, Twitter, Google+ or LinkedIn) allow users of those social media platforms to post links of selected Schindler Sites on their corresponding social media profile in order to bookmark them or share them with their social media contacts. The Sites may contain Social Bookmarks which are identifiable by means of respective share buttons.
For further information please consult our Online Privacy Policy.
9. Changes to this Cookie Policy
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this Cookie Policy at any time. We shall notify any such changes in according with applicable legislation.
10. How to contact us
If you have any questions or comments regarding this Cookie Policy, your Personal Data or data privacy at Schindler, please contact us at:
Schindler Management Ltd. – Headquarters
Zugerstrasse 13
6030 Ebikon
Switzerland
Phone: +41 41 445 31 31
Email: dataprivacy@schindler.com