https://www.kamaayurveda.com/privacy-policy
Shop your favourite essentials & get Joys of Hydration box complimentary on purchases above Rs. 3,500. * T&C apply.
Curated gift boxes for all ocassions
Menu
Account
Skincare
By Category
Cleansers & Scrubs
Creams & Moisturizers
Toners & Mists
Masks
Serums & Treatments
Lip Care
By Concern
Skin Brightening
Anti Ageing
Anti Acne
Tan Removal
Dryness & Dehydration
Oil Control
Body Areas You Need to stop neglecting this Winter
winter
View all Skincare
Haircare
By Category
Hair Cleansers
Conditioners
Oils & Treatments
Organic Hair Color
By Concern
Hair Loss & Thinning
Dandruff
Dryness & Damage
Premature Graying
Color Protection
View all Haircare
Bath & Body
By Category
Cleansers & Salts
Handmade Soaps
Body Scrubs & Exfoliators
Body Moisturizers
Body Mists
Treatment Oils & Balms
Bath & Body Oils
Certified Organic Oils
Hand Care
Foot Care
By Concern
Brightening & Tan Removal
Dryness & Dehydration
Firming & Stretch Marks
Stress Relief & Rejuvenation
Pain Relief Oil & Balm
View all Bath & Body
Men's
Men's Cleansers & Scrubs
Men's Shaving
Men's Moisturizers
Men's Hair Care
Men's Bath & Body
View all Men's
Mother & Child
Gifting
Gift Sets
Mini Daily Rituals
Gifts for Him
Gifts for Her
Regime
Gift Boxes
Corporate Gifting
E-Gift Card
View all Gifting
Wellness
Essential oils
Candles
Incense sticks
View all Wellness
Best Seller
Free Trial
All ProductBook a consultAboutIngredientsBlogLocationsHotel & SpaAmaaya
Sign in
Register
My Cart
My Account
My WishList
Track your order
Privacy
and Cookies
Kama Ayurveda insists upon the highest standards for secure transactions and protection of your Personal Information and its privacy. Please read the following statement to learn about our information gathering and dissemination practices.
Note: Our privacy policy is subject to change at any time without notice. To make sure you are aware of any changes, please review this policy periodically.
Kama Ayurveda is committed to protecting and safeguarding your privacy.
This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information that is collected on the Kama Ayurveda website, how we mutually benefit from such information, how we may use that information and with whom we may share the same. The Privacy Policy also describes the measures we take to protect the security of this information as well as how you can access, modify or delete your personal information at any time. It also explains how you can object to the processing of your personal information or to receiving communications about our products and services.
By mere use of the website, you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree please do not use or access our Site. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the
Terms and Conditions
1. Collection Of Personally Identifiable Information (PII) And Other Information
Kama Ayurveda limits itself to collect information in order to ensure accurate service. Most of the information we collect is very basic and is needed to complete a purchase or provide a refund. Examples of customer information that may be collected by us include your name, address, telephone number, date of birth, email address, descriptions of the items requested or purchased, language preference, the IP address and operating system of your computer, and the browser type and version being used by you.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties.
We may automatically track certain information about you based upon your behavior on our site. We use this information to do internal research on our users' demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand, protect and serve our users. This information is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis. This information may include the URL that you just came from (whether this URL is on our site or not), which URL you next go to (whether this URL is on our site or not), your computer browser information, and your IP address.
Credit Card, Debit Card and Banking InformationKama Ayurveda does not collect or store Credit Card or Debit Card or any of your banking information as it is directly transmitted through the payment gateway provider to the payment network or bank.
2. Registration
In order to take advantage of some features of the site, you must register and create a member account which is free of any cost. An online registration form may require you to provide information such as your name, email address, and a password.
Your password is a component of our security system. As such, it is your responsibility to protect it. Do not share your password with any third parties. If your password has been compromised for any reason, you should change it immediately.
3. Technologies That Allow Us To Customise Your Experience On Kama Ayurveda
We use various technologies to collect information relating to your visit to our website, such as the Uniform Resource Locater (URL) that referred you to our website, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, etc. This enables us to enhance and customise your experience on our website. For example, we may collect the Internet Protocol (IP) address identifying your computer or device and indicating your geographic region for statistical purposes. In some instances, we may use these technologies in combination with the personally identifiable information you provide on the website. These technologies may provide a variety of information such as whether you have visited Kama Ayurveda before. They also may enable you to save your preferences. Each technology is explained below.
Web Beacons And Tracking Links
Web Beacons (also called clear gifs and pixel tags), tracking links and/or similar technology consist of a few lines of code and are embedded on the pages of our website. They are often used in combination with Cookies and are often not visible to the user of the website. Web Beacons may relay information to third parties such as our service providers and may be used in order to track customer response to certain advertising, to better target interactive advertising and to enhance customer support and usability. If you reject our Cookies (see Cookie section below), you will prevent Web Beacons from relaying this information about you and may limit your use of some of our website features.
Cookies
We use data collection devices such as "cookies" on certain pages of the website to help analyze our web page flow, measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety. "Cookies" are small files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing our services. We offer certain features that are only available through the use of a "cookie". We also use cookies to allow you to enter your password less frequently during a session. Cookies can also help us provide information that is targeted to your interests. Most cookies are "session cookies," meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on the website and you may be required to reenter your password more frequently during a session.
4. Use Of Your Personal Information, Demographic And Profile Data
We use personal information to provide the services you request. To the extent we use your personal information to market to you, we will provide you the ability to opt-out of such uses. We use your personal information to resolve disputes; troubleshoot problems; help promote a safe service; collect money; measure consumer interest in our products and services, inform you about online and offline offers, products, services, and updates; customize your experience; detect and protect us against error, fraud and other criminal activity; enforce our terms and conditions; and as otherwise described to you at the time of collection.
In our efforts to continually improve our product and service offerings, we collect and analyze demographic and profile data about our users' activity on our website.
We identify and use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website. Your IP address is also used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information.
We will occasionally ask you to complete optional online surveys. These surveys may ask you for contact information and demographic information (like zip code, age, or income level). We use this data to tailor your experience at our site, providing you with content that we think you might be interested in and to display content according to your preferences.
5. How Do We Mutually Benefit From The Personal Information?
Marketing Emails
In case you choose to leave your email address with us we would deliver to you information through emails such as our newsletters, surveys or other email messages containing product and event information, cosmetics tips or promotions. If at any time you decide that you would not like to receive these emails, you may select the 'Unsubscribe' link on the email or edit your information and consent to receive email and other communication in the 'Profile' section for registered users.
Text Messages
If you have chosen to leave your mobile phone number with us, you may receive text message/SMS alerts containing product and event information, cosmetics tips or promotions on your mobile phone. Please note that we will never send you any unsolicited text message on your mobile phone. Kama Ayurveda does not charge any fee for you to receive any text message from us. However, your mobile service provider may charge you for sending and/or receiving text messages and air-time, as well as any other standard applicable rates charged by your mobile service provider.
Telephone Calls
If you have chosen to leave your mobile phone number or landline number on our website, you may receive phone calls containing product and event information, cosmetics tips or promotions on your mobile phone or landline phone.
Communications To Serve You
If you have chosen to provide us with your contact information, we may provide you with service related announcements by any means, including email, letters and concerning the website or contact you regarding your customer service requests or questions. For example, all registered users will receive a welcoming email to confirm their registration. These types of communications are necessary to serve you, respond to your concerns and to provide the high level of customer service that Kama Ayurveda offers its customers.
Customised Service
We may use your personal information you have chosen to give us to provide you with customised service and use of our website. For example, we may suggest products that would be of particular interest to you. Such customised information may be conveyed to you by way of emails or text messages/sms and phone calls.
Special Events, Questionnaires And Surveys
On occasion, Kama Ayurveda may sponsor special events (such as contests, promotions or other offerings), questionnaires and surveys. There may be specific rules applicable to these promotions that explain how any personal information you provide will be processed. We strongly suggest you review any applicable rules before participating. To the extent any special event, questionnaire or survey is not subject to specific rules, the processing of personal information is governed by this Privacy Policy and the purposes it sets forth.
Employment
If you provide personal information to us with respect to employment, such as your resume, we will treat such personal information as confidential and use it only to consider you for current and future employment opportunities and to contact you with respect to employment with us or our affiliates. We will retain your information for further recruitment opportunities that may arise, unless you tell us that you no longer wish for us to retain your information.
An "Affiliate" is a person or entity that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by, or is under common control with, our company.
6. Advertisements On Kama Ayurveda
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. We do not take any responsibility with respect to your visits to such other websites and providing any information/s therein.
7. Links To Other Sites
Occasionally, we may make available a link to a third party web site. These links will let you leave the portal. The linked sites are not under our control and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any changes or updates to such sites. We are not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any linked site. We provide the links to you only as a convenience. We do not endorse the site or its use or contents.
8. Sharing Of Personal Information
We may share personal information with our other corporate entities and affiliates who may use the said information in accordance with this policy to: help detect and prevent identity theft, fraud and other potentially illegal acts; correlate related or multiple accounts to prevent abuse of our services; and to facilitate joint or co-branded services that you request where such services are provided by more than one corporate entity. If you have any objection to such sharing than we request you should not provide us with any information.
We may retain other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf consistent with this Privacy Policy. Examples include webstore management companies, order processing companies, courier companies, data analysis firms, customer support specialists, email vendors, web-hosting companies and fulfillment companies (e.g., companies that coordinate mailings). Such third parties may be provided with access to personal information needed to perform their functions but may not use such information other than on our behalf and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
In addition, in some instances, you may be offered the opportunity to consent to the sharing of your information with a third party such as an event or promotion co-sponsor. If you consent, we will share your information with such third party and the information you provide may be used by such third party for their own purposes and in accordance with their own policies.
We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to respond to any court orders, or other legal process. We may disclose personal information to law enforcement offices, third party rights owners, or others in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: enforce our Terms or Privacy Policy; respond to claims that an advertisement, posting or other content violates the rights of a third party; or protect the rights, property or personal safety of our users or the general public.
9. Business Transfer
We and our affiliates will share / sell some or all of your personal information with another business entity should we (or our assets) plan to merge with, or be acquired by that business entity. Should such a transaction occur that other business entity (or the new combined entity) will be required to follow this privacy policy with respect to your personal information.
10. SECURITY PRECAUTIONS
We have put in place reasonable measures to protect the personal information contained in our databases. Measures are in place to prevent unauthorized access and maintain appropriate use and accuracy. Furthermore, data that is transmitted in association with our online store is encrypted and is secured by SSL as per international standard IS/ISO/IEC 27001. Does your retention agency have IS/ISO/IEC 27001 certificate?
11. Transfer Of Data To Other Countries
Kama Ayurveda, our Affiliates and third parties who may receive your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the databases in which your personal information is stored shall be located in India and are required to honour the privacy representations made in this Privacy Policy under applicable laws of this country. In case of transfer of data to any other country, legal protections applicable to personal information in the concerned country will apply.
12. Choice/Opt-Out
We provide all users with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving non-essential (promotional, marketing-related) communications from us on behalf of our partners, and from us in general, after setting up an account.
If you want to remove your contact information from all Kama Ayurveda lists and newsletters, please visit:http://www.kamaayurveda.com/unsubscribe.php
13. Policy Change
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of privacy policy changes). We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.
14. Your Comments
We welcome your feedback. If you have questions or comments about our privacy policies, feel free to drop us a message by writing to us at enquiries@kamaayurveda.com.
15. OUR RIGHTS
We may elect to electronically monitor areas of the portal and may disclose any Content, records, or electronic communication of any kind (i) to satisfy any law, regulation, or government request; (ii) if such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate the portal; or (iii) to protect our rights or property or the rights of the users, Sponsors, Providers, Licensors, or Merchants.
We are not responsible for screening, policing, editing, or monitoring such Content. If notified of allegedly infringing, defamatory, damaging, illegal, or offensive Content, we may investigate the allegation and determine in our sole discretion whether to remove or request the removal of such Content from the portal. We may terminate your access, or suspend your access to all or part of the Site, without notice, for any conduct that we, in our sole discretion, believe is in violation of any applicable law or is harmful to the interests of another user, a third-party Provider, Merchant, Sponsor, Licensor, service provider, or us. Because customer service is paramount to our business, we reserve the right to refuse to sell products to you if it reasonably appears to us that you intend to resell the products. In addition, we reserve the right to limit quantities of items purchased by each customer.
16. Children
The Kama Ayurveda website is not designed for persons under the age of 18 and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are under 18 years of age, you may browse Kama Ayurveda, but please do not provide your personal information to us. For example, you cannot register. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a visitor under the age of 18 on the website, we will delete the information from our records.
17. Your Consent
By using the Website and/ or by providing your information, you consent to the collection and use of the information you disclose on the website in accordance with this Privacy Policy, including but not limited to Your consent for sharing your information as per this privacy policy.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Worldwide Copyright © Kama Ayurveda Pvt. Ltd. (brand owners Kama Ayurveda). All worldwide rights reserved.
Subscribe to our newsletter
Be updated with latest trends & products from Kama
Subscribe