https://www.eaglealloys.com/privacy-policy/
Who We Are
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for (https://www.eaglealloys.com). This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
What Personal Data We Collect and Why We Collect It
Comments
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
We are committed to communicating with you in a professional manner and protecting your confidential information. We use the information you provide (e.g. name, address, phone number, email, etc.) to contact you to share information about our (products/services). We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request. This company does not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others.
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Plugin: Akismet
We collect information about visitors who comment on Sites that use our Akismet anti-spam service. The information we collect depends on how the User sets up Akismet for the Site, but typically includes the commenter’s IP address, user agent, referrer, and Site URL (along with other information directly provided by the commenter such as their name, username, email address, and the comment itself).
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website. We do not actively share your renderings, images or drawings with third parties and are solely used for the fabrication of your project.
Our Videos or Images – Any other use such as distribution of our images, recordings or video is a violation of US Copyright Laws.
Contact forms
If you fill out a contact form we may use it to contact you. However, we do not sell or distribute any contact information to any third parties and used only on our end for administrative and order completion purposes or as a way to keep you aware of news and other special offers.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Google Analytics and Mouseflow are installed and tracking user data within the website so that we can utilize it to improve our website and marketing efforts while also providing a better user experience for our visitors. Google Analytics Privacy Policy can be reviewed here for what data it collects – https://policies.google.com/privacy. MouseFlow privacy policy can be reviewed here for what data it collects – https://mouseflow.com/privacy/
You Can opt out of user tracking in your browser for either of these aforementioned tracking software’s – https://mouseflow.com/opt-out/  &  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Who we share your data with
We do no share your information other than within our company for administrative purposes. We do not sell your information to 3rd party sources.
How long we retain your data
Google Analytics Data is collected and retained for 50 months unless otherwise requested for our marketing purposes to compare and contrast our data and further improve our services, products and customer service.
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us.
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service such as Askimet as noted above.
Our contact information
Eagle Alloys Corporation
Email: Sales@eaglealloys.com
Address: 178 West Park Court Talbott, TN 37877
Toll Free:800-237-9012
Tel:423-586-8738
Fax:423-586-7456
Additional information
How we protect your data
Any information you provide through our contact forms are protected from data breaches, Spam, through a firewall.
What data breach procedures we have in place
We provide protection of your submitted information though Wordfence in WordPress
What third parties we receive data from
Not Applicable – we do not share your information or any of our customers information with 3rd parties
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
We are SRI® – Certified ISO 9001:2015
Plugin: Smush
Note: Smush does not interact with end users on your website. The only input option Smush has is to a newsletter subscription for site admins only. If you would like to notify your users of this in your privacy policy, you can use the information below.
Smush sends images to the WPMU DEV servers to optimize them for web use. This includes the transfer of EXIF data. The EXIF data will either be stripped or returned as it is. It is not stored on the WPMU DEV servers.
Smush uses the Stackpath Content Delivery Network (CDN). Stackpath may store web log information of site visitors, including IPs, UA, referrer, Location and ISP info of site visitors for 7 days. Files and images served by the CDN may be stored and served from countries other than your own. Stackpath’s privacy policy can be found here.
Plugin: Really Simple SSL
Really Simple SSL and Really Simple SSL add-ons do not process any personal identifiable information, so the GDPR does not apply to these plugins or usage of these plugins on your website. You can find our privacy policy here.
Plugin: Hummingbird Pro
Third parties – Hummingbird uses the Stackpath Content Delivery Network (CDN). Stackpath may store web log information of site visitors, including IPs, UA, referrer, Location and ISP info of site visitors for 7 days. Files and images served by the CDN may be stored and served from countries other than your own. Stackpath’s privacy policy can be found here.
Request a Quote!Main MenuHome
About Us
Contact Us
Aluminum
Hafnium
High Temp Alloys
Invar / Super Invar
Kovar
Molybdenum Alloys
Nickel Alloy Pipe and Tubing
Niobium
Rhenium
Tantalum
Tungsten & Tungsten Alloys
Vanadium
Zirconium
Eagle Alloys Corporation
HomeIntroductionAbout UsProducts
AluminumHigh TempInvarKovarMolybdenumNickelNiobiumRheniumTantalumTungstenVanadiumZirconium Back
Request QuoteBlogContact Us