https://www.distinctiveweb.com/free-job-search-help/
Skip to content
FREE RESUME WRITING & JOB SEARCH RESOURCES
YOU ARE HERE:Home>>Free Job Search Help
Free Job Search HelpMichelle Dumas2020-09-18T22:39:21+00:00
FREE DOWNLOAD
The Definitive Guide For Professionals
20 Tips to Modernize Your Resume for 2020 (and beyond)
Gain a competitive edge! More than 50 pages of  insider trade secrets and 55 real-life examples. Transform and modernize your resume for 2020!
FREE DOWNLOAD
A Step-by-Step, Point-by-Point Guide
The Ultimate 20-Point Resume Checklist
Dozens of insider secrets and 17 pages of specific tips to improve your resume, get your phone ringing, win interviews, and land the job you want.
FREE DOWNLOAD
A Must-Have Resource for Professionals
How To Write a Board of Directors Resume
The definitive resume writing guide for professionals and executives seeking to position themselves for both nonprofit and corporate Board of Director seats.
FREE DOWNLOAD
A Step-by-Step, Point-by-Point Guide
How To 5X Your Results When Applying For Advertised Openings
11 tips and an easy-to-follow system that will help you exponentially increase your results when you apply for advertised job openings.
FREE PDF DOWNLOAD -
CREATING A VISION FOR YOUR LIFE
Defining Your Ideal Work Workbook
FREE PDF DOWNLOAD -
Your Ultimate Guide to Telecommuting
How To Make Working From Home Work For You
FREE DOWNLOAD
The Ultimate Guide to
Job Searching & Career Management During a Pandemic
22 pages of practical ideas, expert strategies, and techniques to help you navigate your job search while in the midst of the Covid-19 pandemic.
FREE PDF DOWNLOAD -
You've Lost Your Job, Now What?
EMERGENCY ACTION GUIDE
Search for:
ATTENTION JOB HUNTERSTake the 30-Day Challenge
Land a New Job FAST!
Recent Posts
How To Set SMART Job Search Goals
9 Tips for Sending Job Search Email
Questions To Ask Yourself Before Quitting Your Job
12 Small Things You Can Do Today To Improve Your Career & Life
New Year, New Job! A 21-Day Plan to Kickstart Your Career for the New Year
Blog Categories
Career Management
Company News
Cover Letter Writing
Job Search Interviewing
Job Search Networking
Job Searching Advice
Online Job Searching
Personal Branding
Personal Marketing
Resume Writing Tips
FREE DOWNLOAD
The Definitive Guide For Professionals
20 Tips to Modernize Your Resume for 2020 (and beyond)
Gain a competitive edge! More than 50 pages of  insider trade secrets and 55 real-life examples. Transform and modernize your resume for 2020!
FREE PDF DOWNLOAD -
Your Ultimate Guide to Telecommuting
How To Make Working From Home Work For You
FREE PDF DOWNLOAD -
You've Lost Your Job, Now What?
EMERGENCY ACTION GUIDE
ATTENTION JOB HUNTERSTake the 30-Day Challenge
Land a New Job FAST!
Attention Job Hunters
Accept the 30-Day Challenge and Land a New Job FAST!
1. Step-by-step, A-to-Z job search blueprint to follow
2. Daily action plan that makes job searching EASY
3. Land the job you want FASTER, more efficiently and without confusion or stress!
>
Distinctive
Resume Templates
Modernize Your Outdated Resume in Minutes!
Professionally Designed
Easily Customized
ATS-Friendly
FREE PDF DOWNLOAD -
CREATING A VISION FOR YOUR LIFE
Defining Your Ideal Work Workbook
FREE DOWNLOAD
A Must-Have Resource for Professionals
How To Write a Board of Directors Resume
The definitive resume writing guide for professionals and executives seeking to position themselves for both nonprofit and corporate Board of Director seats.
FREE DOWNLOAD
A Step-by-Step, Point-by-Point Guide
The Ultimate 20-Point Resume Checklist
Dozens of insider secrets and 17 pages of specific tips to improve your resume, get your phone ringing, win interviews, and land the job you want.
FREE DOWNLOAD
A Step-by-Step, Point-by-Point Guide
How To 5X Your Results When Applying For Advertised Openings
11 tips and an easy-to-follow system that will help you exponentially increase your results when you apply for advertised job openings.
FREE DOWNLOAD
The Ultimate Guide to
Job Searching & Career Management During a Pandemic
22 pages of practical ideas, expert strategies, and techniques to help you navigate your job search while in the midst of the Covid-19 pandemic.
Interview
Coaching
Look & Feel Poised and Confident!Be Competitive...Land the Job!
Strategies for common & tricky questions
Support & prep for real-life interview scenarios
Honest, objective feedback to make sure you shine!
New Year, New You!
Do You Dream of Making a Fresh Start in 2021?
ReinventYourself!
STOP Living Your Life on Autopilot! Get an A-Z Blueprint for Change and Take Real, Focused Action to REIMAGINE and TRANSFORM Your Career and Your Life!
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please accept the use of cookies and/or review our Privacy & Cookie Policy ACCEPT Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
Distinctive Career Services, LLC ("us", "we", or "our") operates the Distinctive Documents www.distinctiveweb.com and services.distinctiveweb.com websites, also the Distinctive Executive Resumeé & Career Marketing Services  www.executiveresumewriting.services website. Other associated website properties from which we deliver services include before-and-after-resumes.com, job-search-secrets.com, resumeconsultant.expert, and resumecritique.services (the "Services").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://services.distinctiveweb.com/project-terms-conditions/
Definitions
Service(s)
Service(s) is/are delivered through the www.distinctiveweb.com, www.executiveresumewriting.services, before-and-after-resumes.com, job-search-secrets.com, resumeconsultant.expert, and resumecritique.services websites operated by Distinctive Career Services, LLC
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Data Controller
Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
Data Processors (or Service Providers)
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject (or User)
Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us.
Usage Data
We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Advertising Cookies. Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.
Use of Data
Distinctive Career Services, LLC uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Distinctive Career Services, LLC’s legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
Distinctive Career Services, LLC may process your Personal Data because:
We need to perform a contract with you
You have given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it's not overridden by your rights
For payment processing purposes
To comply with the law
Retention of Data
Distinctive Career Services, LLC will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Distinctive Career Services, LLC will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Distinctive Career Services, LLC will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Business Transaction
If Distinctive Career Services, LLC is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, Distinctive Career Services, LLC may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
Distinctive Career Services, LLC may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Distinctive Career Services, LLC
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
"Do Not Track" Signals
We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Distinctive Career Services, LLC aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Distinctive Career Services, LLC relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Advertising
We may use third-party Service Providers to show advertisements to you to help support and maintain our Service.
Google AdSense DoubleClick Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service. Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Service or other websites on the Internet.
You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings web page: http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The payment processors we work with are:
Stripe
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://stripe.com/us/privacy
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prio
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Go to Top