http://www.smithmidland.com/privacy-statement
Privacy Statement
Smith-Midland (DE) and it’s affiliated companies are committed to protecting the privacy of our web visitors. When you provide personal information to us, we protect the privacy and confidentiality of that information. Smith-Midland’s goal is to collect and use only that information that we consider necessary for our legitimate business interests.
When you browse through our websites, you do so anonymously. Smith-Midland does not collect personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it. Examples of submitting personal information include employment applications, emails, messages on our messaging service, and submissions to our online forms.
If you send us email, your email address and the contents of your message will be collected. This includes text characters and any audio, video, and graphic information formats included in the message. Your electronic mail address and the information included in your message will be used to respond to you, to address issues you identify, to improve this site, or to forward your message to the appropriate Smith-Midland department for a response. Your email address will not be used for commercial purposes, and Smith-Midland will not sell or otherwise distribute your email address to any third party. Any personal information you choose to provide to Smith-Midland will be retained by Smith-Midland in accordance with our standard company policies.
Our web servers automatically log information about visits to this website in the normal course of establishing and maintaining web connections. The server logs record statistical information, such as visitors’ IP addresses, the time and duration of visit, and what web pages you visited immediately before and after visiting the Smith-Midland site. This information is collected so that we may continuously improve our website content. These statistics are reported in aggregate form only. We do not link server log information to any other data in a way that would enable us to identify individual visitors.
Smith-Midland uses industry standard security measures to protect the information under our control, including firewalls and other security measures. Although the inherent dangers of the Internet means we cannot guarantee the protection of your information against loss, misuse, or alteration. Smith-Midland works hard to protect all of your personal information. Security procedures have been integrated into the design, implementation, and day-to-day operations of this website as part of our continuing commitment to the security of electronic content as well as the electronic transmission of information.
The development of Smith-Midland’s policies and procedures for the protection of personal information is an ongoing process. Due to changes in technology and legal requirements we may revise this Website Privacy Statement from time to time.
This website may contain links to third party sites and Smith-Midland is not responsible for the collection of personal information or the security or privacy of such information on third party sites.
If you have any questions about this statement or our handling of personal information, please contact us.