http://www.castello.net/cookies-policy/
Cookies Policy
DATA CONTROLLER
The use of cookies by Regali Novelli Snc, with registered office in Via di San Marcello 21/22, 00187, Roma, Italia is carried out by the EU Regulation on the protection of personal data (EU 2016/679) (GDPR).
WHAT IS A COOKIE
A cookie is a small file that is sent to the browser in use and saved on your device when you visit a website.
Cookies allow the Website to function efficiently and improve its services, in addition to providing information to the Website’s owner for statistical or advertising purposes, primarily to personalise your navigation experience by remembering your preferences (for example, remembering the language and currency you set, in order to recognise you at the next visit, etc.)
WHICH COOKIES WE USE AND FOR WHAT PURPOSES
Our Website uses various types of first party cookies (organised and managed by Regali Novelli Snc), and third party cookies (organised and managed by third parties based on their own individual privacy policies and not under the control of Regali Novelli Snc) and similar technologies, each of which has a specific function. Below is a table explaining them.
Navigation cookie
From the first access these cookies allow the Website to function correctly and allow you to view content on your device by recognising the language and market of the country from which you’ve chosen to connect. If you are a registered user, they will allow you to be recognised and to access the services offered from the dedicated areas. Navigation cookies are technical cookies and are needed for the functioning of the Website.
Like many other websites this also uses log files that records the history of operations as they are performed. The information contained within the log files includes IP addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date, time, page entry and exit and number of clicks. All this to analyze trends, administer the Website, monitor the user’s movement inside the Website and collect demographic data, IP addresses and other information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Functional cookies
These cookies allow, based on your express request, for you to be recognised when you subsequently access the Website, so that you do not have to enter your information each time. If you have added items into your Cart and closed the session without completing the purchase and without eliminating those items, these cookies allow you to continue the shopping experience the next time you access the Website (within a limited period), finding the same articles that were selected. Functional cookies are not essential to the functioning of the Website, but rather improve navigation quality and experience.
Analytical cookies
These cookies are used to prepare statistical analyses on the navigation methods of our Website’s users. Regali Novelli Sncuse the service of Google Analytics and Google Adwords to study how the site is used by users and in particular to get the data of the most visited pages, the number of visitors, aggregate data of visits by operating system, browser, etc. These cookies do not collect information about the user’s identity or any personal data and the information is treated in aggregate and anonymous form (Google Analytics IPs have been anonymized). These parameters are stored on Google’s servers that govern their privacy according to these guidelines
User can disable Google Analytics while browsing using the add-on available for Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer, Opera and Safari.
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
Our own and third party marketing and profiling cookies
These cookies are aimed at creating user-related profiles to send commercial messages that meet the preferences shown during the visit, or to improve your navigation experience: while you navigate on our Website, these cookies are useful for showing you products of interest to you or which are similar to those you have viewed. Third party cookies are those that have been sent by our trusted third party companies. These cookies allow you to be provided with our commercial offers on other websites (retargeting). With third party cookies we do not have control of the information provided by the cookie and we do not have access to this data. This information is entirely controlled by third party cookies as described in the respective policy. www.castello.net uses cookies to store information about visitor preferences and pages visited by the user and to customize the content of the web page based on the type of browser used and depending on the other information that this browser sends.
Social Network Cookies
These cookies are necessary to allow your social account to interact with our Website. For example, they are used to express your appreciation and to share it with your social networking friends. The social network cookies are not needed for navigation. For more information on the policies regarding the use of social network cookies, it is possible to consult the respective privacy and cookies policies:
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Google+: http://google.com/intl/it/policies/privacy/
YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/static?template=privacy_guidelines
HOW TO DISABLE COOKIE
The majority of browsers are configured to accept, control or potentially disable cookies through the settings. We nevertheless remind you that disabling navigation or functional cookies may affect the functioning of the Website and/or limit the service we offer.
Below is the procedure to follow to manage cookies from the following browsers:
Internet Explorer: http://windows.microsoft.com/en-gb/windows7/block-enable-or-allow-cookies
Safari: http://support.apple.com/kb/PH19255?
Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en&hlrm=fr&hlrm=en
Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
Opera: https://www.opera.com/it/help
COOKIE OF THIRD PARTIES
For more information on cookies and to manage your preferences for third party profiling cookies, please go to http://youronlinechoices.com, by accessing the area “Your Choices” you can: view the list of third party companies and our partners that install cookies on our site (Company); verify the presence and activation status of installed cookies (Status) and manage your consent selectively (On/Off). By expanding the dedicated entry (Info) for each company, you can access more information relative to the company and, via a link, reach the specific information about privacy and cookies.
ACCESS TO DATA AND CUSTOMER CARE
You may freely and at any time exercise all of your rights pursuant to EU 2016/679 and by Italian law, or receive assistance and explanations on how to provide your consent or selective refusal, or on how to delete cookies from your browser, by sending an email to privacy@castello.net or by sending a written request to Regali Novelli Sncto the mailing address of the registered office.
More details on the information we collect and the ways in which we use any personal data provided by the user are available in our Privacy Policy available on this Site. In any case, not all information collected through cookies allows the identification of the user.
Last updated the 25th of May, 2018