https://www.silclear.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Silclear
+
Home
Products
Sectors
About
Contact
News
Vacancies
Linked In
Trusted by the most demanding silicone users across the globe
Silclear privacy policy
Terms of sale
Privacy policy
Contact Silclear
Privacy Notice
Introduction
Silclear recognises that during the course of our business activities we will collect, store and process personal data about our customers, suppliers and other third parties. Silclear is committed to ensuring that your information is secure, accurate and relevant. To prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have implemented suitable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure personal data we hold.
This Privacy Notice sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
This policy will be subject to periodic review and it is recommended that you review this document from time to time to ensure that you are aware of any amendments applicable to the retention, processing and sharing of personal data.
Types of personal data we collect
The types of personal information that we may collect, and use include:
Your name and address
Contact details (telephone/email address)
Job title/position
Payment information (Bank account details, debit or credit card details)
Sensitive personal data (‘special categories’ under the General Data Protection Regulation) includes any information that reveals your racial or ethnic origin, religious, political or philosophical beliefs, genetic data, biometric data for the purposes of unique identification, trade union membership, or information about your health/sex life ("Sensitive Personal Data"). Generally, we try not to collect or process any Sensitive Personal Data relating to customers and their employees, unless authorised by law or where necessary to comply with applicable laws.
IP address and cookies – When you access our website our servers may record data regarding your device and the network you are using to connect to us.
How we collect information
Directly when you contact our office by telephone
Information that you provide by filling in an online enquiry form on our website
Information that you provide when making an online purchase from our website
When you subscribe to receive marketing from us (e.g. e-news)
From an email
What do we use your personal data for
In order to perform our business activities. The consequences of not providing this information is that we will be unable to process/complete your enquiry and/or order.
We may use your personal information to send you targeted marketing activities about special offers, new products or pricing information. These may include e-mails and/or post.
Who we share your personal data with
We take care to allow access to personal information only to those who require such access to perform their tasks and duties in relation to the provision of our services, and to third parties who have a legitimate purpose for accessing it to support these purposes. Whenever we permit a third party to access personal information, we will implement appropriate measures to ensure the information is used in a manner consistent with this notice and that the security and confidentiality of the information is maintained.
Transfers to third-party service providers
In addition, we make certain personal information available to third parties who provide services to us. We do so on a "need to know basis with appropriate security measures in place – this is done in accordance with applicable data privacy law.
Data retention periods
Personal information will be stored in accordance with applicable laws and kept for as long as needed to carry out the purposes described in this Notice or as otherwise required by applicable law. Generally, this means your personal information will be retained until the termination of your relationship with Silclear plus a reasonable period of time thereafter to respond to any queries or legal matters.
Data privacy rights
The following rights are available under applicable data protection law:
Access, correct, update or request deletion of personal information
Object to processing of personal information, ask us to restrict processing of personal information or request portability of personal information.
If we have collected and process personal information using a person’s consent, then this can be withdrawn at any time. Withdrawing consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. In
the United Kingdom, the data protection authority is the Information Commissioner’s Office whose website is https://ico.org.uk/
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. You can read more about these rights at: https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/is-my-information-being-handled-correctly/
Please note, our ability to facilitate aspects of any of the above rights will depend on whether we are a Data Processor or a Data Controller in relation to any specific data. Any requests received relating to data processed on behalf of clients should be referred to the Data Controller (the client company).
Tracking Technologies / Cookies
Cookies are small digital signatures that are stored by your web browser that allow your preferences to be recorded when visiting the website. Also, they may be used to track your return visits to the website.
In addition to the first party cookies mentioned above, we may use third-party web analytics on our
website and mobile apps, such as Google analytics. The analytics providers that administer these services use technologies such as cookies, to help us analyse how visitors use our website.
Updates to this notice
This Notice may be updated periodically to reflect any necessary changes in our privacy practices. In such cases an updated version of this notice shall be available from the Silclear Data Protection Officer. We encourage you to check this notice periodically to be aware of the most recent version.
Visiting our website from outside the United Kingdom
In case you visit/browse our website from outside the United Kingdom, please note that your data may be transferred to/stored in/and processed in the UK. The preservation/protection of the data/information and other laws of the United Kingdom and other countries that your data may be transmitted to may not be as all-inclusive as those in your country but be assured that we take all the necessary steps to guarantee that your privacy is maintained and protected. By using our features/services, you authorise and fully understand that your information could be transmitted to our facilities and other third parties with whom we share it as described in this policy.
Contact details
Please address any questions or requests relating to this Notice to the Silclear’s Data Protection Officer at olga@silclear.com or write to:
Data Protection Officer, Silclear, 6-8 Hamilton Business Park, Gore Road Industrial Estate, New Milton, Hampshire BH25 6TL
© Copyright Silclear Limited 2020 • Privacy policy • Terms and conditions of sale
Linked In
Silclear Limited is registered in England & Wales (no. 02130022). VAT Reg 474 4867 05.
Registered Office: 6-8 Hamilton Business Park, Gore Road, New Milton, Hampshire, BH25 6TL. United Kingdom.
A Yammayap of Bournemouth website design