http://www.coopervision.com/terms-service
Skip to main content
Home
Our ProductsMyDay family
clariti 1 day familyclariti 1 day
clariti 1 day toric
clariti 1 day multifocal
Biofinity familyBiofinity
Biofinity XR
Biofinity Energys
Biofinity toric
Biofinity multifocal
Biofinity® toric multifocal
MiSight 1 day
Avaira Vitality family
Additional products
Find a Lens Quiz
Contact Lens Technology
Patient Instruction & Information Booklets
Aftercare Solutions
Find an Eye Doctor
Myopia Management
About Contact LensesHandling your contact lensesHow to put your contact lenses in
Caring for your contact lenses
Removing your contact lenses
FAQs
Patient Instruction & Information Booklets
Video Library
How to use hydrogen peroxide solutions
How to use multipurpose solutions
Vision & HealthGlossary
Digital Device Usage Report
Digital eye fatigue
Blog
Patient Information Booklets
Our CompanyWhat We DoAround The WorldOur Global Presence
Regional Locations
Science and TechnologyOur Applied Sciences
Our Technical Expertise
Science and Technology Awards
Educational Grants & Sponsorships
Social ResponsibilityOur Global Commitment
CooperVision & SustainabilitySaving Water
Conserving Energy
Reducing, Reusing, Recycling
Empowering People
Sustainability News & Accolades
Sustainability Report Card
What Others Say
Supplier Code of Conduct
Who We AreGreat Place To WorkReasons To Work Here
Learning & Development
Our History
Our ValuesOur Culture
Our Diversity
Leadership
Global newsCooperVision Announces the Opening of new site in Costa Rica
CooperVision COVID-19 Company Statement
CooperVision Statement on COVID-19 and Contact Lens Wear
Awards
Careers
Contact Us
Summer Internship Program
You are hereHome
Terms of Service
PLEASE CAREFULLY READ THESE TERMS BEFORE PROCEEDING TO ACCESS OR IN ANY WAY USE THIS SITE. THESE TERMS APPLY TO ALL USERS OF THIS SITE REGARDLESS OF WHETHER OR NOT YOU HAVE REGISTERED.
If you do not want to agree to be legally bound by these terms PLEASE DO NOT access or use this Site.
In order to register, you affirm that you are at least 18 years old.
Please also note all posts are public, so please post only that information that you intend to be read by the public.
By registering, you agree to release CooperVision from all claims that you might have arising from your use of our Site.
When you register, we may keep on file the following information that you submit:
Email address
Password
First Name, Last Name, Display Name (will be visible for comments)
Company
City, State, Country
Phone Number (not required)
Selection into one of the following categories:
MD, OD, Practitioner, Optician, or Ophthalmic/Optometric Technician
Patient/Consumer
Member of Trade Media
Industry Executive
Author/Consultant
Other (please specify)
You affirm that the information that you provide (name, email address, etc.) is true and accurate, and that you are not impersonating another person, and that you are not untruthfully representing your status as an employee of CooperVision or misrepresenting your employment
status in any other way.
We may retain certain information and certain comments or posts for a period of time.
We reserve the right to refuse you access to our Site. If anything that you post is outside the scope of the subject matter of this site, or in our reasonable discretion is otherwise inappropriate, we reserve the right to disallow your post or comment. We reserve the right to take any post or comment down at any time. If we do, you are likely to receive a notice from us that says that “we thank you for your post or comment but we feel that its content is not appropriate at this time or is otherwise inconsistent with our rules”.You Are Agreeing to Our Privacy Policy
CooperVision respects the privacy of its Site users. Please refer to CooperVision’s Privacy Policy, which explains our users’ rights with respect to information that we collect on this Site. When you access or use the Site, you signify your agreement to this Privacy Policy.
Copyright Notice
All materials and information available on the Site are protected by copyright. These materials are owned or controlled by CooperVision or licensed to CooperVision by a third party. You may download downloadable materials from the Site, but only for your personal, noncommercial use.
If you download any downloadable materials, you cannot modify them in any way and you must abide by all copyright, trademark and other notices in such materials. You may not otherwise copy, display, download, distribute, modify, reproduce, republish or retransmit any information, text or documents contained on this Site. It is strongly advised that you do not upload any third party materials to our Site without third party authorization (other site or web site content, articles, links, text, images, videos, etc.) as most third party published materials are likewise subject to copyright and other protections.Trademark Notice
The trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade dress and product names featured on this Site are trademarks of CooperVision, its affiliates, related companies or its licensors, unless otherwise noted. CooperVision’s trademarks may be used publicly only with permission.Other Sites and/or Materials
We may post links to other website(s) on our Site. These links are provided as a courtesy to our Site visitors. CooperVision has no control over linked websites or the materials, information, goods or services available on these websites. CooperVision is not responsible for and does not endorse or warrant any materials, information, goods or services available through any linked websites. We don’t guarantee the privacy practices (or any other policies) of such websites. We don’t guarantee the accuracy of the content of any such website. CooperVision reserves the right to terminate any link at any time.Accuracy of Information
CooperVision strives to accurately describe its products and provide updated information on our Site. However, CooperVision does not warrant that product descriptions and information on the Site are complete or free from error.No Medical Advice
This Site is designed to provide general information about vision care and CooperVision’s products and services. It is not intended to provide medical advice. Consumers and patients should always consult an eye care professional for information and advice on the treatment of a specific condition or for any other medical need.Practitioner Finder Terms & Conditions
The “Find a Practitioner” link is designed to help patients find an eye care professional that prescribes CooperVision’s products. Although we try to ensure that the information in this locator is accurate, all information is supplied “AS IS” and without warranty of any kind.
CooperVision makes no guarantees or representations regarding the quality of service provided by those practitioners and expressly disclaims all liability for the actions of the practitioners listed on this Site.Content You Post to Sites
You grant to CooperVision the right to use all content you upload or otherwise transmit to this Site, (subject to these Terms of Use and CooperVision’s Privacy Policy) in any reasonable manner that CooperVision chooses, including, but not limited, to copying, displaying or publishing it modifying it, or incorporating it into other material. Except as expressly stated and agreed upon in advance by CooperVision, no confidential relationship shall be established in the event that any user of Site should make any oral, written or electronic communication to CooperVision (such as feedback, questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, etc.). If any CooperVision Web Site requires or requests that such information be provided, and that such information contains personal identifying information (e.g., name, address, phone number), CooperVision agrees to obtain, use and maintain it in a manner consistent with our Privacy Policy.
Otherwise, such communication and any information submitted therewith shall be considered non-confidential, and CooperVision shall be free to reproduce, publish orotherwise use such information for any purposes whatsoever including, without limitation, the research, development, manufacture, use or sale of productsincorporating such information. The sender of any information to CooperVision is fully
responsible for its content, including its truthfulness and accuracy and its noninfringement of any other person's proprietary or privacy rights.
Our Site has a posted Commenting Policy, which you must read and agree to in order to post at our site. It is available here.Prohibited Actions
You agree not to interrupt or attempt to interrupt the operation of the Site. You may not use any automated tool to mine the Site for information or to fill out forms on the Site. The web and email servers maintained by CooperVision and the emails associated with the domain cannot be used for the delivery of unsolicited bulk email or for any malicious, unethical, offensive, harmful or unlawful purpose. We reserve the right to limit or deny a user’s access to the Site or take other appropriate action is a user violates these Terms of Use or engages in any activity that violates the rights of any person or entity or which we deem unlawful, offensive, abusive, harmful or malicious. You may only use the Site for lawful purposes. Unauthorized use may result in criminal and/or civil prosecution under Federal, State, and local law.
Do Not Use this Site to Communicate Legal Notices to CooperVision
Communications made through the Site’s e-mail and messaging system will not constitute legal notice to CooperVision or any of its officers, employees, agents or representatives. You should send legal notices to:
Office of the General Counsel
CooperCompanies
6101 Bollinger Canyon Road, Suite 500
San Ramon, CA 94583Disclaimer; Limitation of Damages
ACCESS TO OUR SITE IS PROVIDED TO YOU AS A COURTESY, “AS IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, SECURITY, ACCURACY AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, COOPERVISION MAKES NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION THAT ACCESS TO, CONTENT OF OR OPERATION OF THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE. YOU ASSUME FULL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK OF LOSS RESULTING FROM YOUR DOWNLOADING AND/OR USE OF FILES, INFORMATION, CONTENT OR OTHER MATERIAL OBTAINED FROM OUR SITE.
To the extent permitted by law, CooperVision will not be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential, or punitive damages of any kind related to the Site whether as a breach of contract, tortious behavior, negligence or any other cause of action, even if CooperVision has been advised of the possibility of such damages.Modification of Terms of Use
We can amend these Terms of Use at any time and will update these Terms of Use in the event of any such amendments. If you continue to use the Site, you signify your agreement to our revisions to these Terms of Use, so be sure to check back frequently for the current terms.Foreign Visitors
CooperVision makes no representation that materials or other content on our Site are appropriate or available for use outside the United States, its territories, possessions and protectorates. If you choose to access our Site from other locations, you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk. You are responsible for complying with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. You specifically agree to comply with all applicable laws concerning the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country you reside in.
Applicable Laws; Venue
These Terms of Use and your use of the Site are governed by the federal laws of the United States of America and the laws of the State of California. Any action related to this Site will be filed only in the appropriate state or federal court located within the State of California. By using this Site, you consent to the jurisdiction of the state and/or federal courts of the State of California.Suggestions and Feedback
CooperVision welcomes your feedback and inquiries. If you have any comments or questions, please contact us by emailing blogadmin@coopervision.com. For general website inquiries, please contact us by emailing info@coopervision.com.
DISCLAIMER FOR COMMENTS\POST- Please note that the posts and comments that you read on our Site express the opinions and view of the authors and not necessarily the opinions and perspectives of CooperVision or our officers or directors.
Have a question or comment about CooperVision products?
Find the right lens
Get your free trial
Find an eye doctor
Current rebates
Join us on Facebook
MyDay family
MyDay
MyDay toric
clariti 1 day family
clariti 1 day toric
clariti 1 day
clariti 1 day multifocal
MiSight 1 day
MiSight 1 day
Biofinity family
Biofinity toric
Biofinity multifocal
Biofinity XR
Biofinity Energys
Biofinity
Biofinity® toric multifocal
Avaira Vitality family
Avaira Vitality toric
Avaira Vitality
Additional products
Find a lens quiz
Contact lens technology
Can't find your brand?
Patient instruction
AfterCare Solutions
Contact Lens Care
Contact Lens Info
Contact Lens Tips
Types of Contacts
Handling your contact lenses
Patient Instruction & Information Booklets
Video Library
How to use hydrogen peroxide solutions
How to use multipurpose solutions
Activities
Eye Conditions
Eye Health
Eye Problems
Lifestyle
Glossary
Digital Device Usage Report
Digital eye fatigue
What We Do
Who We Are
Leadership
Global news
Awards
Careers
Contact Us
Summer Internship Program