https://www.polar-tech.com/conditions-of-use/
My Account
Log In
CONDITIONS OF USE
Orders  |  Product Information  |  Dispute Resolution  |  Returns  |   Freight  |  Additional Service Terms  |  Privacy Policy  |  Cookie Policy  |  Trademarks  |  Termination/Access Restriction  |  Payment Terms
Welcome to Polar-Tech.com. Polar Tech Industries, Inc. (Polar Tech) provides website, products, and services to you when you visit or shop at polar-tech.com, use Polar Tech products, equipment, or services, or use software provided by Polar Tech in connection with any of the foregoing (collectively, “Polar Tech Services”). Polar Tech Industries, Inc. provides the Polar Tech Services subject to the following terms and conditions set forth below (the “Conditions of Use”). If you do not wish to be bound by the Conditions of Use, you may not access or use this website or its content.
By using Polar Tech Services, you agree to these terms and conditions. Please read them carefully.
Orders
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE
General. The terms and conditions stated herein (“Terms”) apply to all offers made and orders accepted by Polar Tech. Polar Tech objects to any terms or conditions that are different from or additional to these Terms. Polar Tech’s acceptance of an order is expressly conditioned on the Buyer’s acceptance of these Terms. Any change in these Terms must specifically be agreed to in a writing signed by an authorized officer of Polar Tech.
Cancellation. All product order cancellations, if not prohibited above, must be approved by Polar Tech, and may be denied or subject to restocking fees and other charges.
Severability.  If any portion of these terms and conditions is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the invalid or unenforceable term shall be severed from these terms and conditions, and the remaining terms and conditions shall be valid and fully enforceable as written.
Modification of Terms.  Polar Tech’s acceptance of any order is subject to Customer’s assent to all of the terms and conditions set forth herein. Customer’s assent to these terms and conditions shall be presumed from Customer’s receipt of Polar Tech’s acknowledgment, or from Customer’s acceptance of all or any part of the products ordered. No additions or modifications of Polar Tech’s terms and conditions by Customer shall be binding upon Polar Tech, unless agreed to in writing by an authorized representative of Polar Tech. If a purchase order or other correspondence submitted by Customer contains terms or conditions contrary or in addition to the terms and conditions contained herein or in Polar Tech’s acknowledgment, Polar Tech’s fulfillment of any such purchase order shall not be construed as assent to any of the terms and conditions proposed by Customer, and will not constitute a waiver by Polar Tech of any of the terms and conditions contained herein or in Polar Tech’s acknowledgment. Polar Tech reserves the right to accept or reject any order.
Complete Agreement.  The terms and conditions in: (i) Polar Tech’s forms; (ii) acknowledgments; (iii) quotations; (iv) invoices; (v) web sites; (vi) catalogs; and (vii) extension of credit are incorporated herein by reference, and constitute the entire and exclusive agreement between Customer and Polar Tech.
Authorization.  Customers represent that any person accepting these Terms of Sale on behalf of the Customer is authorized to do so and that all employees and representatives of the Customer who access polar-tech.com or any other Polar Tech website or application on behalf of the Customer or otherwise purchase products from Polar Tech on behalf of Customer have the legal right, and are duly authorized, to make such purchases and further authorized to enter into agreements relating to the purchase of products or services or to obtain pricing or discounts from Polar Tech on behalf of Customer. Customers hereby agree to indemnify and hold Polar Tech harmless against any breach of this representation.
Product Information
1. Catalog/Website Information.  Product depictions in the catalogs and websites are for illustrative purposes only. Possession of, or access to, any Polar Tech catalog, literature, or websites does not constitute the right to purchase products. Polar Tech reserves the right to revise publishing errors in its catalogs or any of its websites. Despite our efforts, occasional pricing errors may occur in the Polar Tech catalogs and websites, and Polar Tech reserves the right to correct or change such pricing errors without notice. Polar Tech further reserves the right to cancel any and all orders resulting from such pricing errors, even if Customer has received an order confirmation from Polar Tech.
2. Product Substitution. Products may be substituted and may not be identical to descriptions and/or images published in the catalog or on the website.
3. Safety Data Sheets. Safety Data Sheets (“SDS”) are required for OSHA defined hazardous substances. POLAR TECH MAKES NO WARRANTIES AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY TO ANY CUSTOMER OR USER WITH RESPECT TO THE ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION OR THE SUITABILITY OF THE INFORMATION IN ANY SDS. CUSTOMER END USER IS SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY RELIANCE ON OR USE OF ANY INFORMATION, AND FOR USE OR APPLICATION OF ANY PRODUCT. Send SDS requests to Polar Tech Industries, Inc., 415 E. Railroad Ave., Genoa, IL 60135, or call 1-800-423-2749.
Dispute Resolution
Arbitration
Any and all controversies or claims arising out of these Terms or the transaction to which they relate shall be resolved by arbitration in Chicago, Illinois. Such arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the then applicable rules of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitration award shall be final and binding upon the parties and judgment thereon may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. Any claim must be filed within six (6) months of the alleged breach.
Returns
Cancellation/Refund Policy
All order cancellations must be approved by Polar Tech, and may be denied or subject to restocking fees and other charges.
Product returns must be made within 30 days from date of purchase, unless otherwise indicated. Proof of purchase is required. Contact order support ordersupport@polar-tech.com for instructions on returns. Polar Tech does not take title to returned products until the item is received by Polar Tech at the applicable return location. Returned product must be in original packaging, unused, undamaged, and in saleable condition.
Freight
Prices stated are F.O.B. origin, freight prepaid to destination specified in the order. Polar Tech charges a shipping and handling fee, (which includes internal handling and related costs), on each order which is applied at time of order and reflected on Customer’s invoice. Receipts for shipping and handling charges will not be furnished. COD shipments may be permitted. Other terms and conditions may apply for other than standard ground delivery (“Other Freight Services”), including without limitation, expedited same day delivery, less than truckload (LTL) shipments, air freight, freight collect, export orders, Customer’s carrier, shipments outside the contiguous U.S. or other special handling by the carrier. Any charges incurred for Other Freight Services must be paid by Customer. Fuel surcharges may be applied. Title and risk of loss pass to Customer upon tender of shipment to the carrier. If the product is damaged in transit, Customer’s only recourse is to file a claim with the carrier.
Payment Terms
Prices and Payment Terms
Polar Tech Industries sells its complete offering wholesale to Business Customers, while also serving individuals. Product prices do not include freight, taxes or duties and are subject to correction or change without notice. Payment terms are net thirty (30) days from the date of the applicable invoice. All credit extended, and the limits of such credit, may be revoked or reduced by Polar Tech at any time and for any reason. Polar Tech reserves the right to charge a convenience fee for late payments. Polar Tech further reserves the right to charge Customer a late payment fee at the rate of one and one-half percent (1.5%) of the amount due for each month or portion thereof that the amount due remains unpaid, or such amount as may be permitted under applicable law.The Buyer shall be liable for all costs and expenses, including but not limited to attorney’s fees, incurred by Polar Tech in the collection of any amount owed by the Buyer.
Credit Balance
Customer agrees that any credit balance(s) issued by Polar Tech must be used within one (1) year from the date the credit was issued and may only be used for purchases of products. Any unused credit or portion thereof will automatically expire after one (1) year, or be processed pursuant to state law.
Taxes
The Buyer is responsible for the payment of any applicable sales, use, excise, or other applicable tax. Buyer shall indemnify, defend, and hold Polar Tech harmless from any and all claims for such taxes.
Additional Service Terms
Terms and Conditions of Service
These Terms and Conditions (“Terms”, “Terms and Conditions”) govern your relationship with http://www.polar-tech.com website (the “Service”) operated by Polar Tech Industries, Inc. (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully before using the Service.
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
Purchases
If you wish to purchase any product or service made available through the Service (“Purchase”), you may be asked to supply certain information relevant to your Purchase including, without limitation, your credit card number, the expiration date of your credit card, your billing address, and your shipping information.
You represent and warrant that: (i) you have the legal right to use any credit card(s) or other payment method(s) in connection with any Purchase; and that (ii) the information you supply to us is true, correct and complete.
By submitting such information, you grant us the right to provide the information to third parties for purposes of facilitating the completion of Purchases.
We reserve the right to refuse or cancel your order at any time for certain reasons including but not limited to: product or service availability, errors in the description or price of the product or service, error in your order or other reasons.
We reserve the right to refuse or cancel your order if fraud or an unauthorized or illegal transaction is suspected.
Availability, Errors and Inaccuracies
We are constantly updating our offerings of products and services on the Service. The products or services available on our Service may be mispriced, described inaccurately, or unavailable, and we may experience delays in updating information on the Service and in our advertising on other web sites.
We cannot and do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any information, including prices, product images, specifications, availability, and services. We reserve the right to change or update information and to correct errors, inaccuracies, or omissions at any time without prior notice.
Accounts
When you create an account with us, you must provide us information that is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Failure to do so constitutes a breach of the Terms, which may result in immediate termination of your account on our Service.
You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the Service and for any activities or actions under your password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service.
You agree not to disclose your password to any third party. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
You may not use as a username the name of another person or entity or that is not lawfully available for use, a name or trade mark that is subject to any rights of another person or entity other than you without appropriate authorization, or a name that is otherwise offensive, vulgar or obscene.
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Polar Tech Industries, Inc. and its licensors. The Service is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of Polar Tech Industries, Inc..
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Polar Tech Industries, Inc..
Polar Tech Industries, Inc. has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Polar Tech Industries, Inc. shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend your account immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
Upon termination, your right to use the Service will immediately cease. If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using the Service.
Limitation Of Liability
In no event shall Polar Tech Industries, Inc., nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any conduct or content of any third party on the Service; (iii) any content obtained from the Service; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
Polar Tech Industries, Inc. its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Privacy Policy
Effective date: September 17, 2019
Polar Tech Industries, Inc. (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the www.polar-tech.com website (hereinafter referred to as the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from www.polar-tech.com
Definitions
ServiceService is the www.polar-tech.com website operated by Polar Tech Industries, Inc.
Personal DataPersonal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage DataUsage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
CookiesCookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Data ControllerData Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
Data Processors (or Service Providers)Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject (or User)Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us.
Usage Data
We may also collect information on how the Service is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Polar Tech Industries, Inc. uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or inquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Polar Tech Industries, Inc. legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
Polar Tech Industries, Inc. may process your Personal Data because:
We need to perform a contract with you
You have given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it is not overridden by your rights
To comply with the law
Retention of Data
Polar Tech Industries, Inc. will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Polar Tech Industries, Inc. will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer periods.
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to – and maintained on – computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Polar Tech Industries, Inc. will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, Polar Tech Industries, Inc. may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
Polar Tech Industries, Inc. may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Polar Tech Industries, Inc.
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Our Policy on “Do Not Track” Signals under the California Online Protection Act (CalOPPA)
We do not support Do Not Track (“DNT”). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Your Data Protection Rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Polar Tech Industries, Inc. aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed about what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Polar Tech Industries, Inc. relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analysing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyse the use of our Service.
Google AnalyticsGoogle Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualise and personalise the ads of its own advertising network.You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: info@polar-tech.com
By phone number: (815)784-9000
By mail: 415 E. Railroad Ave., Genoa, IL 60135
Cookie Policy
Last updated: September 30, 2019
Polar Tech Industries, Inc. (“us”, “we”, or “our”) uses cookies on the http://www.polar-tech.com website and the mobile application (the “Service”). By using the Service, you consent to the use of cookies.
Our Cookies Policy explains what cookies are, how we use cookies, how third-parties we may partner with may use cookies on the Service, your choices regarding cookies and further information about cookies.
What are cookies Cookies are small pieces of text sent to your web browser by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the Service or a third-party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the Service more useful to you.
Cookies can be “persistent” or “session” cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when you go offline, while session cookies are deleted as soon as you close your web browser.
How Polar Tech Industries, Inc. uses cookies When you use and access the Service, we may place a number of cookies files in your web browser.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
To enable certain functions of the Service
To provide analytics
To store your preferences
We use both session and persistent cookies on the Service and we use different types of cookies to run the Service:
Essential cookies. We may use cookies to remember information that changes the way the Service behaves or looks, such as a user’s language preference on the Service.
Accounts-related cookies. We may use accounts-related cookies to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. We may use these cookies to remember information that changes the way the Service behaves or looks, such as the “remember me” functionality.
Analytics cookies. We may use analytics cookies to track information how the Service is used so that we can make improvements. We may also use analytics cookies to test new advertisements, pages, features or new functionality of the Service to see how our users react to them.
Third-party cookies
In addition to our own cookies, we may also use various third-parties cookies to report usage statistics of the Service, deliver advertisements on and through the Service, and so on.
What are your choices regarding cookies
If you’d like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser.
Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
For the Chrome web browser, please visit this page from Google: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32050
For the Internet Explorer web browser, please visit this page from Microsoft: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835
For the Firefox web browser, please visit this page from Mozilla: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-stored
For the Safari web browser, please visit this page from Apple: https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/mac
For any other web browser, please visit your web browser’s official web pages.
Where can you find more information about cookies
You can learn more about cookies and the following third-party websites:
AllAboutCookies: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
Network Advertising Initiative: http://www.networkadvertising.org/
Trademarks
Intellectual Property
Customer shall have no right, title, or interest in the trade names, trademarks, trade dress, copyrights, patents, domain names, product names, catalogs or any other intellectual property rights (“IP”) reserved by Polar Tech, or any IP owned by manufacturers and/or suppliers to Polar Tech. All materials contained in Polar Tech catalogs or on its web sites are subject to the ownership rights of Polar Tech and its manufacturers and/or suppliers. Customer shall have no right to copy or use any IP of Polar Tech or its manufacturers and/or suppliers without Polar Tech’s explicit permission.
No Unlawful or Prohibited Use/Intellectual Property
You are granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to access and use www.polar-tech.com strictly in accordance with these terms of use. As a condition of your use of the Site, you warrant to Polar Tech that you will not use the Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms. You may not use the Site in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Site or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the Site. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Site.
All content included as part of the Service, such as text, graphics, logos, images, as well as the compilation thereof, and any software used on the Site, is the property of Polar Tech or its suppliers and protected by copyright and other laws that protect intellectual property and proprietary rights. You agree to observe and abide by all copyright and other proprietary notices, legends or other restrictions contained in any such content and will not make any changes thereto.
You will not modify, publish, transmit, reverse engineer, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works, or in any way exploit any of the content, in whole or in part, found on the Site. Polar Tech content is not for resale. Your use of the Site does not entitle you to make any unauthorized use of any protected content, and in particular you will not delete or alter any proprietary rights or attribution notices in any content. You will use protected content solely for your personal use, and will make no other use of the content without the express written permission of Polar Tech and the copyright owner. You agree that you do not acquire any ownership rights in any protected content. We do not grant you any licenses, express or implied, to the intellectual property of Polar Tech or our licensors except as expressly authorized by these Terms.
Termination/Access Restriction
Termination/Access Restriction
Polar Tech reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the Site and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice. To the maximum extent permitted by law, this agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Illinois and you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in Illinois in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of the Site. Use of the Site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these Terms, including, without limitation, this section.
You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Polar Tech as a result of this agreement or use of the Site. Polar Tech’s performance of this agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in this agreement is in derogation of Polar Tech’s right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Site or information provided to or gathered by Polar Tech with respect to such use. If any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in effect.
Unless otherwise specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the user and Polar Tech with respect to the Site and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between the user and Polar Tech with respect to the Site. A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. It is the express wish to the parties that this agreement and all related documents be written in English.
Contact Us     Products     Customer Service    Resources     About      Careers     Conditions of Use     Privacy Policy     Site Map
©2013-20 Polar Tech Industries, Inc. All Rights Reserved.