http://www.ibmsecu.org/resources/privacy-security
Skip to Content
Skip to Sitemap
Branch Lobby Update: Lobby access is available by appointment. Click here for information on how we’re helping members and branch re-openings.
Holiday Fraud Prevention: At this busy time of year, we want to remind our members to be extra cautious of fraudsters attempting to access your account information. While iTHINK Financial actively monitors your accounts for potential fraud, please remember that we will NEVER initiate a call or email asking for your card PIN, Online Banking username and password, or full card number. If you have any doubt about the validity of a phone call or email you receive from us, please call our direct number at 800.873.5100 to speak with us immediately.
iTHINK Financial is committed to preserving and protecting the privacy and security of your Nonpublic Personal Information (NPI). This commitment is a fundamental mission of your Credit Union.
The Credit Union maintains strong security controls to ensure that your information is protected and consistently monitors and improves upon verification processes to protect against unauthorized access to personal information.
Contact the Credit Union to request a Security Password Request Form, to establish or change a Security Password for telephone contact, or to establish or reset an Online or Telephone Banking PIN/password.
Ensuring the Security of your Personal Information
Trust that your Credit Union will be guarding your personal information carefully. We only share information for the following reasons:
To administer and market products and services we provide
When required to do so by the government
When needed for other businesses to provide, on our behalf, a wider array of products and services designed to enhance the economic well-being of Credit Union Members.
For more information about our Privacy Disclosure, please contact us at serviceplus@ithinkfi.org or 800.873.5100.
Fraud Prevention & AlertsLook here for alerts about recent examples of attempted or potential fraud that may impact our Members.Learn MoreIdentity Theft Prevention & RecoveryFind resources for identity theft prevention and recovery, including our Identity Theft Protection program that provides access to a professional recovery advocate to resolve your ID theft case.Learn MoreOnline SecurityWe are concerned about your online safety and security so we make it our top priority to protect your privacy while interacting with us online.Learn MorePrivacy DisclosureRead our Privacy Disclosure to learn what iTHINK Financial does with your personal information.Learn MoreVisa CheckoutMake shopping online simple, fast, and secure. Use Visa Checkout and skip having to enter your card and shipping info every time it's time to pay.Learn More
Events
BALANCE Webinar: THE BASICS OF PERSONAL FINANCE on Dec 17
Learn More
iTHINK Financial early closure for Christmas Eve on Dec 24
Learn More
iTHINK Financial closed for Christmas Day on Dec 25
- Dec 26
Learn More
Scroll to Top
×
You are leaving the iTHINK Financial website.
iTHINK Financial does not provide, and is not responsible for, the product, service, overall website content, security, or privacy policies on any external third-party sites. These sites may not be conformant with current ADA requirements.
If you click "Continue", an external website that is owned and operated by a third-party will be opened in a new browser window.
If you click "Cancel" you will be returned to our Website.
Continue
Cancel