http://www.humana.com/legal/fraud-waste-and-abuse
Healthcare Fraud, Waste and Abuse - Humana
Skip to main content
Other Humana Sites
Humana.com
For Providers
For Employers
For Agents & Brokers
For Investors
For Caregivers
MyHumana
Go365® Wellness Program
Humana Pharmacy®
Help
Español
Shop for Plans
Medicare
Shop Medicare Advantage plans
Shop Medicare drug (Part D) plans
Shop Medicare Supplement plans
Learn about Medicare
Find a doctor
Enroll in a plan
Dental
Shop dental plans
Find a dentist
Vision
Shop vision plans
Find an eye doctor
Medicaid
Learn about Medicaid
Find a doctor
How to enroll
Pharmacy
Learn about Humana Pharmacy
Find a pharmacy
Compare drug plans & coverage
Prescription savings & tools
Humana Drug List
Employer
Shop for group products
Learn about group insurance
Member Resources
MyHumana
Pay my premium
View Medicare plan details
Find a doctor
Drug pricing guide
Find a form
View ID card
View claims
Check coverage
Refill a prescription
Manage your health
Preventive care
Managing health conditions
Home care & community support
Humana in your neighborhood
Achieving health goals
Go365 wellness & rewards
Member guidance
Using a healthcare plan
Humana member rights
Exceptions & appeals
Prescription savings & tools
Helpful resources
Medicaid support
Get the most out of your plan. Register for a MyHumana account today.
Open Tasks
Pay my premium
Find a doctor
Drug pricing guide
Find a form
View ID card
View my claims
Check coverage
Refill a prescription
Search
Search
Sign in
Open Menu
Close Menu
Home
Legal information
Fraud, waste and abuse
Back to Legal information
Addressing fraud, waste and abuse
As part of our efforts to improve the healthcare system, Humana has an ongoing commitment to detecting, correcting and preventing fraud, waste and abuse.
Success in this effort is essential to maintaining a healthcare system that is affordable for everyone. Humana has an ongoing nationwide campaign to get the word out about how contracted physicians, other healthcare providers and third parties can help with fraud, waste and abuse detection, correction and prevention.
What are fraud, waste and abuse?
Fraud is generally defined as knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme or artifice to defraud any healthcare benefit program or to obtain (by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations or promises) any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program. (18 U.S.C. § 1347)
Waste is overutilization of services or other practices that, directly or indirectly, result in unnecessary costs to the healthcare system, including the Medicare and Medicaid programs. It is not generally considered to be caused by criminally negligent actions, but by the misuse of resources.
Abuse is payment for items or services when there is no legal entitlement to that payment and the individual or entity has not knowingly and/or intentionally misrepresented facts to obtain payment.
Fraud, waste and abuse training
Contracted healthcare providers and third parties supporting Humana’s Medicare and/or Medicaid products must train their employees and those supporting them to meet certain contractual obligations to Humana.
This includes:
developing training on combating fraud, waste and abuse or using another training to meet that educational requirement.
tracking the training
Note: To assist your organization, Humana material from the Standards of Conduct and Compliance Policy documents referenced further down this page may be integrated within the fraud, waste and abuse training or used as supplemental material.
*CMS designates these as first tier, downstream or related entities (FDRs).
Additional compliance program requirements for FDRs
Additional compliance program requirements for FDRs supporting Humana’s Medicare and/or Medicaid products are outlined in, but not limited to, the documents listed in subsequent sections of this page.
Standards of conduct
Here we have posted our “Ethics Every Day for Contracted Healthcare Providers and Third Parties”, which is closely aligned with Humana's standards of conduct for its employees. We invite contracted healthcare providers and third parties to review this information as soon as possible.
Ethics Every Day for Contracted Healthcare Providers and Third Parties
Ethics Every Day for Contracted Healthcare Providers and Third Parties – English , PDF opens new window
Ethics Every Day for Contracted Healthcare Providers and Third Parties – Spanish , PDF opens new window
Compliance Policy
This policy communicates Humana's strong and explicit organizational commitment to conducting business ethically, with integrity and in compliance with applicable laws, regulations and requirements. Humana requires its contracted healthcare providers and third parties to uphold a similar commitment to ethical conduct and assure that they, their employees and downstream entities who support Humana comply with the guiding principles outlined in this policy.
Compliance Policy for Contracted Healthcare Providers and Third Parties
Compliance Policy for Contracted Healthcare Providers and Third Parties – English , PDF opens new window
Compliance Policy for Contracted Healthcare Providers and Third Parties – Spanish , PDF opens new window
How to report fraud, waste and abuse
If you suspect fraud, waste or abuse in the healthcare system, you must report it to Humana and we'll investigate. Your actions may help improve the healthcare system and reduce costs for our members, customers and third parties.
To report suspected fraud, waste or abuse, you can contact Humana in one of these ways:
Phone: English 1-800-614-4126
Fax: 1-920-339-3613
E-mail: siureferrals@humana.com
Mail: Humana, Special Investigation Unit, 1100 Employers Blvd., Green Bay, WI 54344
Ethics Help Line: 1-877-5-THE-KEY (1-877-584-3539)
Ethics Help Line reporting website: www.ethicshelpline.com, opens new window
You have the option for your report to remain anonymous. All information received or discovered by the Special Investigations Unit (SIU) will be treated as confidential, and the results of investigations will be discussed only with persons having a legitimate reason to receive the information (e.g., state and federal authorities, Humana corporate law department, market medical directors or Humana senior management).
Another option is to submit the Special Investigations Referral Form online, by filling out the form using the link below.
Investigations Referral Form
If you are a medical, dental or pharmacy provider, and have a concern previously reported to SIU, you can follow up by filling out the Request to contact SIU form.
Request to Contact SIU Form (English)
Request to Contact SIU Form (Spanish)
SIU tools and resources
Humana's SIU utilizes software tools that help find and prevent healthcare fraud. This fraud detection software also allows us to review our claims for possible fraud before payment.
SIU references the following resources to support its investigations:
Medical and Pharmacy Coverage Policies, opens new window
Medicare Coverage Database – Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services National Coverage Determination (NCD) and Local Coverage Determination (LCD), opens new window
American Medical Association (AMA) Current Procedural Terminology (CPT®), International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision (ICD-9) and Tenth Revision (ICD-10) and Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System (HCPCS) coding references
What we do
Our investigation process will vary, depending on the situation and allegation. Our investigational steps may include the following:
Contact with relevant parties to gather information. This may include contacting members to get a better understanding of the situation. For example, we may contact a member to ask about a visit with his or her physician. We may ask the member to describe the services provided, who provided the care, how long the member was at the office, etc.
Requests for medical, dental or pharmacy records. We do this to validate that the records support the services billed. It's important that the healthcare provider submits complete records as requested. We rely on this information to make a fair and appropriate decision.
Notification of suspected fraud and abuse to law enforcement and CMS, if applicable, including the appropriate Medicare Drug Integrity Contractor (MEDIC) for Medicare Part C (medical) and Part D (prescriptions), and any other applicable state and/or federal agencies.
Most common coding and billing issues
Some of the most common coding and billing issues are:
Billing for services not rendered
Billing for services at a frequency that indicates the provider is an outlier as compared with their peers
Billing for non-covered services using an incorrect CPT, HCPCS and/or Diagnosis code in order to have services covered
Billing for services that are actually performed by another provider
Up-coding
Modifier misuse, for example modifiers 25 and 59
Unbundling
Billing for more units than rendered
Lack of documentation in the records to support the services billed
Services performed by an unlicensed provider but billed under a licensed provider's name
Alteration of records to get services covered
Legal information
Privacy policies
Internet Privacy Statement
Disclaimer and licensure
Hospital provider notice
Special Investigation request to contact
Special Investigation request to contact – Spanish
Special Investigation referral form
Fraud, waste and abuse
Accessibility
Multi-language interpreter support
System requirements
Marketing practices
Browser security
Cyber security
Protect your personal information online
Privacy policies
Internet Privacy Statement
Disclaimer and licensure
Hospital provider notice
Special Investigation request to contact
Special Investigation request to contact – Spanish
Special Investigation referral form
Fraud, waste and abuse
Accessibility
Multi-language interpreter support
System requirements
Marketing practices
Browser security
Cyber security
Protect your personal information online
Back to top
Medicare
Dental
Vision
Medicaid
Pharmacy
Member Resources
Find a Doctor
Sign in to MyHumana
Sign in to Go365.com
Employers
Agents & Brokers
Providers
Caregivers
About Humana
Contact Us
Careers
Investor Relations
Corporate Responsibility
© Humana 2020
Legal
Privacy Policies
Internet Privacy Statement
Site Map
Disclaimers & Licensure
Fraud, Waste & Abuse
Accessibility
System Requirements
"Humana" is the brand name for plans, products and services provided by one or more of the subsidiaries and affiliate companies of Humana Inc. ("Humana Entities"). Plans, products, and services are solely and only provided by one or more Humana Entities specified on the plan, product, or service contract, not Humana Inc. Not all plans, products, and services are available in each state.
The following is a complete list of the legal entities that offer, underwrite, administer or insure insurance products and services.
Medical Plans
Humana group medical plans are offered by Humana Medical Plan, Inc., Humana Employers Health Plan of Georgia, Inc., Humana Health Plan, Inc., Humana Health Benefit Plan of Louisiana, Inc., Humana Health Plan of Ohio, Inc., Humana Health Plans of Puerto Rico, Inc. License # 00235-0008, Humana Wisconsin Health Organization Insurance Corporation, or Humana Health Plan of Texas, Inc., or insured by Humana Health Insurance Company of Florida, Inc., Humana Health Plan, Inc., Humana Health Benefit Plan of Louisiana, Inc., Humana Insurance Company, Humana Insurance Company of Kentucky, or Humana Insurance of Puerto Rico, Inc. License # 00187-0009, or administered by Humana Insurance Company or Humana Health Plan, Inc. For Arizona residents, plans are offered by Humana Health Plan, Inc. or insured by Humana Insurance Company. Administered by Humana Insurance Company.
Go365® is not an insurance product. Not available with all Humana health plans.
Dental Plans
Humana individual dental plans are insured or offered by Humana Insurance Company, HumanaDental Insurance Company, Humana Insurance Company of New York, The Dental Concern, Inc., CompBenefits Insurance Company, CompBenefits Company, CompBenefits Dental, Inc., Humana Employers Health Plan of Georgia, Inc., Humana Health Benefit Plan of Louisiana, Inc., Discount plans offered by HumanaDental Insurance Company or Humana Insurance Company.
For Arizona residents: Insured by Humana Insurance Company.
For Texas residents: Insured or offered by Humana Insurance Company,
HumanaDental Insurance Company or DentiCare, Inc. (d/b/a Compbenefits). In states, and for products where applicable, the premium may include a $1 administrative fee.
If you have purchased an association plan, an association fee may also apply.
Some plans may also charge a one-time, non-refundable enrollment fee. (This fee is non-refundable as allowed by state).
A minimum one-year, initial contract period may be required for some dental plans, excluding Dental Savings Plus.
Humana group dental plans are offered by Humana Insurance Company, HumanaDental Insurance Company, Humana Insurance Company of New York, The Dental Concern, Inc., Humana Medical Plan of Utah, Humana Health Benefit Plan of Louisiana, The Dental Concern, Inc., Humana Medical Plan of Utah, CompBenefits Company, CompBenefits Insurance Company, CompBenefits Dental, Inc., Humana Employers Health Plan of Georgia, Inc., or DentiCare, Inc. (DBA CompBenefits).
Vision Plans
Humana individual vision plans are insured by Humana Insurance Company, The Dental Concern, Inc., or Humana Insurance Company of New York, or Humana Health Benefit Plan of Louisiana, Inc.
For Arizona residents: Insured by Humana Insurance Company. For Texas residents: Insured by Humana Insurance Company.
In states, and for products where applicable, the premium may include a $1 administrative fee.
If you have purchased an association plan, an association fee may also apply.
Some plans may also charge a one-time, non-refundable enrollment fee. (This fee is non-refundable as allowed by state).
A minimum one-year, initial contract period may be required for some vision plans.
Humana group vision plans are offered by Humana Insurance Company, HumanaDental Insurance Company, Humana Health Benefit Plan of Louisiana, Humana Insurance Company of Kentucky, Humana Insurance Company of New York, CompBenefits Insurance Company, CompBenefits Company, or The Dental Concern, Inc.
Life Insurance Plans
Humana group life plans are offered by Humana Insurance Company or Humana Insurance Company of Kentucky.
The website is maintained outside of New York state and the insurer is not authorized to transact the business of insurance in New York.
Humana individual life insurance plans are offered in New York by Humana Insurance Company.
Limitations and exclusions
Our health benefit plans, dental plans, vision plans, life insurance plans have exclusions, limitations and exclusions under which the coverage may be continued in force or discontinued. Our dental plans, vision plans, and life insurance plans may also have waiting periods. For costs and complete details of coverage, call or write your Humana insurance agent or broker.
Individual applications are subject to eligibility requirements.
Before applying for group coverage, please refer to the pre-enrollment disclosures for a description of plan provisions which may exclude, limit, reduce, modify or terminate your coverage. View plan provisions or check with your sales representative.
For group plans, please refer to your Benefit Plan Document (Certificate of Coverage/Insurance or Summary Plan Description/Administrative Services Only) for more information on the company providing your benefits.
Statements in languages other than English contained in the advertisement do not necessarily reflect the exact contents of the policy written in English, because of possible linguistic differences. In the event of a dispute, the policy as written in English is considered the controlling authority.