http://www.mikekiplingstockphotos.co.uk/terms
MIKE KIPLING Photography
NORTH of ENGLAND Picture Library and Yorkshire Stock Photos
Home
Latest Images
Yorkshire »
Moors
Dales
Wolds
York City
Leeds
Hull
Scarborough
Whitby
Harrogate
Richmond
Villages
Heritage
Northern England »
Northumberland
County Durham
Cumbria
Newcastle
Middlesbrough
Darlington
Stockton
Tees Valley
Travel »
USA
Caribbean
Italy
Spain
Greece
Croatia
Cornwall
London
Natural Elements »
Trees
Woodland
Sunrise
Sunset
Flower
Waterfall
Snow
Frost
Lifestyle »
People
Events
Sport
Walking
Seasons»
Spring
Summer
Autumn
Winter
Buy Prints
Private Use
Commercial Use
News
Mikes Profile
Mike's Profile
Help »
About
Contact
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions for Purchase of Prints by Retail Customers
M. H. Kipling trading as Mike Kipling Photography trading address is 1 Weardale, Guisborough, Cleveland TS14 8JL to where all correspondence and orders should be sent. Prints are sold by mail order only and this is the only service provided to private customers. All other services are business to business only. At this stage we only supply UK addresses. All orders are dispatched by first class recorded delivery post. All orders are dispatched in strong 75mm diameter card tubes. Orders for prints can only be made at this stage by post and prepaid by cheque in pounds sterling. All print prices include return postage. Please specify a delivery address where someone can sign for receipt. Although virtually all images are available to purchase as prints a few images are not available. You can check in advance by email. If we receive an order where we are unable to supply the photograph you will be contacted to select an alternative or your payment will be returned in full.
Turnaround Times
Print orders are immediately placed with the processor upon receipt and this usually takes three to four working days to print. Orders are dispatched within 24 hours of completion by the processor. On average we expect your print order to be with you within a week of us receiving your order although at peak periods please allow up to 21 days. You will receive an email notification as soon as the order is received. Unfortunately we cannot accept responsibility for delays by the Royal Mail. However, if after two weeks after the order has been acknowledged you have not received your print please contact us. If the Royal Mail cannot confirm delivery we will re-print and re-dispatch at no cost to the customer.
VAT
At this stage Mike Kipling Photography is not VAT registered so VAT is not added to or included to the price of prints.
Payment Methods
Payment can only made by sterling cheque. Please note that we are under no obligation to accept any order placed by you and we will not be treated as having accepted any such order until you have received confirmation from us that we have done so. This confirmation will be by e-mail.
Refund policy
In the unlikely event that we are not able to fulfil your order then you will receive a full refund of your cheque. All prints are carefully checked before dispatch. If there is an error in fulfilment of your order then please contact us and we will correct the error or refund as necessary. We reserve the right to request return of the print before a refund will be issued.
Privacy policy
We respect the privacy of every individual who visits this site. Our policy on the collection and use of personal information is outlined below.
We collect and use personal information in order to:
Administer or otherwise carry out our obligations in relation to any agreement or order you have placed with us.
Anticipate and resolve problems with our service to you.
In order to do the above, we need to collect and process personal information about you (including your name, address, telephone number and email address). We may ask you for this information on our web site when you make an enquiry.
In order to take advantage of some of our services, you may need to supply us with the personal details of a third party (for example, their name and address if you wish to send them some prints). We will not use this information for anything other than providing the service for which the information was supplied. We will not disclose any personally identifiable information without your permission unless we are legally entitled to do so (for example, pursuant to a court order or for the purposes of prevention of crime or fraud). You will be treated as having given your permission for disclosures referred to in this policy.
We do not use any of the information you supplied to us to order private print sales other than to fulfill your order. You will not receive unsolicited emails, mail or telephone calls from Mike Kipling Photography.
Non-personal details
We may automatically collect non-personal information about you, such as the type of browsers you use or the web site from which you linked to us. This information is only used to assist us in providing an effective service on this web site. We may, from time to time, supply the owners and operators of third party web sites which have a link to our site with information about the number of users linking to our site from their web site. You cannot be identified from any of this information.
Cookies
We may store some information on your computer when you look at our site. This information facilitates your use of our web site, and ensures that you do not need to re- enter your details on each visit. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, which allows you to choose whether or not to protect it.
Security
The technology that we use and the policies that we have implemented are intended to safeguard your privacy from unauthorised access and improper use. We will continue to update these measures as new technology becomes available.
Links
This site contains links to other sites. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other web sites. We recommend that you check the policy of each site that you visit. You may have linked to this web site from a third party web site. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the third party web site from which you linked to our web site. We recommend that you check the policy of that third party site and contact its owner or operator if you have any concerns or questions.
Contact us
If you would like to contact us please select contact us from the Help menu.
KwantaM engine: 0.0424 secs using 1.84MB. Custom build by The Chip Shop Bouys
All text and images © Mike Kipling Photography 2011. All rights reserved | Terms |
Links
Tel: 01287 633665