http://www.porta-jon.com/privacy-policy
Your browser is out of date!
Update your browser to view this website correctly.
update my browser now
Whoops, something's gone wrong.
It looks like you have denied/blocked location sharing in your browser, or your browser does not support geolocation. Please enable location sharing in your browser settings and try again.
1-800-TOILETS
Your Needs
Events
Construction
Industrial
Sports and Recreation
Government
Agriculture
Emergency
What We Offer
Portable Restrooms
Temporary Fence
Portable Restroom Trailers
Roll Off Dumpsters
Hand Washing
Shower Trailers
Holding Tanks
Temporary Power
Other Services
Locations
About USS
Why Choose USS?
8 Point Service Plan
Executive Leadership
Acquisitions
Blog
Support
Pay My Bill
Request Pickup
General Inquiry
FAQs
Restroom Calculator
Careers
Open Positions
Drivers
Veterans
About USS
Resources
1-800-TOILETS1-800-TOILETS
1-800-864-5387
Get a quote
SEARCH
GET A QUOTE
Get aQuote
1-800-TOILETS
1-800-TOILETS
×
Loading ...
COLLAPSE
×
Calculator
Get a Quote
Calculator
Choose Service Category
Rental Purpose
Purpose of Rental
Business
Personal
Government
Use Type
Select Your Use Type
Construction
Event
Other
Event Specifications
Number of People
Total Event Hours
Other
Yes
Higher Percentage of Women to Men?
Alcohol Being Served?
Calculate
2. Projects Details
Delivery City
State
Select a state
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Zip Code
Delivery & Pickup Date
3. Your Contact Details
First Name
Last Name
Email
Phone
Phone Ext.
Thanks
Your quote has been sent. We will be in contact shortly.
For all emergency requests, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care hotline at 1-800-TOILETS.
Start new quote
Return to home
Home > OUR PRIVACY POLICY
OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Last modified: 12/19/2019
This website is owned and operated by United Site Services, Inc. (collectively, and together with all United Site Services, Inc. subsidiaries “United,” “we,” “our,” or “us”). We operate this website and we take your privacy very seriously. We are committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of visitors to our website including mobile versions of our website. This privacy policy, as modified from time to time, describes our practices in connection with information collected through our www.unitedsiteservices.com website (together with all subdomains, related websites, and related mobile device applications, the “Website”).
This privacy policy identifies and describes the way United uses and protects the information that we may collect about individuals who use the Website. It does not apply to information we have obtained or may obtain offline through traditional means.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE UNITED’S WEBSITE OR PROVIDE UNITED WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.
Your use of United’s website and/or mobile applications indicates your acceptance of this policy and of the collection and use of your personally identifiable information in accordance with this policy.
PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED AND PROCESSED
PERSONAL INFORMATION
There are a number of circumstances in which you supply us with personal information. The following lists the most common ways in which we collect your personal information:
If you register for an account on our website;
Identification data (e.g. first name, last name, e-mail address, telephone number, address,
If you engage in certain transactions, such as paying your bills, which may require you to input other personal information such as credit card numbers, and bank account numbers;
If you apply for a job with us, you may submit employment-related information: 1) that is provided on job applications through the website or electronically; 2) as it relates to our Human Resources Department, and 3) for LinkedIn referrals. This information may include, for example, job preferences, work history, and other personal information;
If you participate on social media accounts involving United;
If you submit questions, comments, or feedback through the website, or otherwise;
Communication data (e.g. exchanges with you by phone or e-mail);
Information collected for analytics purposes (e.g. IP address, and persistent IDs). or
Any other place on the website where you knowingly volunteer personal information
SOCIAL MEDIA AND PERSONAL INFORMATION
United uses a variety of social media options to communicate and interact with consumers. When interacting with a United presence on those social media websites, you may opt to reveal certain personal information. We may collect the personal information that you make available to us on that page or account, including any information you have made public in connection with that social media service. Any personal information you have chosen to share on any United social media pages will be visible to persons visiting those pages, and privacy on those pages is governed by the privacy policies of those social media companies. Other than to respond to posts or answer questions, United will not use personal information provided on its social media pages without permission from you.
Our website includes social media widgets, such as Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter, and LinkedIn. These features collect information about your IP address and which page you’re visiting on our Website, and they may set a cookie to make sure their features function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website. Your interactions with those features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them.
ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY FOR CHILDREN
United respects the privacy of children, and we are committed to complying with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). If you are under the age of 13, do not send any information about yourself to us – including information such as your name, address, or email address. We don’t knowingly collect personally identifying information from anyone under the age of 13 unless we first obtain permission from the child’s parent or legal guardian. In the event that we learn we have collected any personal information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information from our database. A child’s parent or legal guardian can also request that the personal information of their child be deleted from our records.
ANALYTICS INFORMATION
When you visit our website, we may collect certain information by automated means. For example, our systems may collect information about:
The name and domain and host from which you access the Internet, including the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the device you are using and/or the IP address of your Internet Service Provider (ISP);
Your activity on the website, such as the date and time you access the website, the length of your stay, and the pages you access while visiting our website;
The address of the referring website, if any;
Websites visited before or after you visit our website; or
The type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We use this information to monitor the usage of our website services, assess performance, ensure technological compatibility with your device, and understand the relative importance of the information provided on the services. We may also use this data to conduct statistical analyses on visitors’ usage patterns, such as surveying webpage duration, and other data in an aggregated and anonymous manner.
LOCATION INFORMATION
We may use and store information about your location if you give us permission to do so. We use this data to provide features of our website, which includes improving and customizing our services. You can enable or disable location services when you use our Website at any time by way of your device settings.
HOW WE USE THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
As non-limiting examples, we may use the personal information we collect in a variety of ways, including to:
Provide you with the best customer experience possible;
Help you complete and confirm a transaction, enable us to contact you if a problem arises with your transaction, and to communicate back to you;
Provide you with personalized and customized services and products, including benefits, specials, offers, invitations, and promotions;
Respond to your requests or questions for information on your account or to any other requests or questions;
Remember you when you visit our Website;
Measure the use of the Website and improve the content of the website;
Address network integrity and security issues;
Perform internal marketing analyses with aggregated data; or
Comply with applicable laws and as otherwise allowed by law.
If you purchase items or receive materials from United, your personal information may be collected by and/or shared with third parties working with us.
EMAIL AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS
United or third parties that it uses may contact you by email or other means at an address that you have provided to us. If you do not want to receive an email from us, please “unsubscribe” through the link that is included in our emails. If you do not want to receive mailings, simply tell us when you give us your personal information or follow the directions to remove your name from our mailing list.
PERSONAL INFORMATION SHARED WITH OTHERS
We will only share the personal data you provide online with other entities or business partners who are acting on our behalf for the uses described here. United does not sell or trade your personal information with third parties.
SERVICE PROVIDERS
We may make your information available to certain third-party service providers, such as contractors, vendors, or distributors who help us manage or provide services offered on our website, such as hosting, analytics, customer service, etc. We require that all our service providers keep personal information confidential and not disclose it to third parties and not use it for any other purpose. For example, when processing payment for a transaction, United may provide your personal information to a third-party payment processor. If you check the applicable box to consent to “disclosing” your personally identifiable information to third parties, United may share aggregated user statistics and information with third parties.
EMERGENCY SITUATIONS
We may also use or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to applicable law or comply with legal process served on us or the website; (b) respond to requests from public and government authorities; (c) protect and defend our rights or property, the website, or our users; (d) act under emergency circumstances to protect the personal safety of us, our affiliates, agents, the users of the Website, or the public; or e) assist with identify verification, and to prevent fraud and identify theft.
MERGER, SALE, OR BANKRUPTCY
If we sell all or part of our business, or make a sale or transfer of our assets, or are otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of our business, or are involved in a bankruptcy, United may transfer your information to the party or parties involved as part of that transaction.
USE OF EXTERNAL TOOLS ON OUR WEBSITE
We have integrated the component Google Analytics on this website.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service. Web analysis is the gathering, collection and analysis of data about the behaviour of visitors to websites. Among other things, a web analysis service collects data on which website a data subject has come to a website from (so-called referrers), which subpages of the website were accessed or how often and for which period of time a subpage was viewed. A web analysis is mainly used to optimize our site and provide more effective features, services, and offerings to site visitors.
The operator of the Google Analytics component is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, USA.
Google Analytics uses cookies. Please see our Cookie policy available at https://www.unitedsiteservices.com/cookie-policy regarding our use of cookies.
As IP anonymization is activated on our website, your IP address will be shortened by Google. On behalf of the operator of the website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, compile reports on website activity and to provide further services related to website and internet use to us. The IP address transferred through your browser to Google Analytics will not be combined with other data held by Google.
In addition, this website uses the Analytics feature UserID to track interaction data. This User ID will be additionally anonymized and encrypted and will not be linked with other data.
You can prevent the storage of cookies by a corresponding setting of your browser software; however, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use all the features of this website to the fullest extent possible.
In addition, you may prevent the collection of the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) by Google as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
This browser add-on informs Google Analytics via JavaScript that no data and information about website visits may be transmitted to Google Analytics.
In addition, a cookie already set by Google Analytics, if any, can be deleted at any time via the Internet browser or other software programs.
Further information and Google‘s applicable privacy regulations can be found at
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en and
https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/ The following link provides a further explanation of Google Analytics https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/
Our website also uses Google Analytics performance reports relating to demographics and interests and reports on Google Display Network impressions. You can disable Google Analytics for display advertising and customize the ads on the Google Display Network by visiting the ad settings at this link: https://adssettings.google.com.
SPECIAL INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Currently, various browsers — including Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Safari — offer a “do not track” or “DNT” option that relies on a technology known as a DNT header, which sends a signal to Web sites’ visited by the user about the user’s browser DNT preference setting. We do not currently commit to responding to browsers’ DNT signals with respect to sites we provide, in part, because no common industry standard for DNT has been adopted by industry groups, technology companies or regulators, including no consistent standard of interpreting user intent. We will take all steps required by any such browser signals for the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).
California Consumer Privacy Act Rights. Under the CCPA, California residents have certain rights regarding their personally identifiable information. If you would like to exercise these rights, please contact us using the email address, toll free phone number, or physical mailing address listed below under “Contact Information” within this section. As provided by CCPA, we may require you to provide information to allow us to verify your identity before providing the requested information. It may take us some time to respond to your request, but we will do so within the requirements of the CCPA.
This Privacy Notice provides you disclosure regarding the personal information we collect from you and the purposes for doing so. Please see “PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED AND PROCESSED?” as provided above.
We do not sell your personal information as provided under the CCPA at this time.
Right to request disclosure as to personal information we have collected about you: Upon a verifiable request, made through one of the methods provided within the “Contact Us” section below, we will disclose to you the items listed below, one or more of which may be provided by reference to this Policy:
The categories of personal information we have collected about the you.
The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected.
The business purpose behind collecting the personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we have shared the information.
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
Right to request deletion: upon a verifiable request, made through one of the methods provided within the “Contact Information” section below, we will delete personal information we have regarding you and direct our service providers to delete your personal information from their records, to the extent provided by the CCPA. Please note that one or more exceptions may cause us to deny your deletion request as set forth below:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personally identifiable information provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Right to be free from discrimination: We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under the CCPA. Please keep in mind that under certain circumstances, we may charge you a different price or rate, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services, if that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to us by your personal information.
We engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to us, including hosting and maintenance, error monitoring, debugging, performance monitoring, billing, customer relationship, database storage and management, and direct marketing campaigns. We may share your personally identifiable information with these third parties, but only to the extent necessary to perform these functions and provide such services. We also require these third parties to maintain the privacy and security of the personally identifiable information they process on our behalf.
STORAGE AND PROCESSING
Personal information collected on our Website, or received by United from you or third parties, may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country where we or our service providers maintain facilities.
The servers and databases in which information is be stored may be located outside the country from which you accessed the Website and in a country that does not have the same privacy laws as your country of residence. The personal information you provide us may be transmitted abroad, but we will collect, process and use personal Information only in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER OF INFORMATION
If you choose to provide us with personal information, we may transfer that information to our affiliates and subsidiaries or to other third parties, across borders, and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world in accordance with legal requirements.
EMPLOYMENT-RELATED INFORMATION
Employment-related information and queries may be transferred to any member of the United family of companies. By visiting this Website and submitting information, you consent to such collection, processing, transfer and/or storage of your Personal Information.
SECURITY
USS understands the importance of protecting your personal data. As such, USS secures your data in accordance with commercial, generally accepted industry standards which includes the use of encryption and restricting access to your information. You should understand that despite the use of these industry standards, the information you transmit to the website is done so at your own risk. We cannot promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private.
RETENTION
We keep your personal information for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this privacy policy, as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes), or as otherwise communicated to you. How long we retain specific personal information varies depending on the purpose for its use, and we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
We may offer links to sites that are not operated by United. If you visit one of those linked sites, you should review its privacy and other policies. We are not responsible for the policies and practices of other companies.
AMENDMENTS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure that you are fully informed about all processing activities and our compliance with applicable Privacy Legislation.
CONTACT US
We welcome any questions, comments, or complaints you may have regarding this privacy policy. Please contact us at:
By Email:  DataPrivacy@UnitedSiteServices.com
By Mail:   United Site Services
Data Privacy Department
118 Flanders Rd
Westborough, MA 01581
By Phone:    1-800-TOILETS   (1-800-864-5387)
Ready to Get Started?
Request a Quote!
×
×
×
We use cookies to give you the best online experience. By using our website you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. More info