http://www.adelco.co.uk/privacy
Skip to main content
Privacy policy
Our privacy policy
Scroll
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy policy
Overview
At Adelco Screen Process Ltd we are dedicated to safeguarding and preserving your privacy when visiting our site or communicating with us. The use of the Adelco Screen Process Ltd website (https://www.adelco.co.uk) is possible without any indication of personal data; however, if a data subject wants to use special services via our website, processing of personal data could become necessary. If the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no statutory basis for such processing, we generally obtain consent from the data subject.
The processing of personal data, such as the name, address, email address, or telephone number of a data subject shall always be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to Adelco Screen Process Ltd. By means of this data protection declaration, our company would like to inform the general public of the nature, scope, and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process. Furthermore, data subjects are informed, by means of this data protection declaration, of the rights to which they are entitled.
As the controller, Adelco Screen Process Ltd has implemented numerous technical and organisational measures to ensure the most complete protection of personal data processed through this website. However, Internet-based data transmissions may in principle have security gaps, so absolute protection may not be guaranteed. For this reason, every data subject is free to transfer personal data to us via alternative means, e.g. by telephone or by post.
Definitions
The data protection declaration of Adelco Screen Process Ltd is based on the terms used by the European legislator for the adoption of the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR). Our data protection declaration should be legible and understandable for the general public, as well as our customers and business partners. To ensure this, we would like to first explain the terminology used.
In this data protection declaration, we use the following terms:
Personal data – Personal data is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (also known as a data subject). An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified (directly or indirectly), in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
Data subject – Data subject is any identified or identifiable natural person, whose personal data is processed by the controller responsible for the processing.
Processing – Processing is any operation or set of operations that are performed on personal data or on sets of personal data. It doesn’t matter whether or not this is done manually or by automated means.
Restriction of processing – Restriction of processing is the marking of stored personal data with the aim of limiting their processing in the future.
Profiling – Profiling is any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person. Profiling can be used to analyse or predict aspects concerning that natural person’s performance at work, economic situations, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements.
Pseudonymisation – Pseudonymisation is the processing of personal data in such a manner that the personal data can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that such additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organisational measures to ensure that the personal data are not attributed to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Controller – The Controller (or controller responsible for the processing) is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body that determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data.
Processor – Processor is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.
Recipient – Recipient is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the personal data is disclosed, whether a third party or not. Public authorities that receive personal data in the framework of a particular enquiry shall not be regarded as recipients; the processing of those data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing.
Third party – Third party is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorised to process personal data.
Consent – Consent of the data subject is any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication that the data subject signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to them.
Name and Address of the controller
Controller for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), other data protection laws applicable in Member states of the European Union and other provisions related to data protection is:
Adelco Screen Process Ltd
Highview, High Street,
Bordon,
Hampshire,
England,
GU35 0AX
Email: info@adelco.co.uk
Website: https://www.adelco.co.uk
Cookies
For information on how we use cookies on this website please view our cookies policy.
Collection of general data and information
The website of Adelco Screen Process Ltd collects a series of general data and information when a data subject or automated system visits the website. This general data is stored in the web server log files.
What general data is collected?
the web browser types and versions used
the operating system used by the device visiting the website
the website from which an accessing system reaches our website (referrers)
the date and time of access to our website
the IP address of your device
the Internet Service Provider of the accessing system, and
any other similar data and information that may be used in the event of attacks on our systems
Why do you need this general data?
When using these general data and information, Adelco Screen Process Ltd does not draw any conclusions about the data subject. The information is needed to:
deliver the content of our website correctly
optimise the content of our website as well as any advertisements used
ensure the long-term viability of our IT systems and website technology, and
provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in case of a cyber attack
Adelco Screen Process Ltd analyses anonymously collected data with the aim of increasing data protection and security, and to ensure an optimal level of protection for the personal data we process. The anonymous data of the server log files are stored separately from all personal data provided by a data subject.
Subscription to newsletter
On our website, users are given the opportunity to subscribe to our newsletter. We share company news and offers with our customers and business partners regularly by means of a newsletter. The company newsletter may only be received by the data subject if :
the data subject has a valid email address, and
the data subject registers for the newsletter through our online form
Double opt-in is enabled, which means that before you receive an email from our newsletter you must confirm your subscription. A confirmation email will be sent to the email address registered by a data subject. This confirmation email is used to prove whether the owner of the email address as the data subject is authorised to receive the newsletter.
During the registration for the newsletter, we also store the IP address of the computer system assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) and used by the data subject at the time of the registration, as well as the date and time of the registration. The collection of this data is necessary in order to understand the (possible) misuse of the email address of a data subject at a later date, and it therefore serves the aim of the legal protection of the controller.
We use an Email Newsletter service called MailChimp, who collect and process the personal data collected as part of a registration for the newsletter. The subscription to our newsletter may be terminated by the data subject at any time. There is an unsubscribe  link is found at the bottom of each newsletter that is sent out by MailChimp. It is also possible to unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time directly on the website of the controller, or to communicate this to the controller in a different way.
Newsletter Tracking
The newsletter emails contains a tracking pixel, which is a miniature graphic. The pixel is embedded in emails, which are sent in HTML format to enable log file recording and analysis. This allows a statistical analysis of the success or failure of online marketing campaigns through MailChimp. Based on the embedded tracking pixel, Adelco Screen Process Ltd may see if and when an email was opened by a data subject, and which links in the email were clicked by data subjects.
Such personal data collected in the tracking pixels contained in the newsletters are stored and analysed by the controller to improve the content of future newsletters. If you do not wish to receive the newsletter you can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link at the bottom of the email or you can simply contact us. After a revocation, the personal data will be deleted by the controller. Adelco Screen Process Ltd automatically regards a withdrawal from the receipt of the newsletter as a revocation.
Contact possibility via the website
Our website contains information that enables users to contact us and we display our postal address, telephone and email address on our contact us page. If a data subject contacts the controller by email or via a contact form, the personal data transmitted by the data subject is automatically stored. Such personal data transmitted on a voluntary basis by a data subject to the data controller are stored for the purpose of processing or contacting the data subject. There is no transfer of this personal data to third parties.
Subscription to comments in our blog
The comments made in the blog of Adelco Screen Process Ltd may be subscribed to by third parties. In particular, there is the possibility that a commenter subscribes to the comments following thier comments on a particular blog post. If a data subject decides to subscribe to be notified of follow up comments then the controller will send an automated confirmation email to check the double opt-in procedure. Double opt-in is required to verify that the request has come from the data subject. The option to subscribe to comments may be terminated at any time by the data subject.
Kornit
When Adelco received an enquiry for a Kornit product we share your details with Kornit.. This information needs to be shared regardless of if a purchase has been made, if you have ordered a product they will need this information to process your order and deliver your item. Kornit may send out marketing materials that are related to your enquiry but you can opt-out at any time by using the unsubscribe link in Kornit’s emails or by contacting Adelco.
YouTube
Adelco embeds YouTube videos on our website to showcase our range of products. When you click play on the video, statistical data is sent back to YouTube, which helps us know how people are interacting with our videos. A cookie is stored on your computer to allow this statistical data to be sent back to YouTube. No personal data is stored or shared with YouTube when interacting with videos embedded on our website.
Routine erasure and blocking of personal data
The data controller shall process and store the personal data of the data subject only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of storage, or as far as this is granted by the European legislator or other legislators in laws or regulations to which the controller is subject to.
If the storage purpose is not applicable, or if a storage period prescribed by the European legislator or another competent legislator expires, the personal data are routinely blocked or erased in accordance with legal requirements.
Rights of the data subject
a) Right of confirmation – Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed. If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of confirmation, they may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller.
b) Right of access – Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller free information about their personal data stored at any time. You can submit a data access request to us and we have 30 calendar days to comply with your request. We usually respond to emails within 48 hours but to compile the report about what information is stored, collected and processed would take longer.The European directives and regulations grant the data subject access to the following information:
the purposes of the processing;
the categories of personal data concerned;
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organisations;
where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
the existence of the right to request the rectification or erasure of personal data, or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject, or to object to such processing;
the existence of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
where the personal data is not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source;
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) of the GDPR and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject.
Furthermore, the data subject shall have a right to obtain information as to whether personal data is transferred to a third country or to an international organisation. Where this is the case, the data subject shall have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer of information.
c) Right to Rectification – Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, the data subject shall have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement. If a data subject wishes to exercise this right to rectification, they may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller.
d) Right to be Forgotten – Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to request the erasure of personal data concerning them without undue delay. The controller shall have the obligation to erase personal data where one of the following grounds applies, as long as the processing is not necessary:
The personal data is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
The data subject withdraws consent to which the processing is based according to point (a) of Article 6 of the GDPR, or point (a) of Article 9 of the GDPR, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing.
The data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21 of the GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21 of the GDPR.
The personal data have been unlawfully processed.
The personal data must be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject.
The personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Article 8 of the GDPR.
If one of the aforementioned reasons apply, and a data subject wishes to request the erasure of personal data stored by Adelco Screen Process Ltd then they can contact us. An employee of Adelco Screen Process Ltd shall check the proof of identity records before handling the erasure request is complied with immediately.
The right to be forgotten isn’t an absolute right – we may have a legal obligation to store personal information for several years to comply with other legislation. The controller, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps to inform other controllers processing the personal data that the data subject has requested erasure.
e) Right to restriction of processing – Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies:
The accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data.
The processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests instead the restriction of their use instead.
The controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
The data subject has objected to processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject.
If one of the aforementioned conditions is met, and a data subject wishes to request the restriction of the processing of personal data stored by Adelco Screen Process Ltd, they may at any time contact any employee of the controller. The employee of Adelco Screen Process Ltd will arrange the restriction of the processing.
f) Right to data portability – Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator, to receive the personal data concerning him or her, which was provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. He or she shall have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data have been provided, as long as the processing is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, or on a contract pursuant to point (b) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, and the processing is carried out by automated means, as long as the processing is not necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller. In exercising their right to data portability pursuant to Article 20(1) of the GDPR, the data subject shall have the right to have personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible and when doing so does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others. In order to assert the right to data portability, the data subject must contact Ben Lacey (Managing Director) of Adelco Screen Process Ltd.
g) Right to object – Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to object, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, at any time, to processing of personal data concerning him or her, which is based on point (e) or (f) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR. This also applies to profiling based on these provisions.Adelco Screen Process Ltd shall no longer process the personal data in the event of the objection, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.If Adelco Screen Process Ltd processes personal data for direct marketing purposes, the data subject shall have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning him or her for such marketing. This applies to profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing.If the data subject objects to Adelco Screen Process Ltd to the processing for direct marketing purposes, Adelco Screen Process Ltd will no longer process the personal data for these purposes.In addition, the data subject has the right, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, to object to processing of personal data concerning them by Adelco Screen Process Ltd for scientific or historical research purposes, or for statistical purposes pursuant to Article 89(1) of the GDPR, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.In order to exercise the right to object, the data subject may contact any employee of Adelco Screen Process Ltd. In addition, the data subject is free in the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, to use his or her right to object by automated means using technical specifications.
h) Automated individual decision-making (including profiling) – Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning him or her, or similarly significantly affects him or her, as long as the decision (1) is not is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) is not authorised by Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard the data subject’s rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, or (3) is not based on the data subject’s explicit consent.If the decision (1) is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) it is based on the data subject’s explicit consent, Adelco Screen Process Ltd shall implement suitable measures to safeguard the data subject’s rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the controller, to express his or her point of view and contest the decision.If the data subject wishes to exercise the rights concerning automated individual decision-making, they may, at any time, contact any employee of Adelco Screen Process Ltd.
i) Right to withdraw data protection consent – Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to withdraw his or her consent to processing of his or her personal data at any time.f the data subject wishes to exercise the right to withdraw the consent, they may, at any time, contact any employee of Adelco Screen Process Ltd.
Data protection provisions about the application and use of Google Analytics
On this website, the controller has integrated the component of Google Analytics (with the anonymiser function). Google Analytics is a web analytics service. Web analytics is the collection, gathering, and analysis of data about the behavior of visitors to websites. A web analysis service collects data about the website from which a person has come (a referrer), what pages were visited, or how often and for what duration a web page was viewed. Web analytics are mainly used for the optimisation of a website and in order to carry out a cost-benefit analysis of Internet advertising.
For the web analytics through Google Analytics the controller uses the application “_gat. _anonymizeIp”. By means of this application the IP address of the data subject is altered by Google and anonymised when accessing our websites from a Member State of the European Union or another Contracting State to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
The purpose of the Google Analytics component is to analyse the traffic on our website. Google uses the collected data and information to evaluate the use of our website. This allows the controller to produce online reports, which show the activities on our websites, how long people stayed on the website, what content is popular etc. No personally identifiable information is stored within Google Analytics.
Google Analytics places a cookie on the device being used by the data subject. With the setting of the cookie, Google is allowed to analyse the use of our website. During your visit to our website,  Google gains knowledge of personal information, such as the IP address of the data subject, which allows Google, to understand the origin of visitors.
The cookie is used to store personal information, such as the access time, the location from which the access was made, and the frequency of visits of our website by the data subject. With each visit to our web pages, personal data, including the IP address of the device used by the data subject, will be transmitted to Google in the United States of America. These personal data are stored by Google in the United States of America. Google may pass this personal data collected through the data subjects visit to our website to third parties.
The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding settings change in their web browser and permanently prevent cookies from being stored. This change to the web browser would also prevent Google Analytics from setting a cookie on the device used by the data subject. In addition, cookies already in use by Google Analytics may be deleted at any time via a web browser.
How can I stop Google Analytics collecting and processing my personal data?
In addition, the data subject has the possibility of objecting to a collection of data that is generated by Google Analytics, which is related to the use of this website, as well as the processing of this data by Google. The data subject must download a browser add-on under the link https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout and install it.
This browser add-on tells Google Analytics, that any data and information about the data subject’s visits may not be transmitted to Google Analytics. The installation of the browser add-on is considered an objection by Google. If the device of the data subject is later deleted, formatted, or newly installed, then the data subject must reinstall the browser add-ons to disable Google Analytics.
Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Google may be retrieved under https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy and under http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html.
Data protection provisions about the application and use of Pinterest
On this website, the controller has integrated components of Pinterest Inc. Pinterest is a social network. A social network is an Internet social meeting place, an online community that allows users to communicate and interact with each other in a virtual space. A social network may serve as a platform for the exchange of opinions and experiences, or allow the Internet community to provide personal or company-related information. Pinterest enables the users of the social network to publish, inter alia, picture collections and individual pictures as well as descriptions on virtual pinboards (pins), which can then be shared by other user’s (re-pins) or commented on.
With each visit to one of the individual pages of this website, which is operated by the controller and on which a Pinterest component (Pinterest plug-in) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject automatically prompted to download through the respective Pinterest component a display of the corresponding Pinterest component. Further information on Pinterest is available under https://pinterest.com/. During the course of this technical procedure, Pinterest gains knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website is visited by the data subject.
If the data subject is logged in at the same time on Pinterest, Pinterest detects with every visit to our website by the data subject—and for the entire duration of their stay on our website what specific sub-page of our Internet page was visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the Pinterest component and associated with the respective Pinterest account of the data subject. If the data subject clicks on one of the Pinterest buttons, integrated on our website, then Pinterest assigns this information to the personal Pinterest user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.
Pinterest receives information via the Pinterest component that the data subject has visited our website, provided that the data subject is logged in at Pinterest at the time of the visit to our website. This occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on the Pinterest component or not. If such a transmission of information to Pinterest is not desirable for the data subject, then they may prevent this by logging off from their Pinterest account before a visit to our website is made.
The data protection guideline published by Pinterest, which is available under https://about.pinterest.com/privacy-policy, provides information on the collection, processing and use of personal data by Pinterest.
Data protection provisions about the application and use of Twitter
On this website, the controller has integrated components of Twitter. Twitter is a publicly-accesible micro-blogging service on which users may publish and spread ‘tweets’ (short messages), which are limited to 140 characters. These short messages are available for everyone, including those who are not logged on to Twitter. The tweets are also displayed to followers of the respective user. Followers are other Twitter users who follow a user’s tweets. Furthermore, Twitter allows you to address a wide audience via hashtags, links or retweets.
With each visit to one of the individual pages of this website, which is operated by the controller and on which a Twitter component (Twitter button) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding Twitter component of Twitter. Further information about the Twitter buttons is available under https://about.twitter.com/de/resources/buttons. Twitter knows what specific pages of our website was visited by the data subject. The purpose of the integration of the Twitter component is a retransmission of the contents of this website to allow our users to introduce this web page to the digital world and increase our visitor numbers.
If the data subject is logged in at the same time on Twitter, Twitter detects with every visit to our website by the data subject and for the entire duration of their stay on our website which specific sub-page of our Internet page was visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the Twitter component and associated with the respective Twitter account of the data subject. If the data subject clicks on one of the Twitter buttons integrated on our website, then Twitter assigns this information to the personal Twitter user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.
Twitter receives information via the Twitter component that the data subject has visited our website, provided that the data subject is logged in on Twitter at the time of the visit to our website. This occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on the Twitter component or not. If such a transmission of information to Twitter is not desirable for the data subject, then they may prevent this by logging off from their Twitter account before a visit to our website is made.
The applicable data protection provisions of Twitter may be accessed under https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en.
Legal basis for the processing
Art. 6(1) lit. a GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing operations for which we obtain consent for a specific processing purpose. If the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party, as is the case, for example, when processing operations are necessary for the supply of goods or to provide any other service, the processing is based on Article 6(1) lit. b GDPR. The same applies to such processing operations which are necessary for carrying out pre-contractual measures, for example in the case of inquiries concerning our products or services. Is our company subject to a legal obligation by which processing of personal data is required, such as for the fulfilment of tax obligations, the processing is based on Art. 6(1) lit. c GDPR.
In rare cases, the processing of personal data may be necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person. This would be the case, for example, if a visitor were injured in our company and his name, age, health insurance data or other vital information would have to be passed on to a doctor, hospital or other third party. Then the processing would be based on Art. 6(1) lit. d GDPR.
Finally, processing operations could be based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR. This legal basis is used for processing operations which are not covered by any of the above mentioned legal grounds, if processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our company or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data. Such processing operations are particularly permissible because they have been specifically mentioned by the European legislator. He considered that a legitimate interest could be assumed if the data subject is a client of the controller (Recital 47 Sentence 2 GDPR).
Legitimate business interests pursued by the controller or third party
Where the processing of personal data is based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR our legitimate interest is to carry out our business in favor of the well-being of all our employees and the shareholders.
How long will personal data will be stored
The criteria used to determine the period of storage of personal data is the respective statutory retention period. After expiration of that period, the corresponding data is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of the contract or the initiation of a contract.
Provision of personal data as statutory or contractual requirement; Requirement necessary to enter into a contract; Obligation of the data subject to provide the personal data; possible consequences of failure to provide such data
We clarify that the provision of personal data is partly required by law (e.g. tax regulations) or can also result from contractual provisions (e.g. information on the contractual partner).
Sometimes it may be necessary to conclude a contract that the data subject provides us with personal data, which must subsequently be processed by us. The data subject is, for example, obliged to provide us with personal data when our company signs a contract with him or her. The non-provision of the personal data would have the consequence that the contract with the data subject could not be concluded.
Before personal data is provided by the data subject, the data subject must contact any employee. The employee clarifies to the data subject whether the provision of the personal data is required by law or contract or is necessary for the conclusion of the contract, whether there is an obligation to provide the personal data and the consequences of non-provision of the personal data.
Existence of automated decision-making
We do not use automatic decision-making or profiling.
Our product brands
Adelco Screen Process Ltd
Highview, High Street
Bordon
Hampshire
GU35 0AX
United Kingdom
Adelco China Corporation
No.445, Wangshi Rd
Lujia
Kunshan
215300
China
Phone: +44 (0) 1420 488388
Fax: +44 (0) 1420 476445
Email: sales@adelco.co.uk