https://www.aquilar.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
About Aquilar
About Raychem
About Aquitron
About Tracetek
Applications
Commercial
Petrochemical
Products
Alarm Panels
AquiWave – Wireless
Liquid Sensing Devices
System Components /Tools
Accessories
Refrigerant Leak Detection Products
AquiNet
Aquilar Products For BREEAM
BREEAM
What is BREEAM?
Aquilar Products For BREEAM
BREEAM Applications
Case Studies
Documentation
Brochures
Videos
Datasheets
Design & Application
Installation, Operation & Maintenance
Commissioning Forms
Template Specifications
News
Contact
Contact Us
Meet The Team
Search
Privacy Policy
Aquilar / Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy sets out how we, Aquilar Ltd, collect, store and use information about you when you use or interact with our website, www.aquilar.co.uk and where we otherwise obtain or collect information about you. This Privacy Policy is effective from 15th May 2108.
Contents
Summary
Our details
Information we collect when you visit our website
Information we collect when you contact us
Information we collect when you interact with our website
How we collect or obtain information about you from third parties
Disclosure and additional uses of your information
How long we retain your information
How we secure your information
Transfers of your information outside the European Economic Area
Your rights in relation to your information
Your right to object to the processing of your information for certain purposes
Sensitive Personal Information
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Children’s Privacy
Copyright and credit
Summary
This section summarises how we obtain, store and use information about you. It is intended to provide a very general overview only. It is not complete in and of itself and it must be read in conjunction with the corresponding full sections of this Privacy Policy.
Data controller : Carl Tugwell
How we collect or obtain information about you :
when you provide it to us (e.g. by contacting us via our website),
from your use of our website, using cookies, and occasionally from third parties.
Information we collect : name, contact details, payment information e.g. your credit or debit card details, information from cookies, information about your computer or device (e.g. device and browser type), information about how you use our website (e.g. which pages you have viewed, the time when you view them and what you clicked on, the geographical location from which you accessed our website (based on your IP address), company name or business name (if applicable), VAT number (if applicable).
How we use your information : for administrative and business purposes (particularly to contact you and process orders you place), to improve our business and website, to fulfil our contractual obligations, to advertise our goods and services, to analyse your use of our website, and in connection with our legal rights and obligations.
Disclosure of your information to third parties : only to the extent necessary to run our business, to fulfil any contracts we enter into with you, where required by law or to enforce our legal rights.
We do not sell your information to third parties (other than in the course of a business sale or purchase or similar event)
How long we retain your information : for no longer than necessary, taking into account any legal obligations we have (e.g. to maintain records for tax purposes), any other legal basis we have for using your information (e.g. your consent, performance of a contract with you or our legitimate interests as a business). For specific retention periods in relation to certain information which we collect from you, please see the main section below entitled “How long we retain your information“.
How we secure your information : using appropriate technical and organisational measures such as storing your information on secure servers, encrypting transfers of data to or from our servers using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology, only granting access to your information where necessary.
Use of cookies: we use cookies on our website. For more information, please visit our cookies policy here: www.aquilar.co.uk/cookies
Transfers of your information outside the European Economic Area : we will only transfer your information outside the European Economic Area if we are required to do so by law
Use of automated decision making and profiling : we do not use automated decision making [and/or] profiling.
Your rights in relation to your information
to access your information and to receive information about its use
to have your information corrected and/or completed
to have your information deleted
to restrict the use of your information
to receive your information in a portable format
to object to the use of your information
to withdraw your consent to the use of your information
to complain to a supervisory authority
Sensitive personal information : we do not knowingly or intentionally collect what is commonly referred to as ‘sensitive personal information’. For more information, please see the main section below entitled “Sensitive Personal Information“.
Our Details
The data controller in respect of our website is Carl Tugwell of Aquilar Ltd, Weights & Measures House, 20 Barttelot Road, Horsham, West Sussex. RH12 1DQ. You can contact the data controller by writing to, or sending an email to info@aquilar.co.uk
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact the data controller.
Information we collect when you visit our website
We collect and use information from website visitors in accordance with this section and the section entitled “Disclosure and additional uses of your information”.
Cookies
Cookies are data files which are sent from a website to a browser to record information about users for various purposes.
We use cookies on our website. For further information on how we use cookies, please see our cookies policy which is available here: www.aquilar.co.uk/cookies/
You can reject some or all of the cookies we use on or via our website by changing your browser settings, but doing so can impair your ability to use our website or some or all of its features. For further information about cookies, including how to change your browser settings, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org or see our cookies policy.
Information we collect when you contact us
We collect and use information from individuals who contact us in accordance with this section and the section entitled Disclosure and additional uses of your information.
Email
When you send an email to the email address displayed on our website we collect your email address and any other information you provide in that email (such as your name, telephone number and the information contained in any signature block in your email).
Legal basis for processing : our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest(s) : responding to enquiries and messages we receive and keeping records of correspondence.
Legal basis for processing : necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request to enter into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Reason why necessary to perform a contract : where your message relates to us providing you with goods or services or taking steps at your request prior to providing you with our goods and services (for example, providing you with information about such goods and services), we will process your information in order to do so).
Contact form
When you contact us using our contact form, we collect your name and email address. We also collect any other information you provide to us when you complete the contact form, including any optional information, such as: phone number, company name and location.
To service your enquiry, we will store your details on our project management database. We do this to be able to serve you in the best possible way in the future. All information is stored securely. If you do not want your information to be stored, please contact us.
If you do not provide the mandatory information required by our contact form, you will not be able to submit the contact form and we will not receive your enquiry.
Legal basis for processing : our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest(s) : responding to enquiries and messages we receive and keeping records of correspondence.
Legal basis for processing : necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request to enter into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Reason why necessary to perform a contract : where your message relates to us providing you with goods or services or taking steps at your request prior to providing you with our goods and services (for example, providing you with information about such goods and services), we will process your information in order to do so).
“Transfer and storage of your information”
Messages you send us via our contact form will be stored within the European Economic Area on our servers.
Phone
When you contact us by phone, we collect your phone number and any information provide to us during your conversation with us.
We do not record phone calls.
Legal basis for processing : our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation)
Legitimate interest(s) : responding to enquiries and messages we receive and keeping records of correspondence.
Legal basis for processing : necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request to enter into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Reason why necessary to perform a contract : where your message relates to us providing you with goods or services or taking steps at your request prior to providing you with our goods and services (for example, providing you with information about such goods and services), we will process your information in order to do so).
“Transfer and storage of your information”
Information about your call, such as your phone number and the date and time of your call, is processed by our third party telephone service provider VOIP Unlimited. Their privacy policy is available here: www.voip-unlimited.net/privacy-policy/
Post
If you contact us by post, we will collect any information you provide to us in any postal communications you send us.
Legal basis for processing : our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation)
Legitimate interest(s) : responding to enquiries and messages we receive and keeping records of correspondence.
Legal basis for processing : necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request to enter into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Reason why necessary to perform a contract : where your message relates to us providing you with goods or services or taking steps at your request prior to providing you with our goods and services (for example, providing you with information about such goods and services), we will process your information in order to do so).
Processing your payment
If you wish to make a payment for goods or services using a credit or debit card, in order to process your payment we use SagePay via a payment gateway.
SagePay collects, uses and processes your information, including payment information, in accordance with their privacy policies. You can access their privacy policy via the following link: www.sagepay.co.uk/policies/privacy-policy
Legal basis for processing : necessary to perform a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Reason why necessary to perform a contract : to fulfil your contractual obligation to pay for the goods or services you have ordered from us.
Information collected or obtained from third parties
This section sets out how we obtain or collect information about you from third parties.
Information received from third parties
Generally, we do not receive information about you from third parties.
It is possible that third parties with whom we have had no prior contact may provide us with information about you.
Information we obtain from third parties will generally be your name and contact details, but will include any additional information about you which they provide to us.
Legal basis for processing : necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request to enter into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Reason why necessary to perform a contract : where a third party has passed on information about you to us (such as your name and email address) in order for us to provide services to you, we will process your information in order to take steps at your request to enter into a contract with you and perform a contract with you (as the case may be).
Legal basis for processing : consent (Article 6(1)(a) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Consent : where you have asked that a third party to share information about you with us and the purpose of sharing that information is not related to the performance of a contract or services by us to you, we will process your information on the basis of your consent, which you give by asking the third party in question to pass on your information to us.
Legal basis for processing : our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interests : where a third party has shared information about you with us and you have not consented to the sharing of that information, we will have a legitimate interest in processing that information in certain circumstances.
For example, we would have a legitimate interest in processing your information to perform our obligations under a sub-contract with the third party, where the third party has the main contract with you. Our legitimate interest is the performance of our obligations under our sub-contract.
Similarly, third parties may pass on information about you to us if you have infringed or potentially infringed any of our legal rights. In this case, we will have a legitimate interest in processing that information to investigate and pursue any such potential infringement.
Where we receive information about you in error
If we receive information about you from a third party in error and/or we do not have a legal basis for processing that information, we will delete your information.
Information obtained by us from third parties
In certain circumstances (for example, to verify the information we hold about you or obtain missing information we require to provide you with a service) we will obtain information about you from certain publicly accessible sources, both EU and non-EU, such as Companies House, Credit Safe, and websites.
Legal basis for processing : necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request to enter into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Reason why necessary to perform a contract : where you have entered into a contract or requested that we enter into a contract with you, in certain circumstances, we will obtain information about you from public sources in order to enable us to understand your business and provide services to you or services to a sufficient standard.
For example, we would obtain and/or verify your email address from your website or from a directory where you ask us to send you information by email but we do not possess the information or we need to confirm that we have recorded your email address correctly.
Legal basis for processing : our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interests : in certain circumstances, we will have a legitimate interest in obtaining information about you from public and private sources. For example, if you have infringed or we suspect that you have infringed any of our legal rights, we will have a legitimate interest in obtaining and processing information about you from such sources in order to investigate and pursue any suspected or potential infringement.
Disclosure of your information to other third parties
We disclose your information to other third parties in specific circumstances, as set out below.
Sharing your information with third parties, which are either related to or associated with the running of our business, where it is necessary for us to do so. These third parties include our accountants, affiliates, independent contractors and insurers. Further information on each of these third parties is set out below.
Legal basis for processing : our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest : running and managing our business efficiently.
We share information with our accountants for tax purposes. For example, we share invoices we issue and receive with our accountants for the purpose of completing tax returns and our end of year accounts.
Affiliates are individuals or entities we work with to promote our business by various means, including by advertising our services on their websites, for example. Our affiliates are in Leak Detection System supply and installation. Affiliates will share information with us and we will share information with them where you have expressed an interest in our products or services.
We do not display the identities of all of the other third parties we may share information with by name for security and competitive reasons. If you would like further information about the identities of such third parties, however, please contact us directly by email and we will provide you with such information where you have a legitimate reason for requesting it (where we have shared your information with such third parties, for example).
Disclosure and use of your information for legal reasons
Indicating possible criminal acts or threats to public security to a competent authority
If we suspect that criminal or potential criminal conduct has been occurred, we will in certain circumstances need to contact an appropriate authority, such as the police. This could be the case, for instance, if we suspect that we fraud or a cybercrime has been committed or if we receive threats or malicious communications towards us or third parties.
We will generally only need to process your information for this purpose if you were involved or affected by such an incident in some way.
Legal basis for processing : our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interests : preventing crime or suspected criminal activity (such as fraud).
In connection with the enforcement or potential enforcement our legal rights
We will use your information in connection with the enforcement or potential enforcement of our legal rights, including, for example, sharing information with debt collection agencies if you do not pay amounts owed to us when you are contractually obliged to do so. Our legal rights may be contractual (where we have entered into a contract with you) or non-contractual (such as legal rights that we have under copyright law or tort law).
Legal basis for processing : our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest: enforcing our legal rights and taking steps to enforce our legal rights.
In connection with a legal or potential legal dispute or proceedings
We may need to use your information if we are involved in a dispute with you or a third party for example, either to resolve the dispute or as part of any mediation, arbitration or court resolution or similar process.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest(s): resolving disputes and potential disputes.
For ongoing compliance with laws, regulations and other legal requirements
We will use and process your information in order to comply with legal obligations to which we are subject. For example, we may need to disclose your information pursuant to a court order or subpoena if we receive one.
Legal basis for processing : compliance with a legal obligation (Article 6(1)(c) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legal obligation(s) : legal obligations to disclose information which are part of the laws of England and Wales or if they have been integrated into the United Kingdom’s legal framework (for example in the form of an international agreement which the United Kingdom has signed).
Legal basis for processing : our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest : where the legal obligations are part of the laws of another country and have not been integrated into the United Kingdom’s legal framework, we have a legitimate interest in complying with these obligations.
How long we retain your information
This section sets out how long we retain your information. We have set out specific retention periods where possible. Where that has not been possible, we have set out the criteria we use to determine the retention period.
Retention periods
Order information: when you place an order for goods and services, we retain that information for six years following the end of the financial year in which you placed your order, in accordance with our legal obligation to keep records for tax purposes.
Correspondence and enquiries: when you make an enquiry or correspond with us for any reason, whether by email, via our contact form or by phone, we will retain your information for as long as it takes to respond to and resolve your enquiry, and for 48 months, after which point we will delete your information.
Criteria for determining retention periods
In any other circumstances, we will retain your information for no longer than necessary, taking into account the following:
the purpose(s) and use of your information both now and in the future (such as whether it is necessary to continue to store that information in order to continue to perform our obligations under a contract with you or to contact you in the future);
whether we have any legal obligation to continue to process your information (such as any record-keeping obligations imposed by relevant law or regulation);
whether we have any legal basis to continue to process your information (such as your consent);
how valuable your information is (both now and in the future);
any relevant agreed industry practices on how long information should be retained;
the levels of risk, cost and liability involved with us continuing to hold the information;
how hard it is to ensure that the information can be kept up to date and accurate; and
any relevant surrounding circumstances (such as the nature and status of our relationship with you).
How we secure your information
We take appropriate technical and organisational measures to secure your information and to protect it against unauthorised or unlawful use and accidental loss or destruction, including:
only sharing and providing access to your information to the minimum extent necessary, subject to confidentiality restrictions where appropriate, and on an anonymised basis wherever possible;
using secure servers to store your information
verifying the identity of any individual who requests access to information prior to granting them access to information;
using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software to encrypt any information you submit to us via any forms on our website
Transmission of information to us by email
Transmission of information over the internet is not entirely secure, and if you submit any information to us over the internet (whether by email, via our website or any other means), you do so entirely at your own risk.
We cannot be responsible for any costs, expenses, loss of profits, harm to reputation, damages, liabilities or any other form of loss or damage suffered by you as a result of your decision to transmit information to us by such means.
Transfers of your information outside the European Economic Area
All of your information is stored in the following European Economic Area (EEA) country: UK.
Other than to comply with any legal obligations to which we are subject (compliance with a court order, for example), we do not intend to transfer your information outside the EEA or to an international organisation. In the unlikely event that we are required to transfer your information outside the EEA (or to an international organisation) for such a purpose, we will ensure appropriate safeguards and protections are in place.
Your rights in relation to your information
Subject to certain limitations on certain rights, you have the following rights in relation to your information, which you can exercise by sending an email to info@aquilar.co.uk
to request access to your information and information related to our use and processing of your information;
to request the correction or deletion of your information;
to request that we restrict our use of your information;
to receive information which you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format (e.g. a CSV file) and the right to have that information transferred to another data controller (including a third party data controller);
to object to the processing of your information for certain purposes (for further information, see the section below entitled “Your right to object to the processing of your information for certain purposes“); and
to withdraw your consent to our use of your information at any time where we rely on your consent to use or process that information. Please note that if you withdraw your consent, this will not affect the lawfulness of our use and processing of your information on the basis of your consent before the point in time when you withdraw your consent.
In accordance with Article 77 of the General Data Protection Regulation, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or of an alleged infringement of the General Data Protection Regulation.
For the purposes of the UK, the supervisory authority is the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the contact details of which are available here: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
Further information on your rights in relation to your personal data as an individual
The above rights are provided in summary form only and certain limitations apply to many of these rights. For further information about your rights in relation to your information, including any limitations which apply, please visit the following pages on the ICO’s website:
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulationgdpr/individual-rights/ ; and
https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/is-my-information-being-handled-correctly/
You can also find out further information about your rights, as well as information on any limitations which apply to those rights, by reading the underlying legislation contained in Articles 12 to 22 and 34 of the General Data Protection Regulation, which is available here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/dataprotection/ reform/files/regulation_oj_en.pdf
Verifying your identity where you request access to your information
Where you request access to your information, we are required by law to use all reasonable measures to verify your identity before doing so.
These measures are designed to protect your information and to reduce the risk of identity fraud, identity theft or general unauthorised access to your information.
How we verify your identity
Where we possess appropriate information about you on file, we will attempt to verify your identity using that information.
If it is not possible to identity you from such information, or if we have insufficient information about you, we may require original or certified copies of certain documentation in order to be able to verify your identity before we are able to provide you with access to your information.
We will be able to confirm the precise information we require to verify your identity in your specific circumstances if and when you make such a request.
Your right to object to the processing of your information for certain purposes
You have the following rights in relation to your information, which you may exercise in the same way as you may exercise by sending an email to info@aquilar.co.uk
to object to us using or processing your information where we use or process it in order to carry out a task in the public interest or for our legitimate interests , including ‘profiling’ (i.e. analysing or predicting your behaviour based on your information) based on any of these purposes; and
to object to us using or processing your information for direct marketing purposes (including any profiling we engage in that is related to such direct marketing).
You may also exercise your right to object to us using or processing your information for direct marketing purposes by:
clicking the unsubscribe link contained at the bottom of any marketing email we send to you and following the instructions which appear in your browser following your clicking on that link;
sending an email to info@aquilar.co.uk, asking that we stop sending you marketing communications or by including the words “OPT OUT”.
For more information on how to object to our use of information collected from cookies and similar technologies, please see the section entitled “How to accept or reject cookies” in our cookies policy, which is available here: www.aquilar.co.uk/cookies/
Sensitive Personal Information
‘Sensitive personal information’ is information about an individual that reveals their racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, genetic information, biometric information for the purpose of uniquely identifying an individual, information concerning health or information concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation.
We do not knowingly or intentionally collect sensitive personal information from individuals, and you must not submit sensitive personal information to us.
If, however, you inadvertently or intentionally transmit sensitive personal information to us, you will be considered to have explicitly consented to us processing that sensitive personal information under Article 9(2)(a) of the General Data Protection Regulation. We will use and process your sensitive personal information for the purposes of deleting it.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We update and amend our Privacy Policy from time to time.
Minor changes to our Privacy Policy
Where we make minor changes to our Privacy Policy, we will update our Privacy Policy with a new effective date stated at the beginning of it. Our processing of your information will be governed by the practices set out in that new version of the Privacy Policy from its effective date onwards.
Major changes to our Privacy Policy or the purposes for which we process your information
Where we make major changes to our Privacy Policy or intend to use your information for a new purpose or a different purpose than the purposes for which we originally collected it, we will notify you by email (where possible) or by posting a notice on our website.
We will provide you with the information about the change in question and the purpose and any other relevant information before we use your information for that new purpose.
Wherever required, we will obtain your prior consent before using your information for a purpose that is different from the purposes for which we originally collected it.
Children’s Privacy
Because we care about the safety and privacy of children online, we comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA). COPPA and its accompanying regulations protect the privacy of children using the internet. We do not knowingly contact or collect information from persons under the age of 18. The website is not intended to solicit information of any kind from persons under the age of 18.
It is possible that we could receive information pertaining to persons under the age of 18 by the fraud or deception of a third party. If we are notified of this, as soon as we verify the information, we will, where required by law to do so, immediately obtain the appropriate parental consent to use that information or, if we are unable to obtain such parental consent, we will delete the information from our servers. If you would like to notify us of our receipt of information about persons under the age of 18, please do so by sending an email to info@aquilar.co.uk
Copyright and credit
This Privacy Policy is based on a General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/769) (GDPR) compliant template provided by GDPR Privacy Policy. For further information, please visit https://gdprprivacypolicy.org
The copyright in this Privacy Policy is either owned by, or licensed to, us and is protected by copyright laws around the world and copyright protection software. All intellectual property rights in this document are reserved.
site by hyperlinx | sitemap | privacy policy | © Aquilar 2020
This site uses cookies: Click here to find out more >Got it thanks