https://www.trellisdoors.com.au/privacy-policy
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY – The Australian trellis door company (atdc)
COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY
This website is owned and operated by ATDC. Your privacy on the Internet is of  utmost importance to us. At ATDC, we want to make your experience online satisfying,secure and safe.
Since we gather certain types of information about our users, we believe you should understand our policy and the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it.
Information which ATDC gathers & tracks
ATDC gathers two (2) types of information about its users:
Information that its users provide through optional, voluntary submissions. These are voluntary submissions to receive further information about ATDC’s products or services. Under no circumstances does ATDC divulge any information about an individual user to  third parties.
Information that ATDC gathers through aggregated tracking information derived mainly by tallying page views throughout its websites. This information allows ATDC to better tailor its content to readers’ needs. Under no circumstances does ATDC divulge any information about an individual user to third parties.
ATDC Gathers User Information In The Following Processes:
ATDC offers the following free services, which require some type of voluntary submission of personal information by its users:
“Get a Quote” form submission
ATDC’s users can choose to enter their details to receive further information relating to getting pricing on our products or services. The information gathered from this form is used for identifying users needs and to provide contact information for further communication about ATDC’s products and services as specifically requested.
“Contact Us” form submission
Our users can choose to request further information or ask questions directly from our online enquiry form. The information gathered from users will be used to make contact with these clients to provide answers to their questions and not for any other purpose.
Children
Consistent with the Federal Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), ATDC  will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting the person’s parental consent.
Usage tracking
ATDC tracks user traffic patterns throughout all of our websites. However, we do not correlate this information with data about individual users. ATDC does break down overall usage statistics according to a user’s domain name, browser type, and MIME type by reading this information from the browser string (information contained in every user’s browser).
ATDC use tracking information to determine which areas of our websites users like and don’t like based on traffic to those areas. ATDC  does not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue to build a better service for you,the user.
Cookies
We may place a text file called a “cookie” in the browser files of your computer. The cookie itself does not contain Personal Information although it will enable us to relate your use of this website to information that you,the user, have specifically and knowingly provided. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you,the user, supply yourself. A cookie can’t read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. ATDC uses cookies to track user traffic patterns (as described above).
You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you’ve set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use this website. However, you do need cookies to participate actively in message boards, forums, polling and surveys.
USE OF INFORMATION
ATDC uses any information voluntarily given by our users to enhance their experience in our network of websites, make contact via telephone or via email to provide information requested by users, provide interactive or personalised elements on the websites or to better prepare future content based on the interests of our users.
As stated above, we use information that users voluntarily provide in order to send out personalised quotes or make contact with users who have questions or need further advice or information. ATDC never shares personal information with any third party, including advertisers, sponsors or partners.
Since we don’t track the usage patterns of individual users, an advertiser or sponsor will never know that a specific user clicked their ad. ATDC will not disclose any information about any individual user except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the public.
SHARING OF THE INFORMATION
ATDC uses the above-described information to customize our content to suit your needs and provide information that has been requested by users.ATDC  will not share information about individual users with any third parties, except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the public.
OPT-OUT POLICY
ATDC gives users options wherever necessary and practical. Such choices include:
Opting not to participate in certain interactive areas, which completely alleviates the need to gather any personally identifiable information from our users.
Contact vie email or via telephone to request the deletion of any correspondence or personal information.
YOUR CONSENT
By using this website, you,the user, consent to the collection and use of this information by ATDC. If ATDC decides to change its privacy policy, it will post those changes on this page so that you,the user, are always aware of what information we collect, how we utilize it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Security Standards and Testing
The S03™ and S06™ trellis doors passed this test by withstanding a force of 450N being applied to its locking style. i.e. the same effect as an intruder attempting to lever open our 3-point locking system.
The S03™ and S06™ trellis doors passed this test by withstanding a repeated impact force of 100 joules from a 40kg lead ball i.e. the same effect as an intruder attempting to kick his way through the security door.
The S03™ and S06™ trellis doors passed this test by withstanding a repeated pulling force of up to 2kN i.e. the same effect as an intruder attempting to pull out the security door or window.
To identify and mitigate risks to health and safety to assist in identifying safety hazards related to the supply and use of the S04-1™ mobile trackless trellis barrier.