https://www.benq.com/en-us/policy/cookie-policy/about-cookies.html
Policy /
Cookie Policy /
About Cookies
Policy Center
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
About Cookies
Cookie Settings
About Cookies
What do I need to know about cookies?
How does BenQ use cookies?
What happens if third party cookies are disabled on my browser?
How does BenQ use cookies for advertising?
•	What do I need to know about cookies?
Page updated: 16 April 2020
Cookies are small pieces of data that are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website or application.
We use them to:
Remember information about you, so you don’t have to give it to us again. And again. And again
Keep you signed in, even on different devices
Help us understand how people are using our services, so we can make them better
Help us personalize BenQ website to you by remembering your preferences and settings. And your progress, so you can pause and pick up where you left off last time, even on a different device
To find out if our emails have been read and if you find them useful
You can change your BenQ cookie settings at any time. And you can find out how to stop your browser tracking your info here.
There are different types of cookies:
First-party cookies
These cookies are set by the website you’re visiting. And only that website can read them.
Third-party cookies
These cookies are set by someone other than the owner of the website you’re visiting. Some BenQ web pages may also contain content from other sites like YouTube or Flickr, which may set their own cookies. Also, if you share a link to a BenQ page, the service you share it on (for example, Facebook) may set a cookie on your browser. We have no control over third-party cookies - you can turn them off, but not through us.
Session cookies
These cookies only last as long as your online session, and disappear from your computer or device when you close your browser (like Internet Explorer or Safari).
Persistent cookies
These cookies stay on your computer or device after your browser has been closed and last for a time specified in the cookie. We use persistent cookies when we need to know who you are for more than one browsing session. For example, we use them to remember your preferences for the next time you visit.
Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies let you use all the different parts of the BenQ website. Without them, services that you’ve asked for can’t be provided. Some examples of how we use these cookies are:
If you sign into a BenQ site that requires a login.
If you buy product in a BenQ site that we provide the information for online store mini cart and checkout function.
The IP detection for local homepage
Remembering if you visited the BenQ website before so that messages for new visitors are not displayed to you
Functional cookies
These cookies help us personalize BenQ website to you by remembering your preferences and settings. Some examples of how we use these cookies are:
Remembering the information that user viewed which model on our sites, and shows the information on our sit
Performance cookies
These help us understand how people are using the BenQ website, so we can make it better. And they let us try out different ideas. We sometimes get other companies to analyze how people are using the BenQ website. These companies might set their own performance cookies. Some examples of how we use these cookies are:
Collecting information on which web pages visitors go to most often so we can improve our online services
Making sure that the website is working properly and fixing any errors
Testing designs to help improve the look and feel of the website
Advertising cookies and other technologies
Some sites use things like web beacons, clear GIFs, page tags and web bugs to understand how people are using them and to target advertising to them.
These other technologies usually take the form of a small, transparent image that is embedded in a web page or email. They work with cookies and capture data like your IP address, when you viewed the page or email, what device you were using and where you were. You can find out how to avoid them here.
•	How does BenQ use cookies?
Page updated: 16 April 2020
We use different types of cookies for different things, such as:
Analyzing how you use the BenQ website
Giving you a better, more personalized experience
Recognizing when you’ve optionally signed into any BenQ site requiring a login
Read on to find out more about the different kinds of cookie we use. If you like you can turn BenQ cookies on or off here.
Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies let you use all the different parts of the website. Without them, services that you’ve asked for can’t be provided.
List of strictly necessary cookies
Functional cookies
These help us personalize BenQ website to you by remembering your preferences and settings.
List of functional cookies
Performance cookies
These help us understand how people are using BenQ online, so we can make it better. And they let us try out different ideas. We sometimes get other companies to analyze how people are using BenQ online. These companies might set their own performance cookies.
List of performance and advertising cookies
Advertising cookies and other technologies
Our advertising providers, including Google and Facebook, use cookies and web pixels to identify and store behaviors that users take when visiting our website (such as pages visited and search terms used). These cookies are used in order to: (i) identify you as a prospect for our services; (ii) deliver advertisements that are more relevant to you and your interests; (iii) limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as (iv) help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. If a user engages with our content, their behavior on our Website is used to present them with targeted advertising based on their interests. This means that after you are done browsing the BenQ website you may see some advertisements about our services or products elsewhere on the Internet. For more information on how to opt out of advertising cookies, please see cookie settings.
List of performance and advertising cookies
•	What happens if third party cookies are disabled on my browser?
If third-party cookies are disabled on your browser, some features on the BenQ website may not work quite as you'd expect.
This is because, your BenQ session relies on cookies to provide personalization.
If your browser is blocking third-party cookies, some of these features can't work properly so you may experience problems.
We're working on a way of solving this problem. In the meantime, if you’ve chosen to block third-party cookies on your browser and want to avoid problems, be sure to set exceptions for the BenQ website.
This won't affect your privacy settings on other websites and services you use.
•	How does BenQ use cookies for advertising?
Our advertising is delivered to you through us or our authorized advertising partners. These cookies help us to monitor the effectiveness of the ads. We or our authorized partners may also use cookies that they have set on your device when you were browsing other websites. They do this so that they know you have seen a particular advert or to match you with their database. This helps them to do things like cap how many adverts you see across the internet and, if you have taken part in market research, the research company may record that you have seen a particular advert.
List of our authorized advertising partners:
This list will be constantly updated, therefore we recommend checking it from time to time.
Facebook Pixel: We use Facebook pixel by to customize our advertising and to serve you ads on your social media based on your browsing behavior. This allows your behavior to be tracked after you have been redirected to our website by clicking on the Facebook ad. The Facebook Pixel stores a cookie on your computer to enable us to measure the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes. We do not have access to the personal information collected through the Facebook Pixel. However, the information collected via the Facebook Pixel, on our website as well as other websites on which Facebook Pixel is installed, is also stored and processed by Facebook. Facebook may link this information to your Facebook account and also use it for its own promotional purposes in accordance with Facebook's Data Usage Policy [https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/]. The Facebook Pixel also allows Facebook and its partners to show you advertisements on and outside of Facebook. You can opt-out of displaying Facebook ads by visiting [https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads].
Google DoubleClick, AdSense and AdWords: We use Google DoubleClick, AdSense, and AdWords to serve ads that appear on Google products and on sites across the Internet. Google places cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies to service you ads based on past visits to our website. Each customer receives a different conversion cookie. The information collected by the cookie is used to generate conversion statistics and allows us to see the total number of individuals who clicked on our ads. Please click here for more information on how Google uses the information collected. You can control the information provided to Google and opt out of certain ads provided by Google by using any of the methods set forth in Google’s Ads Settings here.
Behavioral or Interest-Based Advertising Generally: Some mobile devices provide options to opt out of behavioral advertising, such as the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting on iOS devices or setting to “Opt out of Interest-Based Ads” on Android devices. You can opt out of certain behavioral advertisements by clicking on the “Ad Choices” icon or visiting www.optout.aboutads.info. To learn more about the use of your information for behavioral advertising, visit the Network Advertising Initiative, (http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp) or the Digital Advertising Alliance (http://www.aboutads.com/info/choices/).
TOP