http://www.alpinemortgage.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Apply Now
Contact
Home
(800) 876-5626 steve@alpinebanker.com
Online Resources
Apply Now
Today's Rates
Pre-Qualify
Calculators
$350 Flat Fee Loan
Pricing Guarantee
Closing Guarantee
Download Application
Loan Info
Loan Programs
Loan Process
Purchasing
Refinance
Debt Consolidation
Need Cash?
Imperfect Credit?
Hard Money Loans
Bankruptcy Loans
FHA Loans
VA Loans
Reverse Mortgage
Coop Loans
Condotel Loans
Foreign National
Commercial Loans
Construction Loans
Interest Only
Reduced Doc Loans
First Time Buyer
Forms
Learning Center
News & Advice
FAQ
Company Info
About Us
Contact Us
Job Opportunities
Broker Forms
Privacy Policy
NJ Mortgage
NY Mortgage
CT Mortgage
FL Mortgage
Real Estate Info
All Listings
PRIVACY POLICYCustomer service is very important to all of us. As we continue to improve and expand our services, we recognize our customers' need and desire to preserve their privacy and confidentiality. Safeguarding our customers' privacy is also very important to us. We have adopted standards that help maintain and preserve the confidentiality of customers' nonpublic personal information. The following Statement affirms our continued efforts to safeguard customer information.Information We CollectWe gather nonpublic personal information about our customers as may be necessary to conduct business with our customers.We collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources: Information we receive from you on applications or other forms, over the telephone or in face-to-face meetings, and via the Internet. Examples of information we receive from you include your name, address, telephone number, social security number, credit history and other financial information.
Information about your transactions with us or others. Examples of information relating to your transactions include payment histories, account balances and account activity.
Information we receive from a consumer reporting agency. Examples of information from consumer reporting agencies include your credit score, credit reports and other information relating to your creditworthiness.
From employers and others to verify information you have given to us. Examples of information provided by employers and others include verifications of employment, income or deposits. Information We Disclose Your personal information will only be retained for the purpose of providing you with our response to your query and will not be made available to any third party except as necessary to be disclosed to any related entity for the purpose intended or as required to be disclosed under law. By submitting data on our website, the visitor is providing explicit consent to transmission of data collected on the website. We treat data as confidential within our firm and require a strict adherence of all our employees to data protection and our confidentiality policies.All visitors, however, should be aware that our website may contain links to other sites that are not governed by this or any other privacy statement.We reserve the right to amend (that is, add to, delete or change) the terms of this Privacy Statement from time to time.
Todays Rates
Loan Program
Rate
APR
30 Year Fixed
2.875%
2.886%
20 Year Fixed
2.750%
2.782%
15 Year Fixed
2.500%
2.515%
5/1 Arm
2.750%
3.234%
7/1 Arm
2.875%
3.256%
Quick Quote
Alpine Mortgage Services, LLC - NMLS #56905 - 201 W Passaic Street, Suite 101 - Rochelle Park, NJ 07662 Office Phone: (201) 488-8809   |   Fax: (201) 488-8819   |   Toll Free: (800) 876-LOAN
A New Jersey, New York, Connecticut, Florida & California Mortgage Company Specializing in Purchase, Refinance & Debt Consolidation Loans Mortgage Broker, FL Office of Financial Regulation | Licensed Mortgage Lender, NJ Department of Banking & Insurance Registered Mortgage Broker, NYS Banking Department - All mortgage loans arranged with third party providers Mortgage Loan Correspondent, PA Department of Banking & Securities | Licensed Lender, CT Department of BankingLicensed CFL Broker, CA Department of Business Oversight
Sitemap New Jersey Mortgage | New York Mortgage | Connecticut Mortgage | California Mortgage | Florida Mortgage
© 2012 Alpine Mortgage. All Rights Reserved.