http://www.arrowlock.com/en/site/arrowlock/site-functions/legal-notice/
Legal notice - Menu
Skip to main content
Site Map
Legal
Professional Replacement ProductsVideosLocate A Security ProfessionalLiterature and Price BookAboutContact
Site Map
Legal
Search
ContactLegal noticeSite map
Legal Notice
/Other/Arrow/2_Headers/Legal.jpg
PRIVACY AND LEGAL NOTICE
This is a general privacy and legal notice in relation to the ASSA ABLOY group (“ASSA ABLOY”) website. On this website, ASSA ABLOY provides online information. By accessing and using this site, you agree to be legally bound by and to comply with the following terms and conditions in this Privacy and Legal Notice.
We reserve the right to change or discontinue, at any time, any aspect or feature of this site, including the privacy and legal notice, and such modifications shall be effective immediately upon the posting of the modified aspect or feature of this site or the modified privacy and legal notice.
Legal Notice
COPYRIGHT, TRADEMARKS AND TERM OF USE
The contents of this site (the “Content”), including but not limited to text, graphics and images, trademarks, brands, logos and software are protected by Intellectual Property Rights Laws. The title to the Content shall not pass to you or to any other user of this site, and instead shall remain with ASSA ABLOY or a third party holding the title to the materials posted on this site.
ASSA ABLOY owns the names that are used for the company’s business and those of the company’s products and services mentioned in this site, and these names are protected by Intellectual Property Rights Laws. All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
You are authorized to view, e-mail, download, or print copies of the Content, but only for your personal, non-commercial use. Unauthorized use of the Content may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. Whenever you e-mail, download, or print copies of the Content, you must also include all copyright and other notices that are included in the Content, including any copyright notices at the bottom of the page.
The Content may not be reproduced, transcribed, stored in a retrieval system, translated into any natural or computer language, re-transmitted in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photographic, recorded, or otherwise), resold, or redistributed without the prior written consent of ASSA ABLOY. You may not sell or modify the Content or reproduce, display, publicly perform, distribute or otherwise use the Content in any way for any public or commercial purpose. You may not “frame” this site or any of the content therein, and you agree not to copy any portion of this site to a server. You further agree not to display or use any ASSA ABLOY names, logos or trademarks in any manner without ASSA ABLOY’s prior written consent.
The use of the Content on any other website or in any other networked computer environment for any purpose is expressly prohibited, although you may provide HTML hyperlinks from your website to this site, subject to these terms of use. You are hereby granted a non-exclusive, limited, and revocable license to link to this site. You agree not to present any links to this site in such a way that they are associated with advertising or appear to be an endorsement of any organization, product, or service. You agree not to place links to this site on any websites that a reasonable person would consider obscene, defamatory, harassing, grossly offensive, or malicious. ASSA ABLOY reserves the right to revoke this license generally, or your right to use specific links, at any time. If ASSA ABLOY revokes this license, you agree to remove and disable any and all of your links to this site immediately.
If you use the Content in a way that is not clearly allowed by these terms and conditions of use, you may be violating copyright, trademark, and other laws. If such is the case, ASSA ABLOY automatically revokes your permission to use this site, and ASSA ABLOY shall be entitled to request that you immediately destroy any copies you have made of any portion of the Content. All rights not expressly granted by these terms and conditions are reserved.
DISCLAIMER
ASSA ABLOY MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED FROM USING OR RELYING UPON THIS SITE OR THE CONTENT CONTAINED IN OR PROVIDED BY THIS SITE. THEREFORE, YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
ASSA ABLOY PROVIDES THIS SITE AND THE CONTENT AND SERVICES HEREIN ON AN “AS IS” BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY. ASSA ABLOY, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, HEREBY EXPRESSLY AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES’ RIGHTS, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. ASSA ABLOY MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, CONTINUITY, OR TIMELINESS OF THE CONTENT, SERVICES, SOFTWARE, TEXT, GRAPHICS, LINKS, OR COMMUNICATIONS PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH THE USE OF THIS SITE. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR TAKING ALL PRECAUTIONS NECESSARY TO ENSURE THAT ANY CONTENT YOU MAY OBTAIN FROM THIS SITE IS FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES OR ANY OTHER POTENTIALLY DESTRUCTIVE COMPUTER CODE.
Neither ASSA ABLOY nor any person or company associated with ASSA ABLOY shall be liable for any damages whatsoever resulting from your use or inability to use this site or any content, services, or materials provided by or on this site (“this protection”). This protection includes all claims, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, strict liability, or any other legal theory, and whether or not ASSA ABLOY is advised of the possibility of such damages. This protection covers all losses, including, without limitation, direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, exemplary, and punitive damages; damages resulting from personal injury or wrongful death; lost profits; and damages resulting from lost data or business interruption.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES; ADVERTISEMENTS
This site may contain links to third-party websites. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by ASSA ABLOY of any content contained in or provided by such third-party websites. This site is not responsible for the content of linked third-party websites; we do not review, control, or monitor the materials on any third-party websites; and we do not make any representations regarding the content, accuracy, or legitimacy of materials on such third-party websites.
If you decide to access linked third-party websites from this site, you do so at your own risk. Your use of third-party websites is subject to the respective Terms and Conditions of Use for those third-party websites, including the respective Privacy Policies of those websites.
In the event this site elects to include advertisements by third parties, these advertisements may contain links to other websites. Unless otherwise specifically stated, this site does not endorse any product or make any representation regarding the content, accuracy, or legitimacy of any materials contained in, or linked to via, any advertisement on this site.
Privacy and Cookies Notice
PRIVACY POLICY
ASSA ABLOY is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal data. This Privacy Policy describes how ASSA ABLOY manages and uses the personal data that we obtain from you in connection with this website and how to contact us if you have any further queries about our handling of your personal data.
ASSA ABLOY collects and stores personal data (such as your name, address, e-mail address and telephone number) that you provide in order to receive information from us. Such information will enable ASSA ABLOY to fulfil your information request.
ASSA ABLOY also collects and stores personal data which you provide (a) as part of your account holder details (if applicable) and/or (b) in relation to your enquiries about, or purchase of, for products on our website (where those features are available).  Such information may include contact and delivery information, as well as financial information in relation to your online payments for products.
In addition to the uses set out above, we may use personal data to administer and improve this website, for our internal record keeping, for statistical analysis, and (where applicable) to fulfil your orders for products and/or to contact you in connection with sales/purchases and as part of our customer care procedures.
For these purposes, personal data may be transferred to ASSA ABLOY group companies in the countries where they are based worldwide (which may be outside the European Economic Area).
The personal data collected or stored is solely for use within the ASSA ABLOY group of companies, except that we may disclose it to third parties in the following cases:
where we are required to do so by law;
to a purchaser or prospective purchaser of our business; and/or
to ASSA ABLOY’s appointed service providers who provide services in connection with this website and its facilities but only to the extent necessary for them to provide those services - for example, our provider of payment card services in order to process your payments via this website, provider(s) of delivery services so that they can deliver products you purchase, and IT service provider(s) who host, develop and support the website.
ASSA ABLOY will take steps to safeguard any personal data which is transferred to such third parties, or which is transferred to other countries, in compliance with applicable data protection laws.
You may at any time request that the information about you be amended or deleted. You are also entitled to receive annually a copy of your personal data kept on record by us free of charge. ASSA ABLOY is responsible for the processing of your personal data and all requests to amend, delete or receive a copy of this information should be posted to ASSA ABLOY AB, P.O. Box 70340, SE-107 23 Stockholm, Sweden and marked “Attention: the ASSA ABLOY Group Personal Data Responsible”.
COOKIES
A "cookie" is a small text file that contains information and is stored on your computer. Cookies are used purely for technical purposes to facilitate use of the web page. One type of cookie saves a file permanently on your computer. It may then be used to personalize a web page according to the user’s choices and interests. The other main type of cookie is called a "session cookie". While you are visiting a web page, session cookies are sent between your computer and the server to access information. Session cookies disappear when you turn off your web browser.  For more information about cookies generally please visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
The cookies ASSA ABLOY specifically uses on this website are (how long the cookie is saved is stated in parenthesis after the name of the cookie):
.ASPXROLES (session) - Cookie used for storing role names for logged in users.  Used for knowing which roles the logged in user belongs to. Only used on websites that use a password protected area.
.ASPXAUTH (session) - Used to determine if a user is authenticated or not is only set after a user has logged in. Only used on websites that use a password protected area.
.EPiServerLogin (session) - Used to determine logged in user. Used for knowing which user is logged in. Only used on websites that use a password protected area.
backgroundImageIndex (session) - Used for the references start page to set the start image in the slideshow.
ASP.NET_SessionId (session) - ASP .NET uses this cookie to identify which requests belong to a particular session. This cookie makes it possible to remember and differentiate users. Only used on websites that use a password protected area.
accountIndex (1 year) - Used for keeping track of the active account. Only used on websites that have the internal e-shop activated.
In addition, we allow certain third parties to set and access third party cookies on this website.  These are as follows:
Site Catalyst
The following cookies are set by our web statistics tool Site Catalyst to log information about visits and visitors of the website. The statistics are used improve the user experience of the website:
s_vi (5 years)
s_cc (session)
s_sq (session)
s_lastvisit (3 years)
sc_hasloggedin (session)
Google Analytics
The following cookies are set by our web statistics tool Google Analytics to log information about visits and visitors of the website. The statistics are used to improve the user experience of the website:
_utma (2 years)
_utmz (6 months)
_utmc (session)
_utmb (30 min)
AddThis
AddThis buttons allow website owners to easily share content with other people either via social networks, e-mail, or by bookmarking a page. The buttons provide statistics about bookmarking and sharing activity of users, and helps visitors create buzz for sites to increase popularity and ranking. AddThis is a ClearSpring Technologies company. For more information, see www.addthis.com.
Social media widgets
The website might use social media widgets to enable users to engage with content from our website on various social platforms (Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc.). To understand how and what information is collected and what cookies are set by these third parties, please refer to the privacy policy of the appropriate social platform.
If you do not wish to accept cookies, your web browser can be set so that you automatically deny the storage of cookies or are informed every time a website requests to be allowed to store a cookie. Previously stored cookies can also be deleted through the web browser. Please refer to your web browser’s help pages for more information.  However, please be aware that some areas or features of this website rely on cookies and so may not work if you delete or decline cookies.
Please contact us at cookies@assaabloy.com for more information about the cookies used by the website.
Facebook
Twitter
E-mail
Print
Arrow is a brand associated with ASSA ABLOY High Security Group, Inc., an ASSA ABLOY Group company. Copyright © 2020, ASSA ABLOY High Security Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without the express written permission of ASSA ABLOY High Security Group, Inc. is prohibited. | Legal | Cookies | Do Not Sell My Personal Information Email: customer-service@assaabloyrss.com
ASSA ABLOY, the global leader in door opening solutions