http://www.ubiqus.com/en-us/privacy-policy/
US FLAG
(212) 346-6666
New York
(800) 979-5009
Los Angeles
Contact Us (US)
CA FLAG
844 399 0888
Contact Us-MTL
613 233 4407
Contact Us-OTT
Montreal
Privacy Policy
Updated: March 2020
Treatment of Your Personal and Non-Personal Information
Ubiqus recognizes your right to confidentiality and privacy. Any information we receive is used only to provide you with superior service. We protect your account information against unauthorized access or release. We will not give, sell, rent, or loan any identifiable personal information to any third party unless we are required to respond to judicial process; to provide information to law enforcement agencies; in the scope of a registrar, regulatory or financial audit; and/or otherwise as required by law. Ubiqus may also collect non-personal information from you, including your browser type, operating system, IP address and the domain from which you accessed the site. In addition, we may collect information about your browsing behavior, such as site pages viewed, time spent using the site, the date and time of your visit and other data. We use this information to improve our site and your browsing experience, and do not treat this information as personal information.
Obligations of Employees and Subcontractors
This Privacy Policy also binds employees and subcontractors of Ubiqus who are involved in providing services to our clients. All Ubiqus employees and subcontractors have willingly entered into a confidentiality agreement which states that none of our clients’ information may ever be transmitted to any outside party, unless done so in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Because all employees and subcontractors have agreed to abide by the terms of this Privacy Policy – and because we use all use reasonable means to enforce our employees’ and subcontractors’ compliance with our Privacy Policy – we provide them, on an as-needed basis, with personal client information so that they can provide the best possible services to our clients. In addition, Ubiqus will gladly execute any of our clients’ own confidentiality or nondisclosure agreements.
Network Data
The security of your electronic information is of utmost importance to Ubiqus. We have adopted an N-tier firewalled network architecture designed to segregate LAN data from WAN data, permitting access to data in the secure area, only to individuals with the proper credentials. Furthermore, daily reports are generated and analyzed, which enable us to pinpoint any attempts by outsiders to access our system. We continually monitor and audit all of our internal security features in order to best protect your electronic information, and we will continue to implement security features as new technologies become available. Ubiqus has never experienced a breach of security of any kind.
GDPR
The European Union (EU) introduced the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) to protect the privacy rights of EU residents. Organizations, including those outside of the EU, that handle the personal data of EU residents in any capacity are required to protect the data. As such, Ubiqus Group has taken extensive steps to ensure GDPR compliance, while providing transparency at the highest level.
Ubiqus undertakes not to store any personal information entrusted by its clients, other than that necessary for smooth performance of its jobs, namely: first name, last name, phone number, address, and e-mail address.
If the documents or recordings provided by the client (for the preparation of a quote, for the performance of the service, or as supporting material) contain personal information (for example and not exhaustively: birth or death certificate, marriage certificate, health data, school grades, etc.), Ubiqus considers that the client gives their express consent or that they have obtained the consent of the person concerned to store this data for the sole purpose of preparing the quote or providing the service requested from Ubiqus.
Unless otherwise requested by the client, files, documents, and recordings used for a quote or service by Ubiqus will be stored as long as deemed necessary.
Ubiqus pledges to implement all technical, legal, and operational measures necessary to ensure the confidentiality of this data and will ensure that all persons authorized to process it, whether internal or external to the Group, comply with this obligation.
In the event of a data breach, Ubiqus will inform the client within 72 hours of becoming aware.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies, which are small text files that save visitor preferences and facilitate the anonymized tracking of data for third-party performance-analysis applications.
If you visit our website, a cookie is stored in order to recognize your device when you return in the future. Throughout time, the cookies can make your experience on our website more efficient.
If you comment on a Ubiqus blog post, you are presented with the options of saving your email address, name, and website address (if applicable); cookies retain this information, which can last for up to one year. Should you opt in to providing the aforementioned details and return to leave another comment, then the cookies will already have your details available for your convenience.
Ubiqus emphasizes improving the user experience and the use of cookies is often contributory. You have the ability to disable or limit the types of cookies on this website by making changes to your browser settings.
Miscellaneous
Ubiqus may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, updates will be made available on this page. If we change the policy in a material way, we will provide appropriate notice.
The site is hosted in the United States. If you are visiting the site from outside of the U.S., please note that you are transferring your personal data to the U.S., which may not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction. By providing your personal data, you consent to: (a) the use of your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and U.S. law; and (b) the transfer of your personal data to the U.S.
All emails sent to Ubiqus are routed through a SPAM filter located in the United States. Therefore, all emails sent to us are transmitted through the United States, even those destined for locations outside of the United States.
The headings in this Privacy Policy are for reference purposes only and do not define the scope of this Privacy Policy or the intent of any term.
Contact us
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please email us at infousa@ubiqus.com or call (212) 346-6666.
© Ubiqus 2020
This website uses cookies to improve your experience (read our policy) Cookie settingsACCEPTCookies
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.