https://www.leyholdings.com/delivery-and-returns-policy/
Home
About us
Price Lists
Tubing
European Laboratory Tubing
Industrial Cord and Tubing
Neoprene® Sponge Cord
PVC Tubing
Rubber Tubing
Santoprene® Tubing
Silicone Tubing
Bungs and Stoppers
Rubber Bungs
Turnover Stoppers
General Laboratory Products
Cork
General Cork Products
Tapered Cork Stoppers
Industries
Automotive
Construction
Food & Medical
Marine
Rail & Coach
Scientific
Contact us
Delivery And Returns PolicyHome › Delivery And Returns Policy
Delivery And Returns Policy
How much does it cost?
Our delivery policy is quite simple. We charge all carriage at cost. Delivery is free of charge for orders containing lines greater than £1500 in value. Export shipments can be arranged by us or if you prefer, collected by your nominated courier by prior agreement. All costs and arrangements to be agreed before the order is processed. Please note that we do not deduct VAT for any orders to the Channel Islands. Certain low-cost items will be dispatched via Royal Mail and delivery charges will be reduced accordingly for reasons of practicality. These orders can take up to 5 working days to arrive. The method of delivery will be e-mailed to you upon shipment of goods.
How long does it take?
We will provide you with a delivery date upon receipt of your purchase order. Our standard delivery charge does not provide for next day delivery; however, every effort is made to achieve this. Please note that Ley Rubber utilises third-party transportation services, and whilst we endeavour to ‘keep to our word’ and meet our delivery date, there are unfortunately rare occasions when couriers fail to perform the service that they are required to. In these instances, we cannot be held responsible for the late delivery of an item.
What if there is a problem or I need an update on my delivery?
You can call and speak to our friendly team during normal office hours, Monday to Thursday 08:30 – 17:00 and Friday 08:30 – 14:30 or alternatively, if you prefer, please email us at enquiries@leyholdings.com and we will respond to your query as a priority.
Returns Policy
Due to the nature of our supply, we deal with each individual request on a case by case basis. Please call and speak to our friendly team during normal office hours, Monday to Thursday 08:30 – 17:00 and Friday 08:30 – 14:30 or alternatively, if you prefer, please email us at enquiries@leyholdings.com and we will respond to your enquiry as a priority.
Back to Top
This site uses cookies to enhance your experience and more as explained in our Read More ACCEPT Reject Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.