http://www.signalgraphics.com/privacy-policy/
We use cookies to better understand how you use our website so that we can improve your experience. By continuing to browse or closing this banner, you indicate your agreement. To learn more, please visit our Privacy Policy.
Franchise Opportunities
Request a Quote
Send a File
Social Media
English
›English
›Arabic
›Belarusian
›Brunei
›Bulgarian
›Catalan
›Chinese (Simplified)
›Chinese (Traditional)
›Croatian
›Czech
›Danish
›Dutch
›Estonian
›Filipino
›Finnish
›French
›Galician
›German
›Greek
›Hebrew
›Hungarian
›Icelandic
›Indian
›Indonesian
›Italian
›Japanese
›Korean
›Latvian
›Lithuanian
›Malaysian
›Maltese
›Norwegian
›Polish
›Portuguese
›Romanian
›Russian
›Serbian
›Slovak
›Slovenian
›South African
›Spanish
›Swedish
›Thai
›Turkish
›Ukrainian
›Vietnamese
Find a Location
Own A Franchise
You have unshakable ambition, a dedicated work ethic and a deep desire to succeed. Signal Graphics can help you achieve it. Independence. Unlimited growth potential. Go after your dream.
LEARN MORE
Sign In to Send a File
Connect With a Social Network
Sign in With Your Email Address
Email Address
Password
Forgot your password?
Stay Signed In
Don't have an account?
Sign Up
Not ready to sign up?
Send Files as a Guest
Sign In New Customers
Sign Up With a Social Network
Sign up with Your Email Address
Register
Not Ready to Sign Up
Sending Files is Quick and Easy
Send Files as a Guest
Find a Location
25
50
100
200
See All Locations
Signal Graphics
Products & Services
PRODUCTS & SERVICES
Printing & Copying
Signs
Direct Marketing
Integrated Marketing
Creative Services
Mailing Services
Finishing & Binding
Fulfillment Services
Promotional Products
Trade Show & Event Marketing
Website Design
Data Services
Online Storefronts
Mobile Marketing
Social Media
Packaging
Labels
Video Production
Products & Services
Your business challenges want solutions, and that’s what we provide.
Find the printing and marketing services you need—all right here.
VIEW ALL PRODUCTS & SERVICES
Company Info
COMPANY INFO
Decades of experience. Industry leadership. Attentive customer service. These & more define Signal Graphics Printing and Marketing Services.
Learn More
MANAGEMENT
Don F.
Lowe
Richard
Lowe
Dan
Conger
NEWS
August 25, 2020
|
Mission Viejo,
CA
Sir Speedy, PIP and Signal Graphics Franchisees Re... More
July 24, 2018
|
Newton,
MA
Signal Graphics Receives Top Volume Award More
PARTNERS
Partner
1
Partner
2
Partner
3
Partner
4
Partner
5
Partner
6
IN THE MEDIA
June 21, 2018
|
HTF Market Report
Sports Graphics Market Outlook to 2022: Emerging Trends and Will Generate New Growth Opportunities Status More
Insights
ALL BRIEFS & WHITEPAPERS
The Direct Mail Phoenix Rises Again
Paired with the latest technology, direct mail might be your secret marketing weapon More
Maximizing Your Event Marketing ROI
By applying these best practices of integrated marketing you can take your next event from good to great. More
Getting Personal: An Introduction to One-to-One Marketing
Inbound marketing-focused organizations see a 61% lower cost-per-lead than outbound-focused companies. More
ALL CASE STUDIES
Use Mobile Marketing To Create Awareness More
Signage Helps Store Promote New Clothing Line More
3D Signage for 55+ Living Home
More
Join Our Team
WHY WORK WITH US
WE’VE GOT HISTORY & HAPPINESS WORKING FOR US. It’s a winning formula that attracts professionals with great skills, talent and personality – just like you.
Learn More
JOB PROFILES
Customer Service Shed light and smooth troubled waters.More
Graphic Design Creating and building brands.More
Sales Drive results.More
FIND A JOB
Recent Jobs
“I would tell someone thinking about working at Signal Graphics, that it is an amazing place with great people.”
Start Your Job Search
Blog
ABOUT MARKETING TANGO
MarketingTango Is Your Go-To Resource On Integrated Marketing.
Want to learn more about the holistic advantages of integrated marketing? Check our blog for frequent updates on trends, marketing tactics and the do’s and don’t’s.  You’ll find postings on real-world solutions, articles, ideas and testimonials that
shed light on how businesses of all sizes can leverage the vast array of media channels available in today’s market.
Visit The Blog
RECENT POSTS
12/08/2020
Why Outsourcing Marketing is Good for Your Bottom Line
More
12/01/2020
Holiday Gifting is Different This Year. Here’s How to Do It Right.
More
11/24/2020
Storytellers Are the Best New Marketers
More
MENU
Products & Services+
All
Products & Services
Printing & Copying
Signs
Direct Marketing
Integrated Marketing
Creative Services
Mailing Services
Finishing & Binding
Fulfillment Services
Promotional Products
Trade Show & Event Marketing
Website Design
Data Services
Online Storefronts
Mobile Marketing
Social Media
Packaging
Labels
Video Production
Company Info+
Company Info
Management Team
Partners
News
In the Media
Insights+
Briefs & Whitepapers
Case Studies
Join Our Team+
Job Profiles
Find a Job
Request a Quote
Send a File
Franchise Opportunities
Privacy Policy
Welcome to the Signal Graphics® website
available at www.signalgraphics.com and at other uniform resource locators and the
related or linked web pages of our franchised Signal Graphics Centers. In this
Privacy Policy, You are referred to as "You" "Your(s)"
“Yourself” or "User." “We” and “Our” refer to Signal Graphics, Inc.
It is the policy of Signal Graphics, Inc. to
respect and protect the privacy of the users of the Sites (collectively, the
"Site"). Through this Privacy Policy, we want to reassure users of
the Site that we will not sell, share, or rent user information to others in a
manner different than as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
1. Information Collection. Signal Graphics, Inc. collects personally
identifiable information from the users of the Site only if you voluntarily
provide it to us and you have the option not to provide any personally
identifiable information to us. For example, we collect your name, email,
telephone number and other information when you subscribe to receive news and
offers, access interactive features such as our whitepapers, e-newsletter or
our blog, or if you use the Send-A-File or Request-A-Quote features. If you
request franchise information, we collect your name, address, telephone number,
email and other information you may wish to share about yourself. If we have
trouble processing a request, this contact information may be used by Signal
Graphics, Inc. to contact the user.
2. Gathering and Sharing of Information, Links to
External and Co-Branded Websites. We may monitor traffic patterns on the Site and gather broad demographic
information for aggregate use to analyze trends and administer the Site in
order to improve its layout and design and to permit Site personalization and
streamlining to create the best Site experience we can for our users. In order
to perform analysis permitting such personalization and improvement of site
design and user experience, we may employ suitable third parties with whom we
share the information necessary to accomplish these objectives. These
statistics include no personally identifying information.
Where appropriate, we share aggregated statistical
information with our business partners. These statistics include no personally
identifying information.
We may provide personal identifying and account
information in special cases such as enforcement of our Terms and Conditions of
Site Use, or as required by law or legal process to protect and defend the
rights and safety of our Site and its users. This includes exchanging
information with other companies for purposes of fraud and credit risk
reduction.
Our Site may also contains links to external
Internet sites as well as co-branded sites which may be operated by an external
party and which may have privacy practices that differ from those here at www.signalgraphics.com.
A co-branded site is a Website, usually operated by a third-party, and
displaying that third-party's name along with the Signal Graphics name and
logo. When you click on links that take you to such external or co-branded
sites, you will be subject to their privacy policies, and we encourage you to become
familiar with that party's privacy policies as these may differ from those
utilized on our Site. Please note that this privacy policy applies solely to
information collected by Signal Graphics, Inc. on our Site and, while we
strongly support the protection of privacy on the Internet, we cannot be
responsible for the privacy practices of other Websites, uses of the
information collected by other Websites, or the content of those other
Websites.
3. Consent. By using our Site, the user agrees to the terms and conditions set
forth in this Privacy Policy and the Site Terms and Conditions of Use INCLUDING
ALL LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS PROVISIONS which are an integral part hereof,
and the user consents to the collection and use of this information by Signal
Graphics, Inc. as disclosed in this Privacy Policy. We may revise this Privacy
Policy or the Site Terms and Conditions of Use at any time by updating these
postings. By using this Site you agree to be bound by any such revisions in
effect at the time of use and should therefore periodically visit this page and
the Site Terms and Conditions of Use page to determine the then current
policies applicable to users of the Site.
4. Security Information. Strong precautions are taken to protect the
information of the users of our Site. When users submit sensitive information
via the Site, that Information is protected both online and off-line. Only
those of our employees who need the information to perform a specific function
are granted access to personally identifiable information. Furthermore, our
employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. If you
have any questions about the security of our Site, you can send an e-mail to
customersupport@franserv.com.
5. Cookies. You may have heard of the term "cookies." Cookies are
routinely used by most, if not all, ecommerce merchants, including Signal
Graphics, Inc. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a user's hard drive
through the Web browser program containing information about the user which
enables us to track and personalize the Site to enhance your experience. If you
have any questions about our use of cookies, please contact us at
customersupport@franserv.com.
6. Surveys or Contests. From time-to-time Signal Graphics, Inc. may request
information from the users of the Site via surveys or contests. Participation
in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary, and the users of the Site
have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information
requested may include contact information (such as your name, email, telephone
number and address), and demographic information (such as ZIP Code, age, etc.).
We use such information to notify contest winners, award prizes, and for
analyzing the Site traffic to improve the user's experience on the Site.
7. Children’s On-Line Privacy. Signal Graphics, Inc. recognizes the particular
importance of protecting the privacy of children and encourages parents and
guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and
interests. Consistent with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
(COPPA), and the California Online Privacy Protection Act, we will not
knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under
the age of 13. If a child has provided www.signalgraphics.com with personally identifiable information, we ask
that a parent or guardian contact us immediately to provide verifiable parental
consent and we will delete the information pertaining to the child from our
records until that verifiable parental consent is obtained.
8. Special Offers, Account Updates and Opting Out. Signal Graphics, Inc. occasionally sends the users
of the Site announcements and updates, which contain important information
about the Site and service offerings, and which we believe to be of value to
our users. In order to do this, we may enhance or merge the information we
collect on the Site with data from third parties for purposes of marketing
products or services to users.
We may communicate with the users of the Site via
e-mail, telephone, mail, or fax in order to provide requested services,
content, product information, or notification of special offers. The users of
the Site are always given the opportunity to 'opt-out' of having their online
information used for purposes not directly related to the Site at the point at
which we ask for the information or when they receive an online requested
promotional communication.
For example, our email messages have an
"unsubscribe" feature for users of the Site. Users can simply
"Reply" back to the email message and type "unsubscribe" in
the subject field. Upon receipt of the reply, we will remove that email address
from our email list. If you have more than one email address, you should
include the other addresses as well to ensure proper updating of your account
information.
You can always review, change, or request the
deletion of your contact information by emailing us at customersupport@franserv.com or calling us at 949-348-5000, or writing to us at:
Signal Graphics, Inc.
ATTN: Webmaster –Privacy Policy
26722 Plaza
Mission Viejo, CA 92691
To
the extent that your contact and personally identifiable information is also
stored in other databases, we cannot always ensure that such corrections or
deletions will immediately reach the other databases. Some information may be
retained for longer periods as required by law.
Speak With a Local Professional Get Help With All Your Printing & Marketing Needs.
Find a Location
Learn About Franchise Opportunities
Choose to be your own boss and run a business.
Call 800.854.3321
Products & Services
Creative Services
Data Services
Direct Marketing
Finishing & Binding
Fulfillment Services
Integrated Marketing
Labels
Mailing Services
Mobile Marketing
Online Storefronts
Packaging
Printing & Copying
Promotional Products
Signs
Social Media
Trade Show & Event Marketing
Video Production
Website Design
Company Info
Company Info
Management Team
Partners
News
In the Media
Insights
Briefs & Whitepapers
Case Studies
Join Our Team
Job Profiles
Find a Job
Follow Us
Latest Tweets
Tweets by @Signal Graphics
©2015 Signal GraphicsPrivacy PolicyAccessibilityTerms & ConditionsSitemapEnvironmental Message
Web browser detected:
We noticed that your web browser is out of date. To get the best possible experience using our site,
we recommend that you upgrade to a newer version. A list of the most popular web browsers can be found below.
Chrome
Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari
By closing this window you acknowledge that your experience on this website may be degraded.