http://www.amhfcu.org/learn/privacy-and-security
Skip to main content
Download Our Mobile App!
Deposit checks, pay bills, manage your accounts, view transaction history and more - right from your phone!
Member Notice
To protect our members, branch access has temporarily changed. Transactions are available at drive-thru locations and lobby services are available by appointment. Click here to learn more about branch accessibility and staying connected.
Search
Login
Routing Number: 236082944
Personal
Checking
Online & Mobile Access
Checking Accounts
Independence Debit Card
Overdraft Protection
Credit Cards
ATM/Debit Card
Prepaid Card
Savings
Savings Accounts
Money Market
Certificate/IRA Accounts
Youth Accounts
Educational Savings Account
Online & Mobile Access
Loans
Mortgages
Home Equity Loans
Credit Cards
Motor Vehicle Loans
Holiday Loan
Personal Loans
Share Loans
Student Loans
Invest
Investment & Retirement Center
Insurance
Real Estate Services
Learn
Planning for Life Stages
Financial Wellness
Buying or Selling a Home
Financial Calculators
Events
Blog
Privacy & Security
Business
Deposits
Checking
Savings
Online & Mobile Access
Planning
Business Solutions
IRC
Financing
Business Relief
Commercial Loans
Small Business Loans
Credit Cards
Workplace Partner
Open an account
Apply For a Loan
Online Login
Locations
Why American Heritage
Home
Learn
Privacy & Security
Privacy & Security
Always protect your personal information.Be proactive when it comes to your security. Know what to look out for and how you can safeguard your personal information. If you ever believe you have been the victim of any suspected fraud on your American Heritage accounts, contact us immediately.Fraud AlertsEvery day, fraudsters attempt to access people’s information to make a quick buck. Your identity, your money, and your personal information could be at risk if your home computer accesses the internet. If you are unsure of the security features and how to use them, it could result in identity theft or fraud. Be cautious when visiting web links or opening attachments from unknown senders, giving out personal information over the internet and keep all of your computer software patched and updated.Sharing your Information
If you receive a call that appears to be from American Heritage, and the caller asks for your social security number, PIN or passwords, please do not provide any information. Make note of the number, disconnect the call and report the call to us at 215.969.0777. For texts, do not reply. American Heritage will NEVER call and ask you for a PIN or password.What is Ransomware?The technique of using a computer virus to hold data hostage. At its heart, ransomware mimics the age-old crime of kidnapping: someone takes something you value, and in order to try to get it back, you have to pay up. For it to work, computers need to be infected with a virus, which is usually accomplished by tricking someone into clicking on a link. Once users click on the link or attachment, the ransomware encrypts the computer's hard drive, locking people out of computer files, including photos and music libraries. A screen will appear threatening to destroy the files unless a ransom is paid.WannaCry Ransomware AttackWannaCry is a worldwide cyberattack, which targets computers running Microsoft Windows operating system, encrypting data and demanding ransom payments. In response to the attack Microsoft has been releasing updates for the operating systems.What is a Data Breach?A data breach is an incident in which sensitive, protected or confidential data has potentially been viewed, stolen or used by an individual unauthorized to do so. Data breaches may involve personal health information (PHI), personally identifiable information (PII), trade secrets or intellectual property. The most common concept of a data breach is an attacker hacking into a corporate network to steal sensitive data.DocuSign BreachDocuSign has confirmed a breach to a non-core system that compromised account holders’ email address. DocuSign stated no names, addresses or other personal information was accessed. The account owners whose email was compromised have received spam mail asking individuals to click a link from a non-DocuSign domain. DocuSign recommends accountholders to log into the website rather than clicking the link to confirm request within the email.Crackin' CardsScammers use social media to solicit victims and crack into their debit card accounts. These scams leave their victims on the hook for potentially thousands of dollars.Someone contacts a student via social media or Craigslist; or they hear about it through a friend of a friend. Victims are responding to social media postings stating “if you have an active bank account and want to make $X,XXX or more respond to this post.” Members then provide their online banking username, password, ATM card and PIN. The fraudsters are then logging into the members online banking and depositing fraud checks, then use the ATM card to withdrawal the funds as they become available. The checks are subsequently returned and the members account is negative. Members response to negative balance is that they did not deposit the checks.Helpful TipsIn hopes to prevent the above attacks, please be mindful of the following:Do not click a link from someone you do not know.Keep the anti-virus software up-to-date.Add "eAlerts" to stay up to date with all activities to your American Heritage accounts.Do not download attachments in emails from someone you do not know.Do not give out your personal information (bank account, social security number) to people you don’t know.Never share your debit card information or PIN with anyone.Don't deposit funds from an unknown source into your account.Never involve yourself in a criminal scheme in any way. It is illegal to defraud a financial institution.Also as the saying goes, if it’s too good to be true, it probably is.
Services to help you protect your information.
As a member, you have access to a variety of services that can help you monitor your security and take action quickly.
Learn More About Member Security