https://www.bondloc.co.uk/privacy-policy/
privacy policy
We respect your privacy regarding information we might collect during the use of our website www.bondloc.co.uk (hereinafter, “us”, “we”, “our”, or “www.bondloc.co.uk) and this privacy policy sets out how we use and protect information that we may collect.We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is respected and protected at all times.Any information that you provide us will be handled in accordance with this privacy policy.We have the right to change this policy from time to time by updating this page, without prior notice to you. You should check this page regularly to ensure that you are happy with any changes we might make.If you have any queries about this policy please email us at: sales@bondloc.co.uk PERSONAL INFORMATION – website visitors1. Like most websites, we automatically collect certain information when you visit our website. This will include information about what type of device you are using (mobile, tablet, desktop for example), the website browser you are using (Google, Bing, Yahoo for example) and the IP address of your internet connection. We may also identify your device with a unique, randomly generated, identifier.2. It is common practice to continue to collect information about the website pages that you look at during your visit. How long you visit them, what pages you visit and what links you click on each page. His enables us to improve the website over a period of time to improve our customers’ experience.3. We may also record what “keywords” you used to locate our website or what third-party website may have referred you.4. The information we collect about you is not personally identifiable to you and is known as Device Information. This means we do not associate your name or address with the device information. This Device Information is not stored on our system for any longer than we need it, just in order for you to use our website for the intended purpose.5. We use Cookies to collect Device Information, which are small data files that are placed on the browser you use, and on your device, to visit the website. Cookies often include an anonymous and unique identifier.6. Some Cookies we place on your computer are placed in order to make it function, for example, when you add items to the shopping basket/cart, we will need to store this information on a cookie.Placed in order to fulfil the functions of an ecommerce websiteNot identifiable to you as a living personWe won’t ask for your permission before we place them.7. Certain visitors to our website choose to interact with it in such a way that requires us to gather personally identifying information. For example, they may decide to subscribe to our newsletter and therefore provide a username and email address. We will only keep your data for as long as you want us to send you information and you can unsubscribe at any time.8. When you opt to use our Chatbot facility you have the option if you want to share personal data in order to receive information from us. If you chose to supply personal information such as name, email address or phone number you are agreeing to our privacy terms and the terms of Quriobot. By default, all collected data is stored on the Quriobot secure servers set up with AWS in Ireland which is fully EU Data Protection compliant. If you wish your details to be removed from this system then please contact us.9. Sometimes we use cookies placed by third-party companies to track and monitor you as you visit the website, but we will always ask for your consent before we do so. Sometimes, these third-party cookies may include information which might, indirectly, identify you as a living person.10. We may also collect information about your actions on the website and record those actions in log data files. This data will be attached to date and time stamps and only include your:IP addressDeviceBrowserInternet service providerWe’ll only keep this information for as long as necessary.HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION AND DEVICE INFORMATION11. We use Device Information we collect in order to help us screen for potential risk and fraud and to improve and optimise our website (by generating data about how our customers browse and interact with our website) and to analyse the success of our marketing and other advertising campaigns.12. We use Personal Information that we collect to fulfil any order that you place and to communicate with you as one of our customers. We may also use this information to screen for potential risk and fraud.13. With your consent, we may, from time to time, provide you with information or advertising relating to the products and services that we provide. If you have ordered products or services from us or subscribed to our newsletter, we might send you emails concerning our products, services, promotions or news via email marketing.SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND DEVICE INFORMATION14. We will share personal information and device information with third parties in their capacity as a data processor on our behalf. We’ll only share your information with third parties in so far as they assist us with using your information.15. We may also share your personal information and device information in order to comply with applicable laws and regulations or to respond to any lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.RE-MARKETING AND BEHAVIOURAL ADVERTISING16. We may, from time to time, share your device or personal information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe might be of interest to you. This may include sharing some of your information with third party networks such as Google, Bing or Facebook.17. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits.18. Any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy. You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.19. We may also advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry.GDPR20. If you are a resident of a country where the European Union’s GDPR is applicable, you have certain rights to access your data, receive a copy of that data, or to rectify a mistake. Please contact us directly for further information.GENERAL TERMS21. This privacy policy may be updated from time to time, in order to reflect changes to our business practices or for other operational or legal reasons.22. If you would like to access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, to register a complaint, or simply want more information please email sales@bondloc.co.uk
To improve your browsing experience this site uses cookies. You can find out more about how we use cookies by reading our
Cookie PolicyAccept