http://www.verme.it/privacy-policy
Via Moggia 75/C – 16033 Lavagna (GE) – Italy        +39 0185 323037
info@verme.it
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy policy
According to EU Regulation 2016/679, known as GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) and to the art. 13 of the d. lgs. 30 June 2003 n. 196 (\”Privacy Code\”), this information describes how http://www.verme.it/ (hereinafter referred to as SITE) deals with the personal data of users received through its use and other means.
This Privacy Statement defines what data is collected and how it is used, disseminated, transferred and / or stored by the SITE. This website collects some personal data of its users.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
It constitutes personal data any information that, directly or indirectly, also in connection with any other information, including a personal identification number, makes a physical person identified or identifiable.
Usage Data
This information is collected automatically through the use of SITE (also from third party applications integrated into the SITE), including: IP addresses or domain names of the computers used by the User that connects to the SITE, addresses in notation URI (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method used in forwarding the request to the server, the size of the file obtained in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the response from the server (good order, error, etc. ) the country of origin, the characteristics of the browser and / or operating system used by the visitor, the various temporal connotations of the visit (for example the time spent on each page) and the details of the itinerary followed within the site, with particular reference to the sequence of the pages consulted, to the parameters relating to the operating system and the IT environment of the User.
User
The individual who uses the SITE which, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the interested party.
Concerned
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Manager)
The natural person, legal person, public administration and any other entity that processes personal data on behalf of the Owner, as set out in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Holder)
The natural or legal person, public authority, service or other body which, individually or together with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data and the tools adopted, including the security measures related to the operation and use of the SITE. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the owner of http://www.verme.it/.
Website, site
The hardware or software tool through which the Personal Data of Users are collected, in this case a web platform
Service
The Service provided by http://www.verme.it/ as defined in the relevant terms (if any) on this site.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, any reference to the European Union contained in this document shall be extended to all current member states of the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Data Controller
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, you can contact us using the information below:
Verme & Partners srl – Via Moggia 75/C – 16033 Lavagna (GE) – Italy
Email: info@verme.it
Phone: +39 0185 323037
Our users can send requests regarding the protection of personal data, privacy and security at info@verme.it
Types of collected data
You can use our site anonymously.
Among the personal data collected by SITO, independently or through third parties, there may be: Cookies, usage data, Email and Name and various types of Data.
Full details on each type of data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or through specific information texts displayed before the data are collected.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User or, in the case of Usage Data, collected automatically during use of the site
In cases where the site indicates some Data as optional, Users are free to refrain from communicating such Data, without this having any consequence on the availability of the Service or on its operation. Users who have doubts about which data are mandatory, are encouraged to contact the owner. The User assumes responsibility for the Personal Data of third parties obtained, published or shared through the use of the SITE and guarantees to have the right to communicate or disseminate them, freeing the owner from any liability to third parties.
Mode and place of processing of collected data
Method of treatment
The Data Controller processes the Personal Data of Users by adopting appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification or destruction of Personal Data.
Processing is carried out using IT and / or telematic tools, with organizational methods and with logic strictly related to the purposes indicated.
In addition to the Data Controller, in some cases, the Data may have access to the Data subjects of the persons involved in the organization of the site (administrative, commercial, marketing, legal, system administrators) or external subjects (as suppliers of third party technical services, postal couriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communication agencies) also appointed, if necessary, Data Processors by the Data Controller.
The updated list of Managers can always be requested from the Data Controller.
Legal basis of the processing
The Holder processes Personal Data relating to the User in the event one of the following conditions exists:
the User has given consent for one or more specific purposes; Note: in some jurisdictions the Owner may be authorized to process Personal Data without the User\’s consent or another of the legal bases specified below, as long as the User does not object (\”opt-out\”) to this treatment. However, this is not applicable if the processing of Personal Data is regulated by European legislation regarding the protection of Personal Data;
the processing is necessary for the execution of a contract with the User and / or the execution of pre-contractual measures;
the processing is necessary to fulfill a legal obligation to which the Data Controller is subject;
the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or for the exercise of public authority vested in the Holder;
the processing is necessary for the pursuit of the legitimate interest of the owner or third parties.
In any case, it is always possible to ask the Owner to clarify the concrete legal basis of each treatment and in particular to specify whether the treatment is based on the law, provided for by a contract or necessary to conclude a contract.
Place
The Data are processed at the operational headquarters of the Data Controller and in any other place where the parties involved in the processing are located. For more information, contact the owner.
The User\’s Personal Data may be transferred to a country other than that in which the User is located. To obtain further information on the processing site, the User can refer to the section concerning the processing of Personal Data.
You have the right to obtain information regarding the legal basis for the transfer of Data outside the European Union or to an international organization of public international law or consisting of two or more countries, such as the UN, as well as regarding the security measures taken by the Data Controller to protect the Data.
If one of the transfers described above takes place, the User can refer to the respective sections of this document or request information from the Data Controller by contacting him at the opening dates.
Retention period
The Data are processed and stored for the time required by the purposes for which they were collected.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the execution of a contract between the Owner and the User will be retained until the execution of the contract is completed.
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the legitimate interest of the Data Controller will be retained until such interest is met. The User can obtain further information regarding the legitimate interest pursued by the Owner in the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the Data Controller.
When the processing is based on the consent of the User, the Data Controller may retain the Personal Data for a longer period until such consent is revoked. Furthermore, the Data Controller may be obliged to keep Personal Data for a longer period in compliance with a legal obligation or an order of an authority.
At the end of the retention period the Personal Data will be deleted. Therefore, at the end of this term the right of access, cancellation, rectification and the right to data portability can no longer be exercised.
Purposes of the processing of collected data
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Services, respond to specific requests and fulfill legal obligations. To obtain further detailed information on the purposes of the processing and on the Personal Data concretely relevant to each purpose, the User can refer to the relevant sections of this document.
Details on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes: – contact form
User Rights
Users may exercise certain rights with reference to the Data processed by the Data Controller.
In particular, the User has the right to:
withdraw consent at any time. The User can withdraw consent to the processing of their Personal Data previously expressed.
oppose the processing of your data. You may object to the processing of your data when it occurs on a legal basis other than consent. Further details on the right of opposition are indicated in the section below.
access your data. The User has the right to obtain information on the Data processed by the Data Controller, on certain aspects of the processing and to receive a copy of the Data processed.
verify and request rectification. The User can verify the correctness of his Data and request its updating or correction.
obtain treatment limitation. When certain conditions are met, the User may request the limitation of the processing of their Data. In this case, the Data Controller will not process the Data for any other purpose other than their conservation.
obtain the cancellation or removal of their Personal Data. When certain conditions are met, the User can request the cancellation of their Data by the Owner.
receive your data or have it transferred to another holder. You have the right to receive your data in a structured format, commonly used and readable by automatic device and, where technically feasible, to obtain the transfer without hindrance to another holder. This provision is applicable when the Data are processed with automated tools and the processing is based on the User\’s consent, on a contract of which the User is a party or on contractual measures connected to it.
propose a complaint. The User can lodge a complaint with the competent personal data protection authority or act in court.
Details on the right of opposition
When Personal Data is processed in the public interest, in the exercise of public authority to which the Holder is invested or to pursue a legitimate interest of the Owner, Users have the right to oppose the processing for reasons related to their particular situation.
Users are reminded that, if their data are processed for direct marketing purposes, they can oppose the processing without providing any reasons. To find out if the Owner deals with data for direct marketing purposes, Users can refer to the respective sections of this document.
How to exercise the rights
To exercise the rights of the User, Users can direct a request to the contact details of the Owner indicated in this document. The requests are deposited free of charge and processed by the Owner as soon as possible, in any case within a month.
RECENT POSTS
Custom line 120
First Navetta 42 launched, the new Custom Line flagship
Amer 110: Most Innovative Yacht 2017
Amer 110
Amer Cento Quad
Privacy Policy - Cookie Policy
Copyright 2020 - Massimo Verme - All right reserved - VAT 01858080995
Home
About Us
Customers
Yachts
What we do
Press & News
Utilities
Careers
WP to LinkedIn Auto Publish Powered By : XYZScripts.com
This site contains technical third-party cookies for its functionality. Closing this banner, scrolling this page or click any item you allow to use cookies.Close