https://www.coverings.com/privacy-policy/
MENUMENUAboutPressFAQContactOverview
General Information
Why Attend?Who Attends?HotelsTravelAttendee Advisory CouncilYour Safety Is Important To UsSponsors
Tools & Resources
Convince Your BossVisa Information
Experience
Features
CID AwardsRock Stars & Young ProfessionalsInstallation Demonstration StageTrends
Explore Exhibitors
2020 Exhibitor List2020 New Product ShowcaseExhibitor Videos
Design Your Journey
Architects & DesignersBuilders & RemodelersContractors & InstallersDistributorsFabricatorsRetailersFirst-Timers
Learn
Educational Offerings
Learning OpportunitiesOn-Demand ContentThe Coverings ConnectionBlogWhy Tile?Ceramic Tile Education Foundation (CTEF)National Tile Day
ExhibitCoverings Connected
Coverings Connected
August 2020 ContentNovember 2020 Content
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the Coverings 2021 website at www.coverings.com (the “Website”).  Taffy Event Strategies (“Taffy”, “we”, “our”, “us”) maintains this website. This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) applies to the Website and any related services provided within (the “Services”), and discloses the privacy practices for Taffy Event Strategies and the Website.
As a user of the Website (referred to as “you/your”), please read these the Privacy Policy carefully before you start to use the Website.
This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by the Website, except where stated otherwise. It will notify you of the following:
What information we collect;
With whom it is shared;
How it can be corrected;
How it is secured;
How policy changes will be communicated; and
How to address concerns over misuse of personal data.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
In order to better provide you with Services offered on the Website, we may collect personally identifiable information, such as your:
First and Last Name
Mailing Address
E-mail Address
Phone Number
Employer
Job Title
We may also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your age.
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain Services available on the Website. These may include: (a) registering for an account on the Website; (b) entering a contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when making purchases on the Website. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
We are the sole owners of the information collected on the Website. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily provide to us. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us and the Services you have requested. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill any Services you specifically requested e.g. notifications, information, registration.
We may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. We may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to us, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number provided at the bottom of this page:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data
Sharing
We may partner with third-party organizations to provide specific Services. When visitors opt in to receive information, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide the Services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these Services.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the Website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect personally identifiable information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (e.g. billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Tracking User Behavior
We may keep track of pages viewed by visitors of the Website in order to determine what pages, content and Services are the most popular.  We may use this data to deliver customized content and advertising to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area (referred to as “Retargeting”).  This information may include the content you view, the date and time that you view this content, the products you purchase, or your location information associated with your IP address.
Automatically Collected Information
We may collect information about your computer hardware and software when you visit the Website. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used to measure and maintain quality of the Website, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Website.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on the Website. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to the Website and identify repeat visitors to the Website. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on the Website. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance their experience on the Website. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on the Website.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the full set of features of the Website.
Links
The Website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave the Website and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time we request information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of the Website.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on the Website, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Website and/or the Services available through the Website after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Terms of Use
This page (together with any documents referred to on it) tells you the terms of use (“Terms”) on which you may make use of the Website. As a user of the Website, you are expected to read these Terms carefully before you start to use the Website. By using the Website, you indicate that you accept these Terms and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not accept these Terms and agree to abide by them, please refrain from using the Website immediately. We may revise these Terms at any time, without notice, by amending this page (and any documents referred to on it). You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we may make, as they are binding on you as soon as we make them. Some of the provisions contained in these Terms may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on the Website.
About Us
The Website is operated by Taffy Event Strategies.
Accessing the Website
Access to the Website is provided on a temporary basis and we reserve the right to withdraw access to the Website or amend any service we provide on the Website without notice. We will not be liable if, for any reason, the Website is unavailable at any time or for any period. You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to the Website. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access the Website through your Internet connection are aware of these Terms and that they comply with them. You agree not to damage, interfere with or disrupt access to the Website, or do anything which may interrupt or impair its functionality. Anything on the Website may be out of date at any given time and we are under no obligation to update it. We seek to ensure that information published on the Website is accurate when posted, but we cannot be held liable for its accuracy or timeliness and we may change the information at any time without notice. You must not rely on information on the Website and you acknowledge that you must take appropriate steps to verify any such information before acting upon it.
Monitoring
We reserve the right to monitor and track your visits to the Website.
Intellectual Property
We are the owner or the licensee of all copyright, trademarks, design rights, database rights, confidential information or any other intellectual property rights (together, the “Intellectual Property”) in and on the Website. The Intellectual Property in and on the Website is protected by various laws and treaties around the World. All rights are reserved to us.
License
You are permitted to print and download extracts from the Website for your own use on the following basis: no documents or related graphics on the Website are modified in any way; no graphics on the Website are used separately from the corresponding text; and our copyright and trade mark notices and the permission given in these Terms must appear in all copies. The use of any extract from the Website otherwise than in accordance with the above license provisions (for any purpose) is prohibited. If you breach any of the above license provisions, your permission to use the Website automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any printed or downloaded extracts from the Website. No part of the Website may be reproduced or stored in any other website, or included in any public or private electronic retrieval system or service, without our prior written permission. Any rights not expressly granted in these Terms are reserved. You agree not to adapt, alter or create any derivative works from any of the material contained in the Website, or use such material for any purpose other than for personal, non-commercial use.
Disclaimer
While we endeavor to ensure that the information on the Website is correct, we do not warrant the accuracy and completeness of the material on the Website. We may make changes to the material on the Website at any time and without notice. The material on the Website may be out of date and we make no commitment to update such material.
Implied Terms
The express provisions of these Terms are in place of all warranties, conditions, terms, undertakings and obligations implied by statute, common law, trade usage, course of dealing or otherwise, all of which are excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Liability
The material on the Website is provided “as is”. We and any third party (whether or not involved in creating, producing, maintaining or delivering the WebsiteSite and including any and all entities within Taffy Event Strategies) hereby exclude any and all liability and responsibility for any amount or kind of loss or damage that may result to you or a third party (including, without limitation, any (i) direct, indirect, punitive or consequential loss or damage, (ii) loss of income, profits, goodwill, data, contracts or use of money, or (iii) loss or damage arising from or connected in any way to business interruption, and whether any of the foregoing are in tort, contract or otherwise) in connection with the Website, including the use, inability to use or the results of use of the Website, any websites linked to the Website or any material on such websites, including, but not limited to, viruses that may infect computer equipment, software, data or other property. Nothing in these Terms shall exclude or limit our liability for (i) death or personal injury caused by negligence, or (ii) fraud.
Contact Information
Taffy welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy and/or Terms. If you believe that we have not adhered to the Privacy Policy and/or Terms, please contact us at:
Taffy Event Strategies
2300 Clarendon Blvd, Suite 305
Arlington, Virginia 22201
Email Address: info@taffyevents.com
Telephone number: 571-313-5801
Effective as of August 10, 2020
Thanks to our sponsors
View All Sponsors
Facebook-f
Instagram
Twitter
Youtube
Rss
Linkedin-in
About
Contact Us
Press
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Menu
About
Contact Us
Press
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Website by Roove Digital
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.