https://www.northeastcommercial.com/privacy_policy.html
Skip to main content
Customer Service
Introduction
Products & Services
Request An Estimate
Place A New Order
Send a file
View A Proof
Document Library
Resources
Introduction
Frequently Asked Questions
Glossary Of Terms
Company Info.
Introduction
Company Culture
Our Staff
Departments
Employment Opportunities
Locations & Hours
Equipment
Products
Lawn Signs • Yard Signs • Political Signs
Color & Black & White Copying Low Prices High Quality
Vinyl Banners
Catalogs/Booklet and Calendar Printing
Posters Both Small and Very Large
Brochure Printing / Sell Sheets / Flyers
3 Panel Tri-Fold Brochure Printing
Postcard Printing
Carbonless Forms
Presentation Folders
Note Cards
Graphic Design
Personalized Memo Pads
Custom Flags
Retractable Banners
Privacy Policy
Customer Portal
Customer Login
Customer Login
Send A File
Place An Order
Request An Estimate
Make A Payment
Our Privacy Policy was developed as an extension of our commitment to combine the excellent service with the highest level of integrity in dealing with users of our Web site. The Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site. This statement will be continuously assessed against new technologies, ethical practices and our users' needs.
What Information Do We Collect?
Personal Information You Choose to Provide
Web Site Use Information
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?
What Are Cookies?
How Do We Use Information We Collect from Cookies?
Notice of New Services and Changes
How Do We Secure Information Transmissions?
How Do We Protect Your Information?
How Can You Access and Correct Your Information?
What About Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information?
Permission to Use of Materials
What Information Do We Collect?
When you visit our Web site you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and Web site use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our Web site.
Personal Information You Choose to Provide
We may request that you voluntarily supply us with personal information, including your e-mail address, postal address, home or work telephone number and other personal information for such purposes as correspondence, placing an order, requesting an estimate, or participating in online surveys.
If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received by mail and telephone.
Web Site Use Information
Similar to other commercial Web sites, our Web site may utilize a standard technology called "cookies" (see explanation below, "What Are Cookies?") and Web server logs to collect information about how our Web site is used. Information gathered through cookies and Web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our Web site, and the Web sites visited just before and just after our Web site. This information is collected on an aggregate basis. None of this information is associated with you as an individual.
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?
Broadly speaking, we use personal information for purposes of administering our business activities, providing customer service and making available other products and services to our customers and prospective customers. Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Web site, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. The lists used to send you product and service offers are developed and managed under our traditional corporate standards designed to safeguard the security and privacy of our customers' personal information. You are allowed at any time to notify us of your desire not to receive these offers.
What Are Cookies?
Cookies are a feature of Web browser software that allows Web servers to recognize the computer used to access a Web site. Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by a user's Web browser on the user's hard drive. Cookies can remember what information a user accesses on one Web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that Web site by the same user or to use the information to streamline the user's transactions on related Web pages. This makes it easier for a user to move from Web page to Web page and to complete commercial transactions over the Internet. Cookies should make your online experience easier and more personalized.
How Do We Use Information We Collect from Cookies?
We use Web site browser software tools such as cookies and Web server logs to gather information about our Web site users' browsing activities, in order to constantly improve our Web site and better serve our customers. This information assists us to design and arrange our Web pages in the most user-friendly manner and to continually improve our Web site to better meet the needs of our customers and prospective customers.
Cookies help us collect important business and technical statistics. The information in the cookies lets us trace the paths followed by users to our Web site as they move from one page to another. Web server logs allow us to count how many people visit our Web site and evaluate our Web site's visitor capacity. We do not use these technologies to capture your individual email address or any personally identifying information about you.
Notice of New Services and Changes
Occasionally, we may use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Web site, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. As our client, you will be given the opportunity to notify us of your desire not to receive these offers by clicking on a response box when you receive such an offer or by sending us an email request.
How Do We Secure Information Transmissions?
When you send confidential personal credit card information to us on our Web site, a secure server software which we have licensed encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. The information is scrambled en route and decoded once it reaches our Web site.
Other email that you may send to us may not be secure unless we advise you that security measures will be in place prior to your transmitting the information. For that reason, we ask that you do not send confidential information such as Social Security or account numbers to us through an unsecured email.
How Do We Protect Your Information?
Information Security. We utilize encryption/security software to safeguard the confidentiality of personal information we collect from unauthorized access or disclosure and accidental loss, alteration or destruction.
Evaluation of Information Protection Practices. Periodically, our operations and business practices are reviewed for compliance with corporate policies and procedures governing the security, confidentiality and quality of our information.
Employee Access, Training and Expectations. Our corporate values, ethical standards, policies and practices are committed to the protection of customer information. In general, our business practices limit employee access to confidential information, and limit the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons, processes and transactions.
How Can You Access and Correct Your Information?
You may request access to all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain in our database by emailing us using the contact form at the bottom of this page.
What About Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information?
We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
Permission to Use of Materials
The right to download and store or output the materials in our site is granted for the user's personal use only, and materials may not be reproduced in any edited form. Any other reproduction, transmission, performance, display or editing of these materials by any means mechanical or electronic without the express written permission of the Company is strictly prohibited. Users wishing to obtain permission to reprint or reproduce any materials appearing on this site may contact us directly.