http://www.talentkeepers.com/privacy-shield-statement/
407-660-6041 Solutions@TalentKeepers.comMember Login 0 Items TalentKeepers’ Privacy Shield StatementEffective Date: July 13, 2018 TalentKeepers complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries, Switzerland and/or United Kingdom transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield.  TalentKeepers has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to such data. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and data subject rights under the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, TalentKeepers is subject to the regulatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.TalentKeepers receives personal data which may include name, email address, gender, age and employee identification numbers from client organizations. These data are used to process employee surveys, perform analysis of these data, and generate reports of the survey results.  This information is only provided to the client organization which originally provided the personal data.  For more information regarding our data handling practices, please refer to our main Privacy Policy.Pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, EU, Swiss and/or United Kingdom individuals have the right to obtain our confirmation of whether we maintain personal information relating to you in the United States.  Upon request, we will provide you with access to the personal information that we hold about you.  You may also may correct, amend, or delete the personal information we hold about you.  An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data transferred to the United States under Privacy Shield, should direct their query to privacyinquiries@talentkeepers.com.  If requested to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.We will provide an individual opt-out or opt-in choice before we share your data with third parties other than our agents, or before we use it for a purpose other than which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized.  To request to limit the use and disclosure of your personal information, you may submit a written request to privacyinquiries@talentkeepers.com.In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.TalentKeepers does not sell, trade, nor transfer personal Information with third parties.  However, TalentKeepers’ accountability for personal data that it receives in the United States under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfers to a third party is described in the Privacy Shield Principles. In particular, TalentKeepers remains responsible and liable under the Privacy Shield Principles if third-party agents that it engages to process the personal data on its behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless TalentKeepers proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, TalentKeepers commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. European Union, Swiss and/or United Kingdom individuals with Privacy Shield inquiries or complaints should first contact TalentKeepers at:  privacyinquiries@talentkeepers.com.TalentKeepers has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit https://bbbprograms.org/privacy-shield-complaints/ for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms.  See Privacy Shield Annex 1 at https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction.
//LinkedIn
//End LinkedIn