http://www.firstcommunitybank.com/privacy
Documents in Portable Document Format (PDF) require Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0 or higher to view, download Adobe® Acrobat Reader.
Skip Navigation
TRUST ACCOUNT
CREDIT CARD ACCOUNT
WEALTH MANAGEMENT
BAZING
REORDER CHECKS
RE$UBMITIT
OPEN ACCOUNT ONLINE
Online Banking Login
ONLINE BANKING
TRUST ACCOUNT
CREDIT CARD ACCOUNT
WEALTH MANAGEMENT
BAZING
REORDER CHECKS
RE$UBMITIT
OPEN ACCOUNT ONLINE
Mobile Banking Username
Login to Online Banking
Open Account Online
Close Online Banking
Close
Privacy
Contact Us
Chat with Us
Branch Locations
(800) 971-4671
Take me back to the top
Internet Privacy Notice
At First Community Bank, we want to offer you the best in products and services. We also want to protect your right to privacy. As such, we utilize current encryption technology, firewalls, routers, third-party verification procedures, and other security software and hardware to help prevent unauthorized access to our site and to your personally identifying information. This Internet Privacy Notice explains how we will use and protect information received at our site.
Information We Collect
When you visit First Community Bank’s website, you are anonymous unless you log in to our Online Banking service.
We do not collect personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, but we do collect non-identifying information about you, such as the date, time, and pages you visited on our site, the IP address (a numeric address given to servers connected to the Internet) of your computer, the web browser you used and your city, state, and country. We use this information to measure the number of visitors to the different areas of our site and to help make our site more useful to you.
You may choose to provide us with personally identifying information, such as by sending an email through our Contact Us link, completing an online registration form, completing an online application, or using an Online Banking service. We use this information internally, as appropriate, to fulfill your request. To learn more about how we treat this information, please see our Privacy Disclosure [PDF 193 KB].
Cookies
Cookies are small files placed on your computer by the web server to help us understand how you use our website and what areas of our site are most popular or may need improvement. Cookies do not collect or reveal personal information about you. The cookies that we use do not log your keystrokes, mine data or track your web browser.
We use session-level cookies that are temporarily stored in your computer’s memory to allow the web server to log the pages you use within the site and to determine if you have visited the site before.
If you do not want to allow cookies, you may choose not to accept them. Many Web browsers alert you to the use of cookies and allow you to refuse them. If your computer does not automatically alert you to the use of cookies, you may need to download a more current version of your browser from your internet service provider or change your settings.
If you do disable cookies on your computer, please be aware that some website features may not function properly or may not be available to you.
Email
Email is a common tool used frequently to send information; however, unless it is encrypted, email is not a secure way to send personally identifying information such as your social security number. We will never ask you to send personally identifying information to us in an email.
We may from time to time send emails to you with account updates or to notify you about products or services that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of future email marketing from us within each email, or you may opt out of marketing by us and our affiliates as outlined in our Privacy Disclosure [PDF 193 KB].
Email that you receive from us will be clearly identified as coming from First Community Bank or our affiliates and will not ask you for information relating to your social security number, account numbers, user IDs, or passwords.
If you are concerned about an email that you have received from First Community Bank or our affiliates may be fraudulent, please call our Client Care Center
(800) 971-4671 before responding to the email.
Third-Party Websites
Links to third-party websites are provided for your convenience. We do not control or maintain responsibility for the content, products, or services offered on linked sites. Third-party sites are not endorsed or guaranteed by us, and we are not responsible for products or services offered on those sites. Because third-party sites may have a different privacy policy and provide less security than the First Community Bank site, we encourage you to review the privacy policy of any site that you visit.
Children’s Privacy
First Community Bank is dedicated to the protection of your privacy. This is especially true when it comes to the privacy of your children. This website is not structured to attract children under the age of 13. Parental consent is required for children under 13 to provide personally identifiable information via this website. If you are the parent of a child under the age of 13, your child is protected by the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). To learn more about COPPA, you can visit Federal Trade Commission’s Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act website.