http://www.collisionservices.com/privacy_policy
Shop By Category
Equipment & Tools
Scheduling & Workflow
Paint Department
Marketing & Promotional
Safety & Personal Protection
Apparel
Clearance
Video Demo Center
OEM Recommended Products
Dealership Supplies
COVID-19 Recovery
Equipment & Tools
Scheduling & Workflow
Paint Department
COVID-19 RESPONSE
Practice Social Distancing
Disinfectants & Sanitizers
Partitions & Protective Screens
Flags, Signs & Floor Decals
Facility Cleaning
Eye & Face Protection
Plastic Protection
Towels & Wipes
Gloves
Visual Tools
Eye & Face Protection
Flags, Signs & Floor Decals
Towels & Wipes
Disinfectants & Sanitizers
Equipment & Tools
Air Compressors & Supplies
Air Hose Reels
Air, Elec & Water
Air Tools
Aluminum Repair
Battery Chargers
Benches & Stands
Bumper Racks
Carts
Champ
Creepers
Dent Pullers & Removers
Detailing
Diagnostic Tools
Door Handlers & Tools
Dust & Fume Collectors
Estimating Tools
Frame Straightening
Gas & Oil Caddies
Glass Tools
Hand Tools
Headlamp Alignment
Hybrid Vehicle Repair
Induction Heat Tools
Jacks
Jump Starters
Lifts
Metal Shaping Tools
Mo Clamp
Moulding/Decal Removers
PDR - Paintless Dent Repair
Paint Stands
Parts Caddies
Parts Stands & Storage
Pick Up Bed Handlers
Plastic Repair
PROLific™ Products
Safety
Shop Supplies
Shop-Vacs
Specialty Tools
Suspension Tools
Tables
Tire
Towing
Vehicle Movers
Welding
Work Lights
Parts Caddy PRO
Scheduling & Workflow
Auto Markers
Forms
Key Drop Boxes
Key Storage
Key Tags
Magnetic Vehicle Hats
Mirror Hangers
Plastics
Repair Order Folders
Repair Order Holders & Accessories
Repair Order Jackets
Repair Order Labels
Repair Order Racks
Scheduling Boards
Scheduling Software
Vehicle Wrap
Mirror Hangers
RO Folders
Key Tags
Paint Department
Abrasives
Aerosols
Color Matching Lights
Curing Lamps
Curtain Walls
Drying Systems
Gun Washing-Recycling
Masking Machines
Moulding-Decal Removers
Paint Booths
Paint Guns
Paint Gun Accessories
Paint Stands
Plastic Masking
Prep & Supplies
Pressure Washers
Sand Blasters
Sanding Boards-Paper
Tools & Equipment
Masking Machines
Paint Stands
Plastic Vehicle Protection
Marketing & Promotional
Air Fresheners
Brochures
Business Cards
Document Holders
Floormats
Holiday & Seasonal
Inflatables
Keychains
Note Pads
Paint Touch-Up Kits
Pens
Promotional Items
Service Stickers
Signs & Banners
Stationery & Cards
Warranties
PPG Certified First
Business Cards
Floormats
Service Stickers
Home/privacy policy
Collision Services Website Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains the policy of Collision Services, ("Collision Services") regarding the privacy of information supplied by users or collected by Collision Services from users of the Collision Services website. It is intended to assure you that doing business with Collision Services over the internet is as safe and secure as doing business with us over the telephone which you can always do by calling 800-367-6575. Because we value your privacy, we want to disclose our privacy practices.
Modifications
Since this policy may change over time as we modify or expand our services, we suggest that you check back from time to time to understand how we treat your information.
What Personally Identifiable Information Is Collected
Our website has different types of users. This Collision Services Privacy Policy applies to all users of the Collision Services Website.
If you register with Collision Services, we may ask for your job title, company name and industry, and professional interests. Certain other information, such as demographic information may be collected by Collision Services during the registration process. Not all information is required to be provided (required items will be clearly noted), but if you should choose to withhold any requested information, you may not be eligible to participate in or receive full benefit from all services on the website.
How Information Is Used and With Whom It Is Shared
We use your personally identifiable information to enhance the Collision Services Website, to personalize your experience, or other uses we may determine from time to time. We use your information from the registration form to send you information about our company and promotional material from some of our partners and sister companies. Collision Services periodically sends out printed catalogs and other direct-mail pieces to the mailing list. From time to time, Collision Services also contacts customers or potential customers by phone, mail, fax or email to solicit feedback, distributing company newsletters or press releases, or announcing new products, services and promotional offers. Your information is also used to contact you when necessary and is shared with other companies who may want to contact you. Collision Services maintains a mailing list of individuals that have requested a catalog, made a purchase from Collision Services, registered to use www.collisionservices.com or otherwise voluntarily communicated their telephone, fax number, email or physical address to Collision Services Collision Services occasionally releases its mailing list to other companies. Collision Services does not release email addresses to other companies.
Financial information that is collected from you may be used to check your qualifications for registration and bill you for products and services. Finally, we may "share" your personal information with third parties which perform data services (e.g. maintenance, backup, analysis, etc.) on our behalf. Any such third parties will be under an obligation to us to maintain the confidentiality of your personal information. We may also collect and report to third parties (such as content and service providers and advertisers) aggregated information from the Collision Services Website.
Cookies
"Cookies" are an industry standard practice of placing a file or identifying "marker" on a user's computer for identification and personalization purposes. We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, analyze how visitors and customers interact with our website, and for other purposes. We may employ other companies to provide similar marketing services on our behalf. With our approval, these third parties may also place "cookies" for analysis purposes. These third-party companies will have access to the information needed to perform their functions but cannot use that information for any other purpose. These third-party companies will only have access to non-personal information about your visit or transaction, such as the URLS which lead you to and around our site, pages visited, the product(s) purchased, and the amount spent; these companies will not have access to information that will allow them to personally identify you. Our cookies do not have the capability of "stealing" information from your hard drive. We do not use cookies to store credit card information or other financial or personal information. You are not required to accept cookies. However, certain functionality of the Collision Services website may not work properly (if at all) if you reject cookies.
Third Parties
This site contains links to other sites. Collision Services is not responsible for the privacy practices or the contents of such websites. Furthermore, we may use outside ad companies to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our website, cookies received with banner ads are collected by the ad companies, and we do not have access to this information. Third parties may collect information about you when you view and/or click on their advertising, and we do not control the collection of this information. We are also not responsible for the privacy policies of any third parties, but users are encouraged to refer to the privacy policies of the relevant third parties.
Security
Collision Services employs industry best practices to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information such as firewalls and authentication protection. Collision Services will periodically review its security policies and implement changes from time to time. However, we cannot and do not guarantee complete security, as it does not exist on the internet.
Opt-Out and Corrections
Individuals for whom Collision Services has an email or physical address can opt out of receiving regular mail, email, telephone or fax solicitations, surveys, mailings or other communications from Collision Services by calling 800-367-6575 or by sales@collisionservices.com. Collision Services does not share email addresses with outside companies. Individuals who do not want their address released to outside companies can opt out by calling 800-367-6575 or by emailing sales@collisionservices.com. Registered users can also update their preferences when they are logged into their account.
Legally Required Disclosures
Collision Services may be required, by applicable law, subpoena, court order or other legal process to disclose your personally identifiable information, and it is our policy to comply with any such requirements.
Contacting Collision Services
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this website, or your dealings with this website, you can contact:
Web Services Manager
Collision Services
1050 Dale Drive
Hudson, IA 50643
sales@collisionservices.com
Phone: 800-367-6575
Fax: 800-922-2268
By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies to analyze website traffic and improve your experience on our website. Learn More
Accept