http://www.ttsec.org.tt/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home
About Us
Vision and Mission
Powers and Functions
Board of Commissioners
Past Board Members
Divisional Profiles
Investor Complaints
Career Opportunities
Current Vacancies
Factsheets
Contact Us
EASi
About EASi
EASi Login
EASi FAQs
EASi Helpdesk
EASi Videos
Registered Companies, Individuals
Manual Registration and Renewal
Checklists for Registration and Renewal of Registration
Filings
Material Change
MMRF Forms
CBTT
SRO
Legal Framework
By-Laws
Contraventions
Decisions / Settlements
Guidelines
Legislation
Notices
Notices of Hearing
Orders
Proposed By-Laws
Proposed Guidelines
Proposed Legislation
Rules
AML-CFT
Checklist for the approval of Compliance Officers
Fit & Proper Criteria for Approval of Compliance Officers
AML-CFT FAQs
Compliance Officer Application Form
Public Statements
AML-CFT Updates
Cooperation
International
Domestic
Publications and Research
Annual Reports
Published Articles
Circular Letters
COVID-19
Market Newsletter
Securities Market Bulletin
Weekly Bulletin
CIS Data and Statistics
Reports
Guidance
List of Registrants
Brochures
Approved Designated Foreign Jurisdictions
Media Room
Media Releases
Events
Speeches/Presentations
Audio
Photos
Videos
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
STATEMENT
The Trinidad and Tobago Securities and Exchange Commission (”the Commission”) is committed to providing respect for the privacy of visitors to the Commission’s sites. This Policy shall be subject to the provisions of the Data Protection Act[1], Chap. 22:04 of the Laws of the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago or any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof. This privacy policy /statement serves to inform you of the means by which the Commission will treat personal information that it collects and receives, including information related to your use of the Commission’s website (www.ttsec.org.tt) and by extension its registration system EASi, and its Micro and Macro-Prudential Reporting Framework, MMRF (hereinafter all referred to as “The Commission’s website”).
Personal information means information about an identifiable individual that is recorded in any form including, but not limited to: –
information relating to the race, nationality or ethnic origin, religion, age or marital status of the individual;
any identifying number, symbol or other particular designed to identify the individual;
the address and telephone contact number of the individual;
The following discloses the Commission’s information gathering and dissemination practices for this site:
General Privacy Principles of the Commission
Personal Information collected
Information collected about your visit to the website
Information supplied by you in regard to submissions, applications or general requests
Use of Cookies
Intrusion Detection Monitoring
Notification of Changes to Policy
Security
If users have questions or concerns regarding this statement, they should contact the Commission at:
Trinidad and Tobago Securities and Exchange Commission
Levels 22-23, Tower D, International Waterfront Centre
1 Wrightson Road, Port Of Spain, Trinidad, W.I.
Phone: (868) 624-2991
Fax: (868) 624 2995
E-mail: ttCommission@ttCommission.org.tt
General Privacy Principles of the Commission
The Commission provides this Privacy Policy, which is to be read together with our Terms of Use, to make you aware of our practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. Therefore, in promoting easy access to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, we make these available on our homepage and at the bottom of every https://www.ttsec.org.tt web page.
Personal Information Collected
This information is only collected by the Commission supplied by you with your consent.  Supply can take two forms, namely by you sending us an e-mail or by completing an online web form on the Commission’s website. It must be noted that the Commission’s website does not automatically gather any specific personal information from you.
Any information sent to the Commission is maintained by the Commission for the following reasons:
For the purpose of processing your request, application or inquiry;
For use by the Commission in furthering its mission of promoting and maintaining stability, safety, integrity and public confidence in the capital market of Trinidad and Tobago
To be shared by the Commission with third parties as outlined under the Securities Act,Chap.83:02 (as amended, varied or repealed), including other government agencies, in order to advance the purpose for which you provided the information; and
To disclose, if required by law, for example, to respond to a police investigation, subpoena or Court Order.
In order to facilitate the website’s users with the option to e-mail URL references to pages on the website to another person we ask for the sender’s name and e-mail address as well as the recipient’s name and e-mail address. Upon the receipt of this information, the sender will receive confirmation via an e-mail message after the e-mail is sent and the recipient will receive an e-mail message with information on the sender on how to retrieve the page.
Please note, if you decide to send an e-mail or make any other submission to the Commission, you are consenting to the Commission using the information provided therein, including personal identifying information, in accordance with this notice, unless you expressly state in the e-mail your objection to any use(s).
Information Collected About Your Visit to the website
The Commission automatically collects and stores the following information about you when you visit our website:
The date and time the request was received.
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address or the proxy address of your Internet Service Provider (e.g. AOL, CompuServe, and so on).
The name and IP address of the Commission web server that received and logged the request.
The resource on a Commission web server accessed as a result of the request, such as the web page, image, and so on.
The query contained in the request. This field captures any criteria or parameters issued with a query, such as the name of a reporting issuer or market actor.
The name and version of your Web browser (e.g. Internet Explorer 10, Chrome, Safari, Firefox.
The content of any sent or received cookie.
The Uniform Resource Locator (URL) that was accessed before the user made a request for the Commission’s web server. The URL may be an outside address that is not related to the Commission’s server.
Other status codes and values resulting from the Web server responding to the request received: HTTP status code, the Windows NT code, number of bytes sent, number of bytes received, duration (in seconds) to fulfill the request, server port number addressed, and protocol version.
The information on the screen resolution setting of your PC (e.g. 800 x 600, 1280 x 1024, etc.); this information will be used to adjust the Commission’s design standards so that the pages we produce will be as readable as possible on your computer display.
Use of Cookies
A cookie is file stored on the user’s computer tied to information about the user to allow a website to monitor the users’ use of the site. At present this site does not use any cookies for collecting user information from the site.
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Information, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your country, state, province, or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ to those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside Trinidad and Tobago and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer any information collected, including Personal Information, to Trinidad and Tobago and process it here.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy, followed by your submission of such information, represents your agreement to that transfer.
The Commission will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Information will take place to an unauthorised organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Intrusion Detection Monitoring
This computer system employs software security programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. Such attempts are strictly prohibited. Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits.
Disclosure of Data – Legal Requirements
The TTSEC may disclose your Personal Information in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation, court order or under any other special circumstances requiring us to do so;
To protect and defend the rights or property of Trinidad and Tobago Securities and Exchange Commission;
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service;
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public;
To protect against legal liability.
We do not sell or otherwise provide Personal Information to other companies for the marketing of their own products or services.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate and (“Service Providers”), provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
The Commission may share Personal Information to protect any data provided to the Service, in a manner consistent with this policy. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services. The Commission does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any information on these sites. Further, be aware that the privacy protection provided to you on the Commission’s website will not be available at the external link.
Children’s PrivacyWe do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. However, the Services of the Commission will cover those children who are under the age of eighteen (18) years but are employed[2] in accordance with section 106 of the Children Act, Chapter 46:01 of the Laws of the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago.
If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Notification of Changes to Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Security
The Commission is committed to ensuring the security of your information. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and administrative procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you wish to change or delete any of the personal information you have entered whilst visiting our site or if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or your Data Protection rights, you may email the Commission at https://www.ttsec.org.tt/contact-us/
Last Updated: July, 2020
[1] protect the privacy of personal and private information of individuals which is entered into the website by electronic format
[2] Section 105 of the Children Act, Chap. 46:01 states that, “Subject to section 106, a child under the age of sixteen years shall not be employed or work in any public or private undertaking, or in any branch thereof, other than an undertaking, owned and controlled by members of the same family; and any person who employs any such child, commits an offence”.
Comments are closed
RelatedGHL - Change in accounting policy 8 May 2018 GKC - Change to Dividend Policy 16 Apr 2019 NEL - Change in Accounting Policy 8 Nov 2019 FCB - Change to the company's dividend policy 2 Feb 2018
Investor Education
Get Answers and Tools
Lodge a Complaint
Useful Links
TTSEC
HomeAbout Us
Vision and MissionPowers and FunctionsBoard of CommissionersPast Board MembersDivisional ProfilesInvestor ComplaintsCareer OpportunitiesCurrent VacanciesFactsheetsContact Us Back
EASi
About EASiEASi LoginEASi FAQsEASi HelpdeskEASi VideosRegistered Companies, IndividualsManual Registration and RenewalChecklists for Registration and Renewal of Registration Back
Filings
Material Change Back
MMRF Forms
CBTTSRO Back
Legal Framework
By-LawsContraventionsDecisions / SettlementsGuidelinesLegislationNoticesNotices of HearingOrdersProposed By-LawsProposed GuidelinesProposed LegislationRules Back
AML-CFT
Checklist for the approval of Compliance OfficersFit & Proper Criteria for Approval of Compliance OfficersAML-CFT FAQsCompliance Officer Application FormPublic StatementsAML-CFT Updates Back
Cooperation
InternationalDomestic Back
Publications and Research
Annual ReportsPublished ArticlesCircular LettersCOVID-19Market NewsletterSecurities Market BulletinWeekly BulletinCIS Data and StatisticsReportsGuidanceList of RegistrantsBrochuresApproved Designated Foreign Jurisdictions Back
Media Room
Media ReleasesEventsSpeeches/PresentationsAudioPhotosVideos Back
× Close Panel