http://www.aewdelford.com/tag/conditions/
Warning:
Parameter 2 to wp_hide_post_Public::query_posts_join() expected to be a reference, value given in /home2/wileycraft/public_html/aewdelford.com/wp-includes/class-wp-hook.php on line 286
Skip to content
Search for:
on 20
May
2016
By Raymond Perez
Dental Health
Conditions that Require Oral SurgeryOral surgery refers to the medical procedure that an individual undergoes to correct the given defect. Oral cancer is one of the most common cancers in Germany. It is mainly caused by the prolonged use of alcohol and tobacco. There are however certain practices and procedures that can cause a change in the oral cavity. Some of these changes include ill-fitting dentures and poor oral hygiene. The Human Papilloma Virus is another emerging cause of oral cancer.
Surgical treatment is one of the procedures done to correct the dental defects. For a patient suffering from the carcinoma of the mouth, he is usually subjected to the knife whereby the neck lymph nodes are removed. The resection of the main tumor is also applied in such circumstances. There is an oral center in Koln that was established to evaluate the predictive and prognostic factors in the treatment of the squamous cell carcinoma. Let us explore the conditions that may need oral surgery
Conditions
Impacted teeth
The third molars also known as the wisdom teeth are usually the last set of teeth to grow. Usually, the wisdom teeth are supposed to emerge from the gum line since the jaw is large enough to allow them. However, this is generally not the case all the time. At times, the wisdom teeth may fail to grow in the proper alignment or may fail to emerge fully through the gum line. This usually leads to it being impacted or entrapped between the gum tissue and the jawbone.
The impacted third molars may result in pain, swelling and infection of the gum tissue that surrounds the wisdom teeth. Moreover, the impacted third molars may cause permanent damage to the nearby bone, gums, and teeth. Dentist therefore usually recommend that person with the impacted third molars should undergo the oral surgical procedure.
Tooth loss
The dental implant is one of the solutions for individuals who have lost their teeth as a result of an infection or an accident. They are alternatives to the dentures and the bridges. The dental implants are usually surgically implanted in the jawbone so as to stabilize the artificial teeth to which they are normally attached.
Unequal jaw growth
Unequal jaw growth is another condition that may require oral surgery. There are cases whereby the lower and upper jaws may not grow properly. This usually leads to difficulty in breathing, swallowing, eating, and speaking. Such individuals may need to undergo oral surgery to correct the imbalance.
Search
BMI Calculator
Weight:kg
Height:cm
Calculate
Warning:
Parameter 2 to wp_hide_post_Public::query_posts_join() expected to be a reference, value given in /home2/wileycraft/public_html/aewdelford.com/wp-includes/class-wp-hook.php on line 286
Recent Posts
Tips on How to Buy Steroids
Easy Steps for a Healthier Morning
Tips on Choosing the Right Assistive Technology
Beard Grooming Tips for Beginners
What Makes PhenQ the Ideal Remedy for Obesity
How to Determine your CBD dosage
Factors to Consider When Hiring a Dentist
The Various Benefits of Anabolic Steroids
Reasons to Consider Cosmetic Dentistry
Dental Services and Procedures Offered by a Family Dentist
Factors to Consider When Looking for Emergency Denture Repair Services
Benefits of dental implant that makes it superior
What to Know Before Getting a Lips Augmentation
Why every kitchen should have meat thermometer
Choosing The Best Backpack Has Never Been This Easy
Tips on how to take care of your teeth
Benefits of Exercising at Home
How to find an acupuncture practitioner
Health Insights – All You Need to Know About Anal Bleaching
Getting the Best Results in your Breasts Enhancement Process
Important Things to Consider When Choosing A Chiropractor
How to Find a New Dentist
Cosmetic Dentistry – How it Can Help You
The Odd Looking Ball Chair And Your Health
Benefits of Teeth Replacement
Facts About Laser Hair Removal
Conditions that Require Oral Surgery
What Is Cosmetic Dentistry?
Do Diet Pills Really Work?
The Many Benefits of the Yoga Ball Chair
How Teeth Whitening Will Help You
Starting Your Day with Simple Healthy Breakfasts
Why A Chiropractor Helps Your Health
How to Succeed in Affiliate Marketing
Why hire Columbus chiropractor?
Choosing Catering Services For Special Events
Diet Food Delivered to Your Door
Education For Indigo Children
How to Make Ears Stop Ringing
What Are the Effects of Steroids?
How Phen375 Works for Weight Loss
How to Buy Garcinia Cambogia for Weight Loss
Weight Loss Pills And Their Benefits For Australians
How Warts are Formed and Why
Advantages of working out daily
Is loosing weight Healthy?
Video
Pages
About
Contact Me
Diagnosing and Shingles Treatment
Privacy Policy
Stay Fit
Terms
Social Media Icons