https://www.dynexhydraulics.com/about-us/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Dynex/Rivett Inc. respects your privacy. This policy is designed to the explain what data we collect through the site and how that data is used/and with whom it may be shared. Were may amend the policy occasionally.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Contact forms
If you contact us via the Contact Dynex form we do retain your name, email, and whatever information you shared with us. We may contact you directly to answer your inquiry or provide the services you requested. Because we sell primarily through a distributor network, we may share submitted information with whatever distributor is nearest to your location. We never share or sell your information beyond our distributor network. We may use the information you provided to us to market to you. Our marking efforts may include email to inform you of product updates or promotions. You can unsubscribe from receiving future email with one click on the “Unsubscribe” link located at the bottom of any of our promotional emails.
Information submitted via our Distributor locator is routed to that distributor. We do retain a record of these contacts but do not share this with anyone or contact you directly. We may perform random checks to make sure that your inquiry was acted upon by the distributor.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Cookies
A cookie is s a small piece of data sent from a website and stored on the user’s computer by the user’s web browser while the user is browsing. If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics™ to collect (non-personal) information about site usage.
Who we share your data with
Information submitted via our Distributor locator contact form is routed to that distributor.
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our website’s privacy policy.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
How we protect your data
We have implemented measures to ensure that information we gather is adequately protected against unauthorized access. Please keep in mind that risk can never be totally eliminated but can be significantly reduced. We have taken measures which significantly reduce the risk. Dynex will not be held liable by any third party in the event of unauthorized access, use and/or disclosure of information.
Contact Us
Should you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us here.
Scroll To Top