https://www.professionalcharges.com/front/privacy/Privacy_Policy.html
Home
Check on a Charge
Cost/Benefits
How it Works
About Us
Privacy Policy Security
Member Registration
Organization Registration
FAQ
User's Guide
Authorization & Agreement Form
Privacy Policy
ProfessionalCharges
has created this Privacy Policy in order to demonstrate our
firm commitment to privacy, and to comply with the regulations
under the
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of
1996 (HIPAA). Since we are professional
psychologists, our normal practice is to diligently protect the
privacy and confidentiality of information we receive from our
patients. As owners
of ProfessionalCharges.com, we will consider the data we collect
through this Website as private confidential information, and we
will handle it like we do the confidential information received
from our patients. The following discloses our information
gathering and dissemination practices for this website:
We
use a registration form that requires members to give us unique
identifying, demographic and contact information. Members also
complete a form for making the charge on their client's credit
card. All the information we collect about members and their
clients will be intentionally submitted by the member or the
client. We do not
covertly collect information.
We
use the information we collect to setup member accounts, to
process the charges submitted, to contact a member if there is a
problem, and notify members if there is a change in our
procedures or services. We ask for the minimum amount of
information we need to efficiently and cost effectively:
Process the charges submitted.
Deposit the funds directly into the member's bank account.
Make timely contact with a member if the cardholder disputes the charges.
Fulfill the legal and card associations' requirements of returning the funds if
a disputed charge is not resolved. This is called a charge back. If the disputed funds have been deposited into the members
account, we will withdraw funds from a member's account to cover the charge back expenses.
Debit the member's bank
account for the annual membership fee, or as an alternative charge the members credit card for the membership fee or
for refunding any unresolved disputed charges.
We
may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify
members about special offers we think are valuable and relevant
to their professional practice. If a member would rather not
receive this information, the member can go to the Update
Membership page and indicate that in the preferences section.
ProfessionalCharges.com
does not sell, trade, or rent the information we collect to
others.  ProfessionalCharges.com
may provide aggregate statistics about visitors, members,
transactions, traffic patterns, and related site information to
reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information.
Security
We
use a secure Web server for the handling of all credit card data
and membership information. The secure server (SSL) encrypts or
converts the data into unreadable code, which allows users to
enter private information and credit card data safely. Our
server offers the 128-bit encryption. Our Website is hosted by a
company that maintains and protects the server with the proper
firewalls, which makes clandestine entry by a hacker nearly
impossible. We use iTransact, a major
commercial credit card processor and security company to handle
the verification, authorization and processing of credit card
charges.
All of the membership,
client and credit card data we collect is protected against
unauthorized access, is stored in a protected and encrypted
database.  No complete client credit card numbers are
stored on our Site or in our database. A Username and Password
are required for access to the
protected area where members are able to view and make changes
to their membership data.
Cookies:
We use temporary session cookies as part of our security.
When a member logs in with the correct Username and Password
a unique cookie is sent to the user's browser identifying the
user and enabling access only to that user's account
information. The cookie disappears when the user exits the
members only area or when the user remains idle for more than 3
hours. If the login cookie is not present there is no access to
the protected area of the Site. In order to use our service,
members must accept the temporary cookie.
Changes and Updates
Members
may update or change information related to their membership and account by using their User Name and Password to
access the Edit Membership Information page and making the
appropriate change.
There
is no commitment or obligation for members to submit charges for
their services through our Website or for length of membership.
Members may opt to terminate their membership at any time.
ProfessionalCharges.com
reserves the right to make changes in the Web Site and this
privacy statement.
HIPAA
(Comments:
The information we collect on our members' clients and patients
includes their name and address, type of credit card, card
number, expiration date, amount of charge, and a general
description of the charge such as Professional Services.
Many of our members are covered entities and many are not. Many
of our are covered entities also provide professional services
other than health care services, such as continuing education.
We receive no information about a patient's diagnosis or the
procedure code of the services rendered. When a member submits a
charge, we have no way of knowing whether or not the charge was
for health care service or for some other professional service.)
To conform to the requirements of the Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA),
ProfessionalCharges.com agrees to:
Use any client or patient information collected
only for the purpose of completing the processing of the
charges submitted.
Safeguard the
information from misuse.
Advise the
provider when violations have occurred.
Cooperate
with the provider to provide individuals access to
information upon request where this applies.
Contacting the Web Site
If
you have any questions about this privacy statement, the
practices of this site, or your dealings with this Website
please contact us.
For a more mobile friendly website design, click HERE
© Copyright 2011 byLarry Nadig, Ph.D.Douglas Nies, Ph.D.All Rights Reserved
Contact InformationProfessional Charges1530 E. Chevy Chase Dr., Suite 209Glendale, CA 91206
Phone:  (818) 206-2126