https://www.cerakote.com/about/policy
{{ notificationBar[0].message }}
{{ notificationBar[0].message }}
X
Order Today: 1-866-774-7628
Shop
Gallery
Find Applicator
Industries
Resources
Contact Us
My Account
Log Out
Log In
Back to Main Menu
Coatings
Mixology
Swatch Sets
Kits
Gear / Apparel
Equipment
Back to Main Menu
Kitchen and Bath
Automotive
3D Printing
Bicycles
Fishing
Back to Main Menu
Videos
Documents
Knowledge Base
Application and Training
Product Testing
Cerakote Vs.
Back to Main Menu
My Page
My Account
Order History
Product Wishlist
Favorite Resources
Bookmarked Gallery
Log Out
{{ me.name.display_name }} Account #: {{ me.customer_id }}
Home
Policies, Terms and Conditions
Policies, Terms and Conditions
A Division of NIC Industries, INC.
Effective as of April 11, 2019
Introduction
Account Terms
License
User Comments
Hyperlinking to our Content
Iframes
Reservation of Rights
Removal of Links from our Website
Content Liability
Disclaimer
Quality Assurance Program
Shipping Policy
Cerakote Fast Pass
Warranty
Credit Card Processing
Returns
Color Information
Privacy Statement
The way we use Information
Our Commitment To Data Security
Gallery Project
Submissions
About this Policy
How do we collect your personal data?
What personal data do we collect from you?
What do we use your personal data for?
Sharing your personal data
Data retention and deletion
Keeping your personal data safe
Cookies
Contact Us
Introduction
Thanks for choosing Cerakote!
At Cerakote, we want to give you the best possible experience to ensure that you enjoy our service today,
tomorrow, and in the future. To do this we need to understand your browsing habits, so we can deliver an
exceptional and
personalized service specifically for you. That said, your privacy and the security of your personal data is,
and will always be, enormously important to us. So, we want to transparently explain how and why we gather,
store, share and use your
personal data - as well as outline the controls and choices you have around when and how you choose to share
your personal data.
That is our objective, and this Terms, Conditions and Privacy Policy ("Policy") will explain exactly what we
mean in further detail below
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control
over the content and practices of these sites and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their
respective privacy policies. You are
free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to
provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal
information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to
contact us.
Account Terms
You must be 18 years or older or at least the age of majority in the jurisdiction where you reside or from
which you use this service;
To access and use the services, you must register for a Cerakote account by providing your full legal
name, current address, phone number, a valid email address, and any other information indicated as required.
Cerakote may
reject your application for an Account, or cancel an existing account, for any reason, in our sole
discretion;
You acknowledge that Cerakote will use the email address you provide as the primary method for
communication;
You are responsible for keeping your password secure. Cerakote cannot and will not be liable for any loss
or damage from your failure to maintain the security of your Account and password;
You are responsible for all activity and content such as photos, images, videos, graphics, written
content, information, or data uploaded, collected, generated, stored, displayed, distributed, transmitted or
exhibited on or in connection with
your Account;
A breach or violation of any term in the Terms of Service as determined in the sole discretion of Cerakote
will result in an immediate termination of your services.
License
Unless otherwise stated, Cerakote and/or it's licensors own the intellectual property rights for all material
on Cerakote. All intellectual property rights are reserved. You may view and/or print pages from
https://www.cerakote.com for your own personal use subject to restrictions set in these terms and
conditions.
You must not:
Republish material from https://www.cerakote.com
Sell, rent or sub-license material from https://www.cerakote.com
Reproduce, duplicate or copy material from https://www.cerakote.com
Redistribute content from Cerakote (unless content is specifically made for redistribution).
User Comments
Certain parts of this website offer the opportunity for users to post and exchange opinions, information,
material and data ('Comments') in areas of the website. Comments do not reflect the views or opinions of
Cerakote, its agents or
affiliates. Comments reflect the view and opinion of the person who posts such view or opinion. To the
extent permitted by applicable laws Cerakote shall not be responsible or liable for the Comments or for any
loss cost, liability, damages
or expenses caused and or suffered because of any use of and/or posting of and/or appearance of the Comments
on this website.
Cerakote reserves the right to monitor all Comments and to remove any Comments which it considers in its
absolute discretion to be inappropriate, offensive or otherwise in breach of these Terms and Conditions.
You warrant and represent that:
You are entitled to post the Comments on our website and have all necessary licenses and consents to
do so;
The Comments do not infringe any intellectual property right, including without limitation copyright,
patent or trademark, or other proprietary right of any third party;
The Comments do not contain any defamatory, libelous, offensive, indecent or otherwise unlawful
material or material which is an invasion of privacy;
The Comments will not be used to solicit or promote business or custom or present commercial
activities or unlawful activity.
You hereby grant to
Cerakote
a non-exclusive royalty-free license to use, reproduce, edit and authorize others to use, reproduce and edit
any of your Comments in all forms, formats or media.
Hyperlinking to our Content
The following organizations may link to our website without prior written approval:
Government agencies;
Search engines;
News organizations;
Online directory distributors when they list us in the directory may link to our website in the same
manner as they hyperlink to the websites of other listed businesses; and
System-wide Accredited Businesses except soliciting non-profit organizations, charity shopping malls,
and charity fundraising groups which may not hyperlink to our website.
These organizations may link to our home page, to publications or to other website information so long as
the link: (a) is not in any way misleading; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or approval
of the linking party and its
products or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking party's site.
We may consider and approve in our sole discretion other link requests from the following types of
organizations:
commonly-known consumer and/or business information sources such as Chambers of Commerce, American
Automobile Association, AARP and Consumers Union;
dot.com community sites;
associations or other groups representing charities, including charity giving sites,
online directory distributors;
internet portals;
accounting, law and consulting firms whose primary clients are businesses; and
educational institutions and trade associations.
We will approve link requests from these organizations if we determine that: (a) the link would not reflect
unfavorably on us or our accredited businesses (for example, trade associations or other organizations
representing inherently suspect
types of business, such as work-at-home opportunities, shall not be allowed to link); (b) the organization
does not have an unsatisfactory record with us; (c) the benefit to us from the visibility associated with the
hyperlink outweighs the absence
of Cerakote; and (d) where the link is in the context of general resource information or is otherwise
consistent with editorial content in a newsletter or similar product furthering the mission of the
organization.
These organizations may link to our home page, to publications or to other website information so long as the
link: (a) is not in any way misleading; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or approval of the
linking party and it
products or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking party's site.
If you are among the organizations listed in paragraph 2 above and are interested in linking to our website,
you must notify us by sending an e-mail to
info@cerakote.com. Please
include your name, your organization name, contact information (such as a phone number and/or e-mail address)
as well
as the URL of your site, a list of any URLs from which you intend to link to our website, and a list of the
URL(s) on our site to which you would like to link. Allow 2-3 weeks for a response.
Approved organizations may hyperlink to our website as follows:
By use of our corporate name; or
By use of the uniform resource locator (Web address) being linked to; or
By use of any other description of our website or material being linked to that makes sense within the
context and format of content on the linking party's site.
No use of Cerakote's logo or other artwork will be allowed for linking absent a trademark license
agreement.
Iframes
Without prior approval and express written permission, you may not create frames around our Web pages or use
other techniques that alter in any way the visual presentation or appearance of our website.
Reservation of Rights
We reserve the right at any time and in its sole discretion to request that you remove all links or any link
to our website. You agree to immediately remove all links to our website upon such request. We also reserve
the right to amend these terms
and conditions and its linking policy at any time. By continuing to link to our website, you agree to be bound
to and abide by these linking terms and conditions.
Removal of Links from our Website
If you find any link on our website or any linked website objectionable for any reason, you may contact us
about this. We will consider requests to remove links but will have no obligation to do so or to respond
directly to you.
Whilst we endeavor to ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant its
completeness or accuracy; nor do we commit to ensuring that the website remains available or that the material
on the website is kept up to date.
Content Liability
We shall have no responsibility or liability for any content appearing on your website. You agree to
indemnify and defend us against all claims arising out of or based upon your Website. No link(s) may appear on
any page on your website or within
any context containing content or materials that may be interpreted as libelous, obscene or criminal, or which
infringes, otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement or other violation of, any third-party
rights.
Disclaimer
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions
relating to our website and the use of this website (including, without limitation, any warranties implied by
law in respect of
satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and/or the use of reasonable care and skill). Nothing in this
disclaimer will:
limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence;
limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
limit any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or
exclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
The limitations and exclusions of liability set out in this Section and elsewhere in this disclaimer: (a) are
subject to the preceding paragraph; and (b) govern all liabilities arising under the disclaimer or in relation
to the subject matter of
this disclaimer, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort (including negligence) and for breach of
statutory duty.
To the extent that the website and the information and services on the website are provided free of charge,
we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.
Quality Assurance Program
Cerakote is committed to providing the highest quality coatings available. From raw material procurement to
manufacturing and packaging, every step is tested and certified against some of the highest industry standards
including ASTM and
MIL Spec. Lot samples of raw materials and finished goods are retained for further testing and certification
if necessary. Cerakote Quality Assurance Program complies with ISO 9000 standards.
Shipping Policy
Cerakote Shipping Policy
We want you to know that we do everything possible to ship all in-stock orders within 24 hours (sometimes we even drive packages to the airport ourselves). On occasion, it may take up to 48 hours for an order to ship. Processing times do not include weekends or holidays.
When your order ships, you will receive a shipping confirmation email from shipping@nicindustries.com that includes tracking information.
Orders containing out-of-stock items are processed when all items are in stock.
NIC partners with UPS, FedEx and DHL for domestic and international shipping. No snail mail here!
Standard delivery days are Monday – Friday. Some locations may have Saturday delivery available. If you are interested in Saturday delivery, please give us a call at 1-866-774-7628.
A physical address is required. UPS, FedEx and DHL are unable to deliver to PO Boxes.
Shipping to U.S. military addresses (APO/FPO) is not currently available with UPS, FedEx or DHL. If you're on-base (first off, thank you!), we can ship to your on-base UPS or FedEx store. Email us or give us a call at 1-866-774-7628 if you need help with this.
All rates include insurance, residential & extended area charges if applicable.
There are certain weight and country combinations that will require a shipping quote. If "Call 1-866-774-7628 for a shipping quote" is shown in the estimated shipping cost field, please call us and we can process your order over the phone just as it appears on your screen or send us an email to orders@cerakote.com
We'd love to hear from you. Email shipping@nicindustries.com with any question, comments or suggestions.
Dangerous Goods
Cerakote H and E series products are NOT classified as dangerous goods and can ship via any service without additional fees.
Cerakote C, MC, V and P Series ARE classified as Dangerous goods.
To avoid additional fees imposed by UPS, FedEx and DHL, choose our "Ground Service", which will not be charged a Dangerous Goods fee.
Dangerous goods shipped via any AIR service will be charged a discounted Dangerous Goods fee of $40.
Orders being delivered outside of the United States of America
All orders are processed and paid in USD.
Canadian Customers: NIC operates within Canada using Canada’s Non-Resident Importer program to prepay a flat 5% GST/PST for quick and easy delivery to your door. Rest assured, we only charge the purchaser a flat 5%.
The purchaser is responsible for assuring the product can be legally imported to the destination country.
The recipient is the "Importer of record" and must comply with all laws and regulations of the destination country.
The recipient of an international shipment other than Canada may be subject to import taxes, customs duties and fees, which are imposed when a shipment reaches the recipient's country.
All clearance charges for customs must be paid by the recipient. NIC Industries Inc. has no control over these charges.
If a package is refused or returned to us due to inaccurate address information, determined undeliverable, or declined at customs, the original shipping fees are non-refundable. The buyer assumes shipping costs associated with re-shipping of merchandise prior to re-shipment.
Customs policies vary widely from country to country. It is the purchaser’s responsibility to contact the local customs office for more information.
Customs clearance procedures may require additional delivery days beyond our original delivery estimates.
To avoid a delay in receiving your order from customs, we strongly suggest that you provide us with:
Tax ID
Local phone number
Email address
You may be required to provide a Unique Identification Number, CPF, or Tax ID. Customs offices in some countries or regions require the importer of record to provide a formal entry before releasing a shipment. Here are examples of some countries / regions that require a formal entry: Brazil, Chile, China, Costa Rica, Ecuador, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, India, Israel, Nicaragua, Peru, Qatar, South Africa, South Korea, Taiwan, and Turkey.
As per U.S. Federal Law, we cannot and do not misrepresent package(s) as "Gift" or devalue the total retail cost of a product(s) to avoid customs & duties fees.
International Freight Forwarder
If you (or a freight forwarder you so designate) have a U.S. address, purchase goods from Cerakote to be shipped to a U.S. location, and then subsequently export these goods, you or the designated freight forwarder are considered the exporter of these goods. You or the designated freight forwarder are solely responsible for compliance with all export and import regulations, including all U.S. export regulations and the import regulations of the destination country. NIC Industries Inc. must not be listed on any export documentation (e.g., export declarations, invoices, packing lists, air waybills, etc.). It is your responsibility to ensure the freight forwarders most up-to-date U.S. address is used.
NIC Industries Inc. does not support freight forwarding of any Dangerous Goods.
Using a freight forwarder may result in complications and delays in shipment.
Cerakote Heat Damage Policy
Avoid prolonged severe heat exposure during the hot summer months by taking advantage of our deeply discounted AIR shipping rates. In most cases, Cerakote has discounted air shipping to a cost lower than ground shipping to ensure you receive your order quickly and affordably.
Cerakote will not be held responsible for any damages due to heat exposure, i.e., packages left on shipping docks over a weekend or holiday. We encourage you to plan ahead.
Cerakote Fast Pass
Cerakote Fast Pass service puts you at the head of the line. We will produce your order and ship your product
Next Day Air to ensure that you have the Cerakote you need the next business day (excluding weekends and
holidays). Fast Pass
service is available until 10:30 am Pacific Time each business day. A $75 Fast Pass Fee will be added for each
order. Overnight shipping also applies. Service is not available if a color is out of stock or any one item
exceeds 5 total gallons.
Hazmat rules apply, see Shipping Policy for more
information. All Fast Pass orders for AK/HI/PR and international destinations will ship as outlined in the
Fast Pass service policy however, the delivery is based on the
carrier's service.
Warranty
Cerakote (NIC Industries, INC.) does not warranty the use or application of the materials it manufactures or
supplies. Our only obligation shall be to replace any defective materials supplied by us or refund the
original purchase price of
the product after we have determined it to be defective. We assume no liability for damages of any kind and
the user accepts the product "as is" and without any warranties, expressed or implied. The suitability of the
product or intended use shall be
the sole responsibility of the user. All information provided is believed to be correct, to the best of our
knowledge and testing. We recommend that you make adequate tests in your laboratory or plant to determine if
this product meets your
requirements.
Credit Card Processing
https://www.cerakote.com is PCI DSS Compliant. Cerakote utilizes a Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard compliant
host to ensure we offer the most secure credit card processing available.
Returns
IMPORTANT: Due to the DOT regulations, we are unable to accept any returns on C, MC, V or P-Series coatings.
Returns must transpire within thirty (30) days from the invoice date. Return shipping and charges are the responsibility of the customer.
A restocking fee of 20% of the original materials cost will be incurred. Before refusing or returning any product,
please call customer service (866) 774-7628 and make prior arrangements.
An authorization number must be issued in order to receive any form of compensation for the return.
Color Information
We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors of our products that appear on the
site. However, as the actual colors you see will depend on your monitor, we cannot guarantee that your
monitor's display of any color will
be accurate.
Privacy Statement
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online
information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. The
information we collect:
Name
Address
Email Address
Phone Number
Credit/Debit Card Information
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order product online and
want it sent to another business, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the
types of personal information
collected are:
Name
Email
Phone Number
Please read these Terms, our Privacy Policy and any other terms referenced in this document carefully.
The way we use Information
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to
confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to
complete that order.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive our newsletter as well as updates on our new
products and services. Information you submit on our website may be used to inform you of new products and
services from time to time.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers.
For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or
that Y number of men and Z
number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to
identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways
unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise
prohibit such unrelated uses.
To find out more about Privacy, please read our Privacy Policy.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have
put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the
information we collect online.
Gallery Project Submissions
Cerakote does not use or distribute your information with 3rd parties outside of our and website and social
networks. Your submitted information and media are used to showcase our products on real world applications.
By ensuring that the
proper Cerakote color(s) and keyword(s) are selected, guests will have the ability to become inspired, shop,
and easily find a Certified Cerakote Applicator nearby. Cerakote (NIC Industries, INC.) reserves the right to
use, edit or
modify any picture or text that is submitted, and we ask that your submissions adhere to the following
guidelines.
Keep It Clean
- We will deny any images, material, or media that is vulgar, pornographic, obscene, profane, illegal,
offensive, insulting, objectionable or those containing other content that is not appropriate. No images may
contain alcohol or anyone under the
age of 18.
Original
- We will deny any images from other sources. No images that infringe on any copyright, trademark, or other
legal property right.
Be Seen
- Images should focus on the coated object highlighting the creativity/skill level of the application and
the uniqueness of the project. Images should not be blurry, dark, in poor composition or otherwise difficult
to view. And please no fingers,
feet, hands or faces in frame. Watermarks and logos should be small, not distracting to the image, and
should not take up more than 20% of the photo.
All submissions are human reviewed, and we do not approve all submissions. To ensure that your submission is
approved, please take a few minutes to browse our gallery to use as a baseline reference before submitting
your media.
About this Policy
This Policy sets out the essential details relating to your personal data relationship with Cerakote. The
Policy applies to all Cerakote services and any associated services (referred to as the "Cerakote Service").
The
terms governing your use of the Cerakote Service are defined in our
Terms and Conditions of Use
(the "Terms and Conditions").
From time to time, we may develop new or offer additional services. If the introduction of these new or
additional services results in any change to the way we collect or process your personal data we will provide
you with more information and
additional terms or policies. Unless stated otherwise when we introduce these new or additional services, they
will be subject to this Policy.
The aim of this Policy is to:
Ensure that you understand what personal data we collect about you, the reasons why we collect and use it,
and who we share it with;
Explain the way we use the personal data that you share with us to give you a great experience when you
are using the Cerakote Service; and
Explain your rights and choices in relation to the personal data we collect and process about you and how
we will protect your privacy.
We hope this helps you to understand our privacy commitments to you. For further clarification of the terms
used in this Policy please use the information, found below, on how to contact us. Alternatively, if you do
not agree with the content of
this Policy, then please remember it is your choice whether you want to use the Cerakote Service.
How do we collect your personal data?
We collect your personal data in the following ways:
When you sign up for the Cerakote Service
- when you sign up to the Cerakote Service, we collect certain personal data so you can use the Cerakote
Service such as your name, email, phone, address, and country.
Through your use of the Cerakote Service
- when you use the Cerakote Service, we collect personal data about your use of the Cerakote Service, such
as what products, projects and other items you favorite.
Personal data collected that enables us to provide you with additional features/functionality
- from time to time, you also may provide us with additional personal data that enable you to purchase
products, upload projects, and list your business. You always will have the option to change your mind and
withdraw your consent at any time.
From third parties
- we will receive personal data about you and your activity from third parties, including advertisers and
partners we work with to provide you with the Cerakote Service (please see section 6,
Sharing your personal data,
below). We will use this personal data either where you have provided your consent to the third party or to
Cerakote to that data sharing taking place or where Cerakote has a legitimate interest to use the personal
data to provide
you with the Cerakote Service.
We use anonymized and aggregated information for purposes that include testing our IT systems, research, data
analysis, creating marketing and promotion models, improving the Cerakote Service, and developing new features
and functionality
within the Cerakote Service.
What personal data do we collect from you?
We have set out in the tables below the categories of personal data we collect and use about you:
Personal data collected when you sign up for the Cerakote Service
Categories of personal data
Description of category
Account Registration Data
This is the personal data that is provided by you or collected by us to enable you to sign up for and
use the Cerakote Service. This includes your phone, email, address, postal code, and country.
Some of the personal data we will ask you to provide is required to create your account. You also have the
option to provide us with some additional personal data to make your account more personalized.
The exact personal data we will collect depends on the type of Cerakote Service you sign up for and
whether or not you use a Third Party Service (as defined in the
Terms and Conditions of Use, such as Facebook) to sign up and use the
Cerakote Service. If you use a Third Party Service to create an account, we will receive personal data via
that Third Party Service but only when you have
consented to that Third Party Service sharing your personal data with us.
Personal data collected through your use of the Cerakote Service
Categories of personal data
Description of category
Cerakote Service Usage Data
This is the personal data that is collected about you when you are using the Cerakote Service - this may
include:
Information about your type of Cerakote account.
Information about your interactions with the Cerakote Service which includes the date and time of
any requests you make and your interactions with other Cerakote elements.
Technical Data which may include URL information, cookie data, your IP address, the types of devices
you are using to access or connect to the Cerakote Service, unique device IDs, device attributes,
network connection type (e.g. WiFi,
3G, LTE, Bluetooth) and provider, network and device performance, browser type, language, information
enabling digital rights management, operating system, and Cerakote application version. Further
details about the technical data that is
processed by us can be found in our
Cookies Policy.
Personal data collected with your permission that enables us to provide you with additional
features/functionality
Categories of personal data
Description of category
Payment Data
We may collect such personal data when you make purchases through the Cerakote Service. The exact
personal data collected will vary depending on the payment method but will include information such as:
Name;
Credit or debit card type, expiration date, and certain digits of your card number;
Postal code;
Mobile phone number; and
Contests, Surveys and Sweepstakes Data
This personal data is used to allow you to sign up and participate in these types of promotions. The
exact personal data collected will vary depending on the promotion.
Marketing Data
This personal data is used to enable Cerakote and our partners / service providers to send you marketing
communications either:
Via email;
Whilst using the Cerakote Service; and/or
Direct from the third party.
What do we use your personal data for?
When you use or interact with the Cerakote Service, we use a variety of technologies to process the personal
data we collect about you for various reasons. We have set out in the table below the reasons why we process
your personal data,
the associated legal bases we rely upon to legally permit us to process your personal data, and the categories
of personal data (identified in Section 4,
What personal data do we collect from you?) used for
these purposes:
Description of why Cerakote processes your personal data ('processing purpose')
Legal Basis for the processing purpose
Categories of personal data used by Cerakote for the processing purpose
To provide, personalize, and improve your experience with the Cerakote Service and other services and
products provided by Cerakote, for example by providing customized, personalized, or localized content,
recommendations,
features, and advertising on or outside of the Cerakote Service (including for third party products and
services).
Performance of a Contract
Legitimate Interest
Account Registration Data
Service Usage Data
To understand how you access and use the Cerakote Service to ensure technical functionality of the
Cerakote Service, develop new products and services, and analyze your use of the Cerakote Service,
including your
interaction with applications, advertising, products, and services that are made available, linked to, or
offered through the Cerakote Service.
Performance of a Contract
Legitimate Interest
Account Registration Data
Service Usage Data
To communicate with you for Cerakote Service-related purposes.
Performance of a Contract
Legitimate Interest
Account Registration Data
Service Usage Data
To process your payment to prevent or detect fraud including fraudulent payments and fraudulent use of the
Cerakote Service.
Performance of a Contract
Compliance with legal obligations
Legitimate Interest
Payment Data
To communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, for:
marketing,
research,
participation in contests, surveys and sweepstakes,
promotional purposes,
via emails, notifications, or other messages, consistent with any permissions you may have communicated to
us (e.g., through your Account Settings page).
Consent
Legitimate Interest
Contests, Surveys and Sweepstakes Data
Marketing Data
To provide you with features, information, advertising, or other content which is based on your specific
location.
Consent
Voluntary Mobile Data
Sharing your personal data
We have set out the categories of recipients of the personal data collected or generated through your use of
the Cerakote Service.
Publicly available information
The following personal data will ONLY be publicly available on the Cerakote Service if you upload any gallery
projects and/or are an approved applicator: your business name, profile picture, address, phone, website, and
any connected
social media profile links.
Categories of Recipients
Reason for sharing
Third Party Applications you connect to your Cerakote Account
If you connect your Cerakote account to a Third Party Application, such as, for example, social media,
Cerakote may share your Service Usage Data so you can connect to your Cerakote account.
Third Party Applications you use to log into Cerakote
If you log into a Third Party Application using your Cerakote account credentials, then that Third Party
Application may have access to certain Service Usage Data such as your saved content and activity.
You will receive a notification before connecting to the Third Party Application to let you know what
personal data will be shared / accessible to that Third Party Application.
Support and Knowledgebase Community
When you register for a Cerakote Support Account on the Cerakote Support Community, we will ask you to
create a specific Cerakote Support Community username. This will be publicly displayed to anyone who
accesses the
Cerakote Support Community along with any questions or comments you post.
Information we may share
Categories of Recipients
Reason for sharing
Service Providers and Others
We use technical service providers which may operate the technical infrastructure that we need to
provide the Cerakote Service, in particular providers which host, store, manage, and maintain the Cerakote
application, its
content and the data we process.
We use technical service providers to help us communicate with you, as described in
this section.
We use marketing and advertising partners to show you more tailored content, or to help us understand your
use of the Cerakote Service, to provide you with a better service. We also may share personal data with
certain marketing and
advertising partners to send you promotional communications about Cerakote.
Cerakote Partners
If you access the Cerakote Service through an offer that you received or purchased from a third party
such as your mobile network operator, we share personal data with that third party about your use of the
Cerakote Service,
such as whether and to what extent you have used the offer, activated a Cerakote account, or actively used
the Cerakote Service.
Depending on how you sign up for the Cerakote Service (e.g. through a third party service or a mobile
provider), we share your Cerakote username or other Account Registration Data as necessary to enable your
account.
Other Cerakote Group Companies
We will share your personal data with other Cerakote Group companies to carry out our daily business
operations and to enable us to maintain and provide the Cerakote Service to you.
Law Enforcement and Data Protection Authorities
We will share your personal data when we in good faith believe it is necessary for us to do so to comply
with a legal obligation under applicable law, or respond to valid legal process, such as a search warrant,
a court order, or a subpoena.
We also will also share your personal data where we in good faith believe that it is necessary for the
purpose of our own, or a third party's legitimate interest relating to national security, law enforcement,
litigation, criminal investigation,
protecting the safety of any person, or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm, provided that we deem
that such interest is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms requiring the
protection of your personal data.
Data retention and deletion
We keep your personal data only as long as necessary to provide you with the Cerakote Service and for
legitimate and essential business purposes, such as maintaining the performance of the Cerakote Service,
making data-driven
business decisions about new features and offerings, complying with our legal obligations, and resolving
disputes. We keep some of your personal data for as long as you are a user of the Cerakote Service. For
example, order history, and
account information.
If you request, we will delete or anonymize your personal data so that it no longer identifies you, unless,
we are legally allowed or required to maintain certain personal data, including situations such as the
following:
If there is an unresolved issue relating to your account, such as an outstanding credit on your account or
an unresolved claim or dispute we will retain the necessary personal data until the issue is resolved;
Where we are required to retain the personal data for our legal, tax, audit, and accounting obligations,
we will retain the necessary personal data for the period required by applicable law; and/or,
Where necessary for our legitimate business interests such as fraud prevention or to maintain the security
of our users.
Keeping your personal data safe
We are committed to protecting our users' personal data. We implement appropriate technical and
organizational measures to help protect the security of your personal data; however, please note that no
system is ever completely secure. We have
implemented various policies including pseudonymization, encryption, access, and retention policies to guard
against unauthorized access and unnecessary retention of personal data in our systems.
Your password protects your user account, so we encourage you to use a unique and strong password, limit
access to your computer and browser, and log out after having used the Cerakote Service.
Cookies
We employ the use of cookies. By using Cerakotes' website you consent to the use of cookies in accordance
with Cerakotes' privacy policy.
Most of the modern-day interactive web sites use cookies to enable us to retrieve user details for each
visit. Cookies are used in some areas of our site to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for
those people visiting. Some of
our affiliate / advertising partners may also use cookies.
How to Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these policies, please call us at 866-774-7628 or send us an
email at
info@Cerakote.com.
Cerakote is located at:
7050 6th Street
White City, OR 97503 USA
×
Sign up
Finish Account Creation
Congratulations, your account has been created.
Visit your page!
x
Added To Cart
{{ itemJustAddedToCart.product.name }}
Amount:
{{ pricePerUnit }}
/unit
Quantity:
{{ data.quantity.unit }}
Swatches are cerakoted aluminum panels for accuracy. If your order contains an "Out of Stock" swatch, we will create that swatch for you, then ship your entire swatch order. This can take up to two weeks.If all swatches are IN STOCK it will ship in 1-3 business days via UPS overnight.
Items are Added to Your Cart
Subtotal {{ cart.total.formatted }}
View Cart ( {{ totalCartItems }} )
Continue Shopping
We noticed you have Cookies disabled.
You will have limited website functionality and not be able to place orders.
Please enable cookies to experience the full potential of Cerakote.