http://www.tollbrothers.com/privacy
Shortcut Navigation:
Page Content
Site Navigation
Search
Footer
Search Homes
clear
Search by map
OR
Search by current location
Recent Searches
Search by State
Arizona
Phoenix
California
Los Angeles
Orange County
Palm Springs
Sacramento
San Diego
San Francisco
San Jose
Colorado
Colorado Springs
Denver
Fort Collins
Connecticut
Danbury
District of Columbia
Florida
Boca Raton
Jacksonville
Miami
Naples
Orlando
Sarasota
Tampa
West Palm Beach
Georgia
Atlanta
Idaho
Boise
Illinois
Chicago
Maryland
Baltimore
Massachusetts
Boston
Michigan
Detroit
Nevada
Las Vegas
Reno
New Jersey
Central New Jersey
Northern New Jersey
New York
New York
Westchester
North Carolina
Charlotte
Raleigh
Oregon
Portland
Pennsylvania
Philadelphia
South Carolina
Charleston
Greenville
Myrtle Beach
Tennessee
Nashville
Texas
Austin
Dallas-Fort Worth
Houston
Utah
Salt Lake City
Virginia
Washington, DC
Washington
Seattle
The Toll Brothers Advantage
My Favorites
About Us
Contact Us
My Favorites
Sign In
Create an Account
My Favorites
Preferences
Sign Out
Privacy Policy
Revised: December 19, 2019
At Toll Brothers, we respect and understand the privacy of our customers, employees, website visitors, business
partners and others who share their personal information with us. This Privacy Policy is intended to help you
understand the kinds of information that we collect, how that information is used, and your rights with respect to
that information. This Privacy Policy applies to all of our affiliated companies, including Toll Brothers, Inc., and
our mortgage, title, abstract, landscaping, and home security affiliates. When we refer to Toll Brothers, we, or us
in this Policy, we are referring to all of our affiliated companies.
If you are a California resident, you can click on this link to skip ahead to
"Rights for California Residents."
How We Collect Information from our Website and the Internet
We collect personal information (such as your name, street address, email address and phone number) that you have
voluntarily submitted to us through features on our website such as contact forms. We may also temporarily log your
IP address in order to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our website and track usage statistics.
Your IP address may vary each time you visit, or it may be the same, depending on your internet provider. Either
way, we cannot identify you through your IP address, and we make no attempt to do so. If you reached our site by
clicking on a link or advertisement on another site, then we also track that information. This helps us maximize our
internet exposure, and it helps us understand our users' interests. All of this information is collected and used
only in the aggregate; that is, it is entered into our database, where we can use it to generate overall reports on
our visitors, but not individual reports that identify you personally.
We also use "cookies," which are small text files that we place on your computer's hard drive. A cookie may contain
information that allows us to track your path through our website and to determine whether you have visited us
before. A cookie contains no information that would allow us to identify you. We use cookies to help us understand
how visitors use our site, and to help us to improve our site. You may refuse to accept a cookie from us by
following the procedures specific to your web browser. Although you may do so, you may find that your browser reacts
strangely when visiting not only our website, but other websites as well. Since cookies don't provide us with any
information from which we can identify you, we suggest you allow us to place one on your computer.
We use web beacons on our site or other sites and sometimes permit third parties to place them on our site to monitor the effectiveness of advertising or for other legitimate purposes. A web beacon, is a small, graphic image on a webpage, web-based document or in an e-mail message that is designed to allow the site owner or a third party to monitor who is visiting a site. Web beacons are often invisible to the user because they are typically very small (only 1-by-1 pixel) and the same color as the background of the webpage, document or e-mail message. Web beacons are represented as HTML IMG tags in the webpage; users can click on "view profiles" of the webpage to see whether the page is using a web beacon.
Targeted Ads
We may use third-party ad servers (or ad networks) to deliver ads to you on our behalf. These third-party ad servers
may collect and use non-personal information about your visits to our site in order to present advertisements that
may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice or to opt-out of having this
information used by third-party ad servers to provide targeted ads, please visit https://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
Google Analytics
We also use Google Analytics, which uses first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and/or other
first-party identifiers, and/or third-party cookies (such as Google Advertising cookies) or other third-party
identifiers to make advertising more engaging to our users. Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by
Google that utilizes the data collected across multiple devices to track and examine the use of this website to
prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the data collected to
contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. The Google Analytics features we have
implemented include Remarketing with Google Analytics; Google Display Network Impression Reporting; Google Signals;
and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting.
You may opt-out of Google Analytics tracking by visiting https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Google Maps
We provide access to Google Maps. We do not collect information through Google Maps. Personal information about you
may be gathered, used and processed by Google in accordance with Google's privacy policy. Google's privacy policy,
including its' policy in connection with Google maps, is available at https://www.google.com/privacy.html.
Do Not Track
Our websites do not support Do Not Track at this time. Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference that you can set in
your web browser to indicate that you do not want certain information about your webpage visits collected across
websites when you have not interacted with that service on the page. For all the details, including how to turn on
Do Not Track, visit donottrack.us.
Unsubscribing from Emails
If you are currently receiving emails from Toll Brothers and wish to be removed from our mailing list, click here to remove
yourself from our mailing list.
reCAPTCHA
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and
Terms of Service apply.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly solicit children to purchase our services or products. Our websites are not designed to attract
children under the age of 13, and we do not intentionally or knowingly collect personal information on our websites
from anyone under the age of 13.
Data Security
We have adopted physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to protect personal information in our custody and
control against loss, theft, and unauthorized access, use, modification, and disclosure. However, no transmission
over the internet, or any method of storage is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our services, nor
can we guarantee that the information you provide will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the
internet. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially reasonable means to protect your personal information, we
cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Rights for California Residents
This section applies to you if you are a California resident: Effective January 1, 2020, under the California
Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA), you are entitled to a list of the categories of personal information that we
have collected about consumers in the last 12 months, the business or commercial purpose(s) for which that
information will be used, the categories of sources from which that information was collected and the categories of
third parties with whom we share that information. That information is provided in the "CCPA Personal Information
Table" at the end of this Policy. You can click this link to skip ahead to that table.
Under the CCPA, you are also entitled to request that we disclose the categories of personal information that we have
collected about you in the prior twelve months, that we disclose the categories of sources from which that
information was collected, that we disclose the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that
information, that we disclose the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you, and/or
that we delete your personal information.
If you wish to make a request under the CCPA, you may do so here: https://www.tollbrothers.com/privacy/dataprivacy. That form will request that you provide
your name, address, cell phone number and email address, indicate your relationship with Toll, and specify your
request under the CCPA. We use this information solely to verify your request. You may also make a request by
calling us at 1-844-641-5931 and providing the same information. Either way, we may follow up with you by telephone
if additional information is necessary to verify your request. Upon verification, we will endeavor to respond to you
within 45 days of receiving your request. If you are an authorized agent of a California resident and wish to make a
request under the CCPA for that California resident, you may make a request by calling as at 1-844-641-5931 and
providing the same information described above for both you and the California resident for whom you are the
authorized agent. We will follow up with you by telephone to request appropriate written authorization confirming
that you are authorized make the request on behalf of the California resident.
Under the CCPA, you are also entitled to request that we disclose the categories of personal information that we sold
about you in the prior twelve months, the categories of third parties to whom that information was sold (by category
of personal information for each such third party), and the categories of personal information that we disclosed
about you for a business purpose. Please understand that Toll Brothers does not and will not sell personal
information, nor have we done so in the twelve-month period prior to the date of this Policy.
The CCPA also protects you from discrimination because you exercised any of your rights under the CCPA,
including, for example, being denied goods or services, being charged different prices or rates (including through
the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties), being provided a different level or quality of goods
or services, or having a business suggest that a consumer will receive a different price or rate for goods or
services or a different level or quality of goods or services. Rest assured that we do not and will not discriminate
against you because you exercise any of their rights under the CCPA.
Lastly, the CCPA requires us to state whether we sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age
without affirmative authorization. We do not intentionally collect such information, and to the extent we do, we do
not sell it.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Toll Brothers reserves the right to modify or update this Privacy Policy at any time, consistent with legal,
contractual, and regulatory requirements. When we revise the Policy, we will indicate the date of revision at the
top of the Privacy Policy. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our
privacy practices.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or Toll Brothers' privacy practices, please contact
us by email at dataprivacy@tollbrothers.com or by mail at:
Toll Brothers, Inc.
ATTN: Chief Compliance Officer
1140 Virginia Drive
Fort Washington, PA 19034
CCPA PERSONAL INFORMATION (PI) TABLE
Depending on how you engage or interact with Toll Brothers, Inc. or with one or more of our subsidiaries, we collect
the following categories of personal information (PI) from the following sources:
Business activity
Business or commercial purpose for collecting PI
Categories of PI collected
Categories of sources from which PI is collected
Categories of third parties with whom we share PI
Residential Sales
In the sales process we collect PI from prospective and actual buyers to provide helpful and targeted
products and services, to facilitate the sale, design, construction and delivery of homes, to provide
customer and warranty service, to review buyer qualifications, to process payments and for record keeping
Name, signature, email, phone number(s), address, business address, internet protocol (IP) address,
geolocation data, purchase interests
From you directly, including via our websites, on-line chats, phone calls, in person meetings with our sales
reps (provided verbally and in writing), and from real estate agents, from browsing history on
tollbrothers.com and Toll Brothers affiliates websites, and from marketing partners such as Zillow.com and
others
With service providers that help us provide goods and services to you, including for example, design and
construction contractors, and advertising networks, and third parties you and/or Toll Brothers contract with to complete the
transaction, such as title insurance carries, escrow service providers and lenders
Apartment Leasing
In the leasing process, we collect PI from prospective and actual lease applicants to evaluate lease
applications, to provide customer service, to provide building services, to process payments and service
leases, for record keeping and to meet state regulations
Name, email, phone number(s), current and past physical address(es), internet protocol (IP) address, Social
Security Numbers and dates of birth for all leaseholders and occupants, vehicle information, government ID
number, income histories, current and former employment information
From you directly, including via our websites, on-line chats, phone calls, in person meetings with our sales
and leasing reps (provided verbally and in writing), from real estate agents, and from marketing partners
such as Zillow.com and others
With credit reporting agencies, advertising networks, and service providers responsible for property management, concierge
apps, package delivery apps, building social media apps, and other services that we provide.
Mortgage Application and Financing
In the mortgage application and lending process, we collect PI to review borrower and buyer qualifications,
to support residential sales operations, to make credit determinations, for record keeping and to meet
government regulations
Buyer name(s), email, phone number(s), current and past physical address(es), internet protocol (IP)
address, Social Security Numbers, date of birth, vehicle information, government ID number, income, current
and former employment information, financial account information (bank account numbers, credit or debit card
numbers, financial balances), personal property records, loan and liability information, asset information,
W-2, 1099 and other tax information, commercial information regarding owned property and property to be
purchased
From you directly, from credit reporting agencies, and from third party service providers for tax return
information
Advertising networks, credit reporting agencies, fraud reporting agencies, tax analytics agencies, employment verification
agencies, loan underwriters and government agencies
Home Design
We collect PI from you when you are buying a home to customize your new home
Name, email, phone number(s), current address, location of the new home, products to be purchased
From you directly and from service providers
With service providers responsible for contracting features such as floors and counters, window dressings,
solar power systems, low voltage electric, alarm systems and other home and design features, and with advertising networks
Home Warranty Services
We collect PI from home owners for customer and warranty service purposes, community services, and record
keeping
Name, email, phone number(s), physical address, vehicle information
In addition to PI collected in home purchase process (see above), from the homeowner directly
With service providers who help provide warranty and property management services, including for example,
contractors and community property management companies
Home Security Services
We collect PI to provide home security and automation services, review customer qualifications, process
payments and record keeping
Name, email, phone number(s), physical address, home property information, products and services to be
purchased, social security information, date of birth
From you directly and from service providers
With service providers who provide home security and automation services, including for example, product
installation contractors and smart home, security and automation apps
Home Landscaping Services
We collect PI to provide home landscaping, services, process payments and record keeping
Name, email, phone number(s), home address, property information, products and services to be purchased
From you directly and from service providers
With service providers who provide landscaping services, including for example, landscaping contractors
Insurance Services
We collect PI to provide home (and related) insurance services and products, review customer qualifications,
process payments, and record keeping
Name, email, phone number(s), physical address, property information
From you directly
With service providers who offer insurance services.
Title and Escrow Services
We collect PI to perform title insurance and escrow-related services for residential home sales
Name, purchase address, loan amount
From you directly, and from service providers who provide title reports
With lenders, property buyers and sellers and their agents, service providers such as underwriters and title
reporting agencies, and government agencies, such as county records offices
SHOW ONLY QUICK DELIVERY HOMES
Only Quick Delivery Homes
When do you plan to move?
Select a date
Bedrooms
Any
Primary Bedroom (Floor)
Any
Bathrooms
Any
Half Baths
Any
Price Range
Price Range
min
max
Square Feet
Square Feet
min
max
Home Types
Stories
Any
Garages
Any
Community Type
Any
Active Adult
Amenities/Resort
City Living
Future
Luxury Rental
Golf
Waterfront
County
Any
School District
Any
Update Results
Reset Filters
Request More Info
You're almost done!
Complete this short form to help us best support you in your home search process. This information will allow our representative to better understand your wants and needs, as well as assist you in finding your perfect Toll Brothers
home.
Price Range*
Price Range
Purchase Timeframe?*
-Select-
< 30days
60-90 Days
3-6 Months
6-12 Months
1-3 Years
3-5 Years
5+ Years
Address
City
State
-Select-
Zip
Country
-Select-
Mobile Phone
Send
Thank you for your interest in Toll Brothers! One of our representatives will be in touch with you shortly.
Be sure to check your inbox for a confirmation email from us.
Close This Window