https://www.d2l.com/legal/cookies-policy/
×
Sorry, but Internet Explorer is no longer supported.
For the best D2L.com experience, it's important to use a modern browser.
To view the D2L.com website, please upgrade to Microsoft Edge, or download another browser such as Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox.
English (NA)
Español
Português
Deutsch
English (APAC)
English (Europe)
English (MEA)
Nederlands
Français (CA)
Home » Legal » D2L Cookies Policy
General
This page contains a description of the cookies we use on D2L Web sites, including www.D2L.com. Most Web browsers enable you to manage cookies through your browser settings. To learn more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org. As our Web sites and offerings materially evolve, we will review and update this Web page from time to time.
What are Cookies?
Cookies are small pieces of data placed on your web browser by the offerings you use or the Web sites you visit. Directive 2009/136/EC (the “Cookies Directive”), which amends Directive 2002/58/EC, came into force in the European Union (EU) on 25 May 2011. The Cookies Directive provides that “the storing of information or the gaining of access to information already stored, in the terminal equipment of a subscriber or user is only allowed on condition that the subscriber or user concerned has given his or her consent, having been provided with clear and comprehensive information”.
Cookies Used on D2L Web sites
When you visit a D2L Web site, you may encounter cookies described in the list below. Our lists are grouped based on the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) cookie guide, which identifies four categories of cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies
Performance cookies
Functionality cookies
Targeting or advertising cookies
More Information on Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to collect top level information about how visitors use certain D2L Web sites. Google Analytics provides the information we need to improve the user experience and serve up the content our visitors find most useful. The Google Analytics cookies store information about what pages people visit, how long they are on the site, how they got there and what they click on. Information supplied by Google Analytics helps us analyze site traffic to identify areas to improve in order to provide our visitors with a better experience. No personal information (for example, names or addresses) is gathered or stored, so this information cannot be used to identify individuals. For an overview of privacy at Google, click here. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Links to Third Party Offerings and Web Sites
We may also link to third party offerings of Web sites that use cookies like the ones described above. If you access another offering or Web site through a link that we have provided, the offering you are accessing or the site you are visiting is responsible for providing you with information about how they use cookies.
Questions
If you have any comments, questions or concerns about this page, the data that we collect from you or how that data is being used, or to report suspected misuse of your information, please contact us at Privacy@D2L.com or write to us at:
D2L Corporation
Attn: Privacy Officer
151 Charles Street West, Suite 400
Kitchener, Ontario
N2G 1H6 Canada
Last Modified: February 7, 2020