http://www.incomrealestate.com/privacy_policy.html
Privacy Policy
LAST UPDATED: May 4th 2018
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs how INCOM Web & e-Marketing Solutions® (“INCOM Web & e-Marketing Solutions,” “INCOM,” “us,” “we,” or “our”) collects, uses, discloses and otherwise manages your personal. This Privacy Policy applies to our privacy practices on (1) the INCOM website located at www.incomrealestate.com (the “Website”).
What is Personal Information?
Personal information means information about an identifiable individual, but does not include aggregate information that cannot be associated with an identifiable individual, such as demographic statistics. Personal information does not include publicly available information or your business contact information.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
We collect personal information from individuals who access and use the Website and Offerings (the "Users") only for the following purposes:
a. to establish and maintain commercial relationships with Users;
b. to answer questions and respond to concerns of Users;
c. to provide products and services to Users on an ongoing basis;
d. to acquire third-party products and services on behalf of Users for integration with our products and services;
e. to administer and maintain the online client administration system;
f. to fulfil purchases of products and services;
g. to understand Users' needs and preferences;
h. to develop, enhance, market or promote our products and services;
i. to manage and develop INCOM's business and operations, including personnel and employment matters; and
j. to meet legal or regulatory requirements.
We only collect personal information that you voluntarily provide. You may refuse to provide consent at any time. However, this may prevent you from accessing and using the Website, portions of the Website, or the Offerings.
We retain Users' personal information for only as long as is necessary to meet the purposes of the collection of personal information set out below.
Our products and services provide technology to Users that facilitate the collection of personal information from Users' customers ("End User Personal Information"). End User Personal Information is collected when a User's customers ("End Users") access products and services provided by INCOM to the User. End User Personal Information is collected and stored by INCOM on behalf of the User, but we maintain no rights in any End User Personal Information and do not use End User Personal Information.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to collect aggregated information regarding the access and use of the Website. Such aggregated information may include what pages Users' access or visit, when and how Users visit, and other information Users may volunteer.
We collect and use such information to improve the quality of the Website.
The information we collect is not shared with or sold to other organizations for commercial purposes but may be used where it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or as otherwise required by law.
Cookies
We use cookies on the Website. A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a website's computer and stored on your computer's hard drive. Use of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information. Cookies are an industry standard used by most websites.
We use cookies to help remember who you are through your browser settings so INCOM can provide a personalized experience, to save passwords and preferences so you do not have to re-enter them as often, analyze traffic to the Website, measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety.
Log Files
We log certain technical information from your computer's web browser when you access and use the Website. This information includes your IP address, the address of the website you are coming from, the amount of time you spend visiting the Website, the pages visited, date and time of access, and the operating system and web browser software used.
We use such information to analyze Website trends, administer the Website, track User movement in the aggregate and gather other information for aggregate use, such as demographic information.
This information is not generally used to link to logs to identifiable individuals. INCOM will only attempt to link the logs to identifiable individuals if that is necessary a data security breach, a breach of contract, a violation of INCOM policies and procedures, or as otherwise required by law.
Disclosure of Personal Information
We do not disclose your personal information to third parties without your consent. We do not sell, rent or trade your personal information without your consent.
There are some exceptions when we may be required to disclose personal information without your consent. These situations include when we are required by law or we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process, enforce our privacy policies or Terms of Use, respond to claims that specific content violates the rights of others, or to protect anyone's rights, property, or safety.
Third Party Websites
The Website and Offerings may contain links to third party websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy policies of any third party websites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Website and Offerings and to read the privacy policies of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies only to the Website and Offerings.
For certain features of the Website and Offerings, you may choose to access INCOM's online offerings using an account established with a social networking or email platform ("Social Logins"). The use of such Social Logins may provide INCOM with access to certain personal information stored on the social networking or email platform. INCOM is not responsible for the collection of personal information by any social networking or email platform or any personal information collected by a social networking or email platform as a result of a Social Login. You should review the privacy policy of the social networking or email platform prior to accessing INCOM's online offerings through Social Logins.
Third Party Payees
We may use third party payees to process payments on behalf of INCOM. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy policies of any third party payees. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Website and to read the privacy policies of all third party payees. This Privacy Policy applies only to the Website and Offerings.
Security
We make every effort to protect your personal information. We protect your personal information both online and offline.
We protect your right to privacy and your personal information by:
a. only collecting personal information for the purposes set out in the Privacy Policy;
b. ensuring appropriate security measures are in place;
c. ensuring appropriate confidentiality measures are in place for personal information when dealing with third parties;
d. ensuring that personal information is kept up-to-date and current for the purposes for which it is being used; and
e. honouring requests for access to your personal information.
Spam Emails
Fraudulent emails are crafted in many assortments and are the unpermitted actions of third parties not associated with InCom. These “spoof” email messages are becoming more common amongst many large-scale businesses and may appear legitimate by incorporating InCom’s brand, colours, or other associated legal disclaimers.
There have been a number of fraudulent emails reported in the past, and new spoofs may be introduced. These types of emails, especially those with attachments, point to invalid destinations which may contain malware, and could potentially corrupt your computer.
These are not legitimate InCom communications. We do not advise the activation of any links provided or clicking on any attachments. Instead, simply delete the email. Run a virus scan immediately upon accidentally activating a link.
Please be advised that InCom does not request payments, personal information, financial information, account numbers, IDs, passwords, or copies of invoices in an unsolicited manner through email, mail or fax. InCom accepts no responsibility for any costs or charges incurred as a result of fraudulent activity.
Removal of and Access to Personal Information
Upon your request, we will remove your personal information from view as soon as reasonably possible, and in accordance with applicable law. We do retain personal information in order to comply with law, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our agreements, and take other actions otherwise permitted by law.
You may request access to your personal information in accordance. All requests must be made in writing and addressed to INCOM. You will be required to provide some information for security reasons and to verify identity. A small administrative fee may apply, depending on the request. INCOM has the right to deny access to personal information. INCOM will explain why your request for access to your personal information has been denied.
Contact Information
If you have questions, concerns or suggestions regarding the Privacy Policy or INCOM's privacy practices, please contact us at: 1 866-883-8951
Address: 20 De Boers Dr., Suite 319, Toronto, ON M3J 0H1, Canada
Otherwise, we assume that we have your consent to collect, use and disclose your personal information for the purposes and uses identified in this Privacy Policy.