http://www.beernuts.com/pages/social-media-privacy-policies
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Social Media & Privacy Policies
Social Media Policy
BEER NUTS® uses social media as a method of communicating with our publics. In order to best serve our publics, the following has been adopted and applies to BEER NUTS’ Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and Snapchat sites.
BY ACCESSING, VIEWING, PARTICIPATING, POSTING OR ENGAGING IN ANY WAY ON ANY BEER NUTS SOCIAL MEDIA SITE YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THE POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, YOU MAY NOT USE ANY BEER NUTS SOCIAL MEDIA SITES. USE OF BEER NUTS SOCIAL MEDIA SITES IS ACCEPTANCE OF THIS POLICY.
BEER NUTS reserves the right to monitor, prohibit, restrict, block, suspend, terminate, delete, or discontinue your access to any BEER NUTS social media site, to the extent it is able to do so, at any time, without notice and for any reason and in its sole discretion. BEER NUTS may remove, delete, block, filter or restrict by any other means any materials posted, placed, or found within BEER NUTS’ social media site, to the extent it is able to do so, and do so at its sole discretion. BEER NUTS does not necessarily endorse any product, service, views, or content displayed on the social media site, which has been posted by a party other than BEER NUTS.
As a guest posting content to BEER NUTS’ social media site, you agree that:
You will not transmit any material (by uploading, posting or otherwise) that is unlawful, disruptive, threatening, profane, abusive, harassing, embarrassing, tortuous, defamatory, obscene, libelous, or is an invasion of another’s privacy or right of publicity, is hateful or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable as solely determined by the discretion of BEER NUTS.
You will not violate any local, state, federal or international laws and regulations, including, but not limited to copyright and intellectual property laws regarding any content that you send, post, transmit or otherwise use on BEER NUTS’ social media.
You will not impersonate any person or entity or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity.
You will not transmit any material (by uploading, posting or otherwise) that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships.
You will not transmit any material (by uploading, posting or otherwise) that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party.
You will not transmit (by uploading, posting or otherwise) any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other form of solicitation.
You will not transmit any material (by uploading, posting or otherwise) that contains software viruses, worms, disabling code or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment.
You will not harass another person; or collect or store, or attempt to collect or store personal data about third parties without their knowledge or consent; or to share confidential pricing information of any party.
By posting any content on BEER NUTS’ social media site, you grant to BEER NUTS the irrevocable right to reproduce, distribute, publish, display, edit, modify, create derivative works from or otherwise use such content. BEER NUTS may disclose your communications and activities in response to lawful requests by governmental authorities, judicial orders, warrants or subpoenas or for the protection of BEER NUTS’ rights. You agree that in the event that BEER NUTS exercises any of its rights hereunder for any reason, BEER NUTS will have no liability to you.
YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ALL INFORMATION THAT YOU POST, SEND, TRANSMIT AND COMMUNICATE VIA BEER NUTS’ SOCIAL MEDIA SITE.
BEER NUTS does not control the third party sites over which you may choose to send content and, therefore, BEER NUTS does not warrant any safeguard against any interceptions or compromises to your information that you chose to send, post or utilize on BEER NUTS’ social media site.
You shall defend, indemnify and hold BEER NUTS and its corporate affiliates and their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, successors and assigns harmless from and against, and shall promptly reimburse them for, any losses, claims, damages, settlements, costs and liabilities of any nature whatsoever (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) to which any of them may become subject arising out of, based upon, as a result of, or in any way connected with, your posting of any content to BEER NUTS’ social media site, any third party claims of infringement or any breach by you of this Policy.
You agree that any claim or dispute related to your posting of any content on BEER NUTS’ social media site shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois and you agree to be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state or federal courts located in McLean County, Illinois.
This Policy may be updated at any time without notice, and each time you access BERE NUTS’ social media site, the updated Policy will govern use of BEER NUTS’ social media site. To remain in compliance, BEER NUTS suggests that you review the Policy, at regular intervals. By continuing to post any content after such new terms to the Policy are posted, you accept and agree to any and all such modifications to this Policy.
If you have questions about this Policy, please contact 309-585-6159.
Privacy Policy
BEER NUTS, Inc. is committed to providing meaningful privacy protection of visitors to our online site BEERNUTS.com. Accordingly, we have adopted this Privacy Statement to serve as the foundation for our privacy practices and procedures.
The BEERNUTS.com web site is structured so that you can visit without identifying yourself or revealing personal information. You can visit our site and find out about our products and services, read our corporate reports, or get news updates and other value-added services.
In some circumstances, BEERNUTS.com may request personal information such as your name, e-mail address or telephone number. Your response to these inquiries is strictly voluntary. BEER NUTS, Inc. may use this information for statistical, demographic, marketing and/or transaction purposes, and to better understand the make-up of our customer base so we can improve our services consistent with our visitors' interests. Once you choose to provide us personally identifiable information (any information which can identify you), be assured that it will only be used to support your relationship with BEER NUTS, Inc. If you do provide personal information, we will not disclose (share, sell or divulge) it to any external organizations in other than aggregated statistical form.
BEER NUTS, Inc. maintains physical, technical and organizational safeguards to protect the confidentiality of personal information about our customers against (i) unauthorized access or disclosure, and (ii) accidental loss, alteration or destruction. Outside vendors do not have access to our systems and information unless they comply with our rules and adhere strictly to our security standards.
The BEERNUTS.com web site may store some information (called a "cookie") on your computer's hard drive to automatically recognize you the next time you visit. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you've visited, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Some parts of BEERNUTS.com use cookies. We do this in order to determine the usefulness of BEERNUTS.com information to our users and to see how effective our navigational structure is in helping users reach that information. BEERNUTS.com does not correlate this information with data about individual users, nor does it sell this information to any third party.
If you prefer not to receive cookies on BEERNUTS.com, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser. A decision not to accept cookies could limit your access to some of the functionality and services that are available on the BEERNUTS.com web site.
As a convenience to our visitors, BEERNUTS.com may contain links to a number of sites not authored and/or owned by BEER NUTS, Inc. that we believe may offer useful information. The privacy policies and procedures described here do not apply to those sites. We suggest contacting these sites directly for information on their data collection and distribution policies.
Any changes in the BEERNUTS.com Privacy Statement will be communicated on this page. If you have comments or questions about our privacy or terms of use, please send them to this email address: support@BEERNUTS.com.
Discount Code & Sales Policy
BEER NUTS®. provides discount codes & sales for customers to use online only at BEERNUTS.com to attract new customers or increase sales. Codes are to be used once per customer and are to not be shared with other outside parties such as discount websites or other customers. Codes may only be used on full-priced items and are not stackable with other offers. Codes & sales may not be applied to previous purchases and are only considered valid during the promotional window. Codes retain no cash value and if a return is made, you will only be credited in the amount that you paid - total amount at checkout less the value of the coupon code.
BEER NUTS reserves the right to revoke or alter discount codes & sales at any time for any reason.