https://www.gigatronix.co.uk/privacy-and-cookie
COOKIES
We use cookies to improve your user experience and to maintain
security on our website.
If you continue to make use of our site, we'll assume that you are
happy for us to use cookies in accordance with our
Privacy and
Cookies Policy.
Dismiss this alert.
Innovation & Quality
in Connectivity
Solutions
Call us: +44 (0)23 9245 4412
Shopping Cart:
Empty
Home
About
Capabilities
Resources
Product Overview
Connectors
Coaxial Connectors
Push-Pull Connectors
Cable
Coaxial Cable
Cable Assemblies
Configure Online
Stock Assemblies
Cabulator™
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Part 1: Personal information and privacy
1. Introduction
1.1.
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
1.2.
By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
2. Collecting personal information
2.1.
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
2.1.1.
information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths);
2.1.2.
information that you provide to us when registering with our website (including your name and email address);
2.1.3.
information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters (including your name and email address);
2.1.4.
information that you provide to us when using the services on our website, or that is generated in the course of the use of those services (including the timing, frequency and pattern of service use);
2.1.5.
information relating to any purchases you make of our products and services or any other transactions that you enter into through our website (including your name, address, telephone number, and email);
2.1.6.
information that you post to our website;
2.1.7.
information contained in or relating to any communications that you send to us or send through our website (including the communication content and meta data associated with the communication);
2.1.8.
any other personal information that you choose to send to us.
2.2.
Before you disclose to us the personal information of another person, you must obtain that person's consent to both the disclosure and the processing of that personal information in accordance with the terms of this policy.
3. Using your personal information
3.1.
Personal information submitted to us through our website will be used for the purposes specified in this policy or on the relevant pages of the website.
3.2.
We may use your personal information to:
3.2.1.
administer our website and business;
3.2.2.
personalise our website for you;
3.2.3.
enable your use of the services available on our website;
3.2.4.
send you products purchased through our website;
3.2.5.
supply to you services purchased through our website;
3.2.6.
send statements, invoices and payment reminders to you, and collect payments from you;
3.2.7.
send you non-marketing commercial communications;
3.2.8.
send you email notifications that you have specifically requested;
3.2.9.
send you our email newsletter, if you have requested it (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require the newsletter);
3.2.10.
send you marketing communications relating to our business which we think may be of interest to you, by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications);
3.2.11.
deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to our website;
3.2.12.
keep our website secure and prevent fraud;
3.2.13.
verify compliance with the terms and conditions governing the use of our website.
3.3.
All our website financial transactions are handled through our payment services provider, WorldPay Ltd. You can review the provider's privacy policy at http://www.worldpay.com/uk/privacy-policy. We will share information with our payment services provider only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing payments you make via our website, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds.
4. Disclosing personal information
4.1.
We may disclose your personal information to any of our employees, officers, insurers, professional advisers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.
4.2.
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group of companies (this means our branch offices, subsidiaries, ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.
4.3.
We may disclose your personal information:
4.3.1.
to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
4.3.2.
in connection with any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings;
4.3.3.
in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);
4.3.4.
to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset that we are (or are contemplating) selling;
4.3.5.
to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information.
4.4.
Except as provided in this policy, we will not provide your personal information to third parties.
5. International data transfers
5.1.
Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this policy.
5.2.
Information that we collect may be transferred to the following countries which do not have data protection laws equivalent to those in force in the European Economic Area, including, but not exclusively, the United States of America, Russia, Japan, China and India.
5.3.
Personal information that you publish on our website or submit for publication on our website may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use or misuse of such information by others.
5.4.
You expressly agree to the transfers of personal information described in this Section 5.
6. Retaining personal information
6.1.
This Section 6 sets out our data retention policies, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal information.
6.2.
Personal information that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
6.3.
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 6, we will retain documents (including electronic documents) containing personal data:
6.3.1.
to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
6.3.2.
if we believe that the documents may be relevant to any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings; and
6.3.3.
in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk).
7. Security of your personal information
7.1.
We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
7.2.
We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure (using a combination of password, firewall and encryption) servers.
7.3.
All electronic financial transactions entered into through our website will be protected by encryption technology.
7.4.
You acknowledge that the transmission of information over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
7.5.
You are responsible for keeping the password you use for accessing our website confidential.
7.6.
We will not ask you for your password, other than for logging into our website.
8. Amendments
8.1.
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
8.2.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
8.3.
We may notify you of changes to this policy by email or login announcement on our website.
9. Your rights
9.1.
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you; provision of such information will be subject to:
9.1.1.
the payment of a fee (currently fixed at GBP 10.00); and
9.1.2.
the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity (for this purpose, we will usually accept a photocopy of your passport certified by a solicitor, plus an original copy of a utility bill showing your current address).
9.2.
We may withhold personal information that you request to the extent permitted by law.
9.3.
You may instruct us at any time not to process your personal information for marketing purposes.
9.4.
In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.
10. Third party websites
10.1.
Our website may include hyperlinks to, and details of, third party websites.
10.2.
We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of third parties.
11. Updating information
11.1.
Please let us know if the personal information that we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
Part 2: Cookies
12. About cookies
12.1.
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
12.2.
Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
12.3.
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
12.4.
Cookies can be used by web servers to identity and track users as they navigate different pages on a website and identify users returning to a website.
13. Our cookies
13.1.
We use both session and persistent cookies on our website.
13.2.
We use persistent cookies to:
13.2.1.
facilitate navigation around our website and maintain web page attributes; and
13.2.2.
identify logged-in users by reference number so that the web content is tailored for them.
13.3.
We use session cookies to store:
13.3.1.
error and feedback messages and form field values;
13.3.2.
shopping cart data for users who aren't logged in;
13.3.3.
the page URL when it's not accessible to a user who isn't logged in, so that they can be re-directed there when they do log in; and
13.3.4.
various preferences and order details during the check-out process.
14. Analytics cookies
14.1.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website.
14.2.
Our analytics service provider generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies.
14.3.
The analytics cookies used by our website have the following names: _utma, _utmb, _utmc and _utmz.
14.4.
The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website.
14.5.
Our analytics service provider's privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
15. Blocking cookies
15.1.
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies; for example:
15.1.1.
in Internet Explorer (version 10) you can block cookies using the cookie handling override settings available by clicking "Tools", "Internet Options", "Privacy" and then "Advanced";
15.1.2.
in Firefox (version 24) you can block all cookies by clicking "Tools", "Options", "Privacy", selecting "Use custom settings for history" from the drop-down menu, and unticking "Accept cookies from sites"; and
15.1.3.
in Chrome (version 29), you can block all cookies by accessing the "Customise and control" menu, and clicking "Settings", "Show advanced settings" and "Content settings", and then selecting "Block sites from setting any data" under the "Cookies" heading.
15.2.
Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
15.3.
If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
16. Deleting cookies
16.1.
You can delete cookies already stored on your computer; for example:
16.1.1.
in Internet Explorer (version 10), you must manually delete cookie files (you can find instructions for doing so at http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835);
16.1.2.
16.1.2.	in Firefox (version 24), you can delete cookies by clicking "Tools", "Options" and "Privacy", then selecting "Use custom settings for history", clicking "Show Cookies", and then clicking "Remove All Cookies"; and
16.1.3.
in Chrome (version 29), you can delete all cookies by accessing the "Customise and control" menu, and clicking "Settings", "Show advanced settings" and "Clear browsing data", and then selecting "Delete cookies and other site and plug-in data" before clicking "Clear browsing data".
16.2.
Deleting cookies will have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.
16.3.
If you delete cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
Part 3: Our details
17. Data protection registration
17.1.
We are registered as a data controller with the UK Information Commissioner's Office.
17.2.
Our data protection registration number is Z1994494.
17.3.
Our details:
17.3.1.
This website is owned and operated by Gigatronix Ltd.
17.3.2.
We are a company registered in England and Wales under registration number 3989729 and our registered office is at Zullard House, 4 Downley Road, Havant, Hampshire, PO9 2NJ.
17.3.3.
Our principal place of business is at Zullard House, 4 Downley Road, Havant, Hampshire, PO9 2NJ.
17.3.4.
You can contact us by writing to the business address given above, by email to sales@gigatronix.co.uk or by telephone on +44(0)23 92454412.
Login
Email address
Password
Login
Forgotten password?
Create a Website Account
Make the most of our site and all its features.Register here!
Online Ordering
Add items to your shopping cart. Pay by card or charge to your account.
Advanced Search
Search by your part number, competitor cross referenceand more.
Product Overview
Take a summary look at our extensive range of coaxial connectors, push-pull precision latching connectors, cables and cable assemblies.
Capabilities
If you can't find what you need in our standard product range we can manufacture to your specifications. View our Capabilities page for more details.
About Gigatronix
Capabilities
Resources
Product Overview
Terms & Policies
Terms & Conditions of Use
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions of Sale
Services & Support
Advanced Search
Login
Registration
Contact Us
Email: sales@gigatronix.co.uk
Tel: +44 (0)23 9245 4412
Go to contact page
Gigatronix Ltd © 2016