http://www.wje-architects.com/privacy-policy
News
About
Contact
Search
Expertise
Services
Engineering
Bridge Engineering
Construction Engineering
Fire Protection and Life Safety
Geotechnical and Geological
Heavy Movable Structures
Materials Engineering
Metallurgy and Applied Mechanics
Seismic Engineering
Structural Engineering
Architecture
Architectural Finishes and Materials
Building Enclosures
Building Science
Enclosure Commissioning
Historic Preservation
Laboratory
Materials Evaluation and Testing
Product Development, Evaluation, and Testing
Research
Structural Load and Fatigue Testing
Field
Building Enclosure Testing
Condition Evaluation
Construction Observation and Troubleshooting
Difficult Access and Drone Survey
Instrumentation and Monitoring
Nondestructive Evaluation
Structural Load Testing
Forensics
Failure and Damage Investigation
Litigation Consulting
Design
Design-Build
Design Review
Repair and Rehabilitation
Systems and Components
Markets
Clients from a variety of markets and industries rely on WJE professionals to listen to their needs, inform them of all available options, and develop a solution that delivers value.
Buildings
Construction
Energy
Industrial
Infrastructure
Insurance
Testing and Research
Laboratories
Janney Technical Center
With a team of industry-leading engineers and scientists, WJE's Janney Technical Center provides advanced testing and forensic capabilities to solve the most technically challenging problems related to structures, construction materials, and manufactured components.
People
Extraordinary people continue to be the foundation of our success. Our engineers, architects, and materials scientists have expertise in developing solutions for all aspects of new and existing structures.
Projects
SEARCH FORWJE PROJECTS
Our team has investigated, tested, and repaired more than 125,000 projects involving almost every type of construction material, structural system, and architectural component. We’ve extended the life of countless structures, improved the construction industry's understanding of why structures fail, and formulated numerous ways in which they can be preserved.
Knowledge
Articles
Building on more than sixty years of finding innovative solutions to construction-related problems, WJE recognizes the value of knowledge sharing and collaboration, not just among our employees but with our industry colleagues as well.
Webinars
Our employees benefit from the opportunity to learn from their colleagues through an ongoing WJE internal education initiative that utilizes webinars to share knowledge and insights with one another. In addition, we host webinars for our clients and friends of WJE. Here we present a variety of those programs for your education.
Videos
Experience WJE's capabilities, project work, laboratories, and company culture as told by our staff and clients in this selection of videos.
Presentations
WJE encourages its engineers, architects, and materials scientists to contribute to the ongoing dialogue of the built world through the sharing of presentations at conferences, seminars, and other educational forums. Please check back on a regular basis to see where a WJE expert will be speaking next.
Websites
WJE has developed informational websites containing general information regarding specific facade and seismic ordinances in various cities throughout the United States and California, respectively. These websites are intended for use by individuals seeking an introduction to facade and seismic ordinances.
FACADEORDINANCE.COM
SEISMICORDINANCES.COM
Careers
Careers at WJE
WJE offers a career alongside the best and brightest in our industry. We work on fascinating projects. Clients worldwide seek our expertise to solve the most significant, interesting, and challenging problems of the built world. Whether you bring years of experience to the team or you're just starting your career, WJE is a great choice.
Job Openings
Benefits
FAQ
Recruiting
Offices
OFFICES
With global capabilities, WJE can respond quickly to assignments around the world. WJE's Northbrook, Illinois, campus includes our headquarters and one of the most advanced facilities anywhere for construction-related investigations, instrumentation, and research.
AMERICAS
Atlanta
Austin
Boston
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Doylestown
Honolulu
Houston
Indianapolis
Los Angeles
Minneapolis
New Haven
New York
Northbrook
(Global HQ)
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Portland
Princeton
Raleigh
San Antonio
San Diego
San Francisco
Seattle
South Florida
Washington, DC
EUROPE
London
News
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect only the information you provide us in the form you fill out when you subscribe to our newsletter or fill out other forms. We do not otherwise collect your information when you visit our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information in the following ways:
To send periodic e-mails. The e-mail address you provide will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to topics relevant to this site.
To improve customer service. Your information helps us more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To improve our website. We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
Do we use cookies?
No.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not disclose any information except to the extent necessary for our agents to assist us in operating our website. They agree to use it only to the extent necessary to assist us in operating our website.
Third-party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include links to third-party content or services on our website. These third parties may not be subject to our policies.
Your consent
By using our site, you consent to this Privacy Policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we'll post those changes on this page.
For more information
Send us an e-mail at info@wje.com or visit the Contact page.
Home
Expertise
Projects
Knowledge
Careers
Offices
News
About
Contact
Terms of Use
Legal & Compliance / Privacy Policy
Wiss, Janney, Elstner Associates is committed to helping our clients solve, repair, and avoid problems in the built world. Supported by unparalleled laboratory and field testing capabilities, our team of engineers, architects, and materials scientists brings an enthusiasm for problem solving and a hands-on technical approach to every challenge.
Ask the Structure and Solutions for the Built World are trademarks of Wiss, Janney, Elstner Associates, Inc.
© COPYRIGHT WISS, JANNEY, ELSTNER ASSOCIATES, INC., NORTHBROOK, ILLINOIS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Subscribe to WJE News
Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Instagram
Youtube