https://www.squiz.net/our-privacy-notice
Close
Close
Search
Search powered by Funnelback
Squiz named a leader in Omdia's selecting a digital experience management solution report. Download the report today!
Our Privacy Notice
Close modal
Squiz's approach to privacySquiz takes its responsibilities regarding privacy seriously and complies with all laws and regulations to the extent they apply in the jurisdictions in which Squiz conducts business. A summary of the key elements of Squiz's privacy notice is shown below.This privacy statement explains the reason for the processing, the way we collect, handle and ensure protection of all personal data provided, how that information is used and what rights you may exercise in relation to your data (the right to access, rectify, block etc.).Squiz Privacy NoticeSquiz is strongly committed to protecting your privacy when you use our services or interact with us.This Privacy Notice explains:when this Privacy Notice applies;what information we collect and why we collect it;our use of cookies to collect information and how you can control or delete these cookies;how we may disclose that information;how you can access and update the information we hold about you;how we protect your information.1. When this Privacy Notice appliesThis Privacy Notice applies to all personal information collected by Squiz from you or other individuals.2. What personal information we collect and why we collect itWe collect personal information including your name, email address, telephone number and your organisation's name and location.We collect information about you because:you have provided it to us – for example, if you contact us to ask us questions or make comments or participate in a community forum;we need it to provide a product or service that you have requested – for example, if you receive support services from us;we would like to improve our services – for example, through the collection and analysis of statistical and research data and use of cookies;you register to attend a Squiz event;you apply for a job with us;you work for us; orfor purposes directly related to the above.3. How we collect informationBroadly, there are two types of information or data we collect:(a) Information that you specifically give usIn some instances, you must provide personal information if you wish to receive a particular service or participate in an activity.You may choose to provide some personal information which is not required but is directly related to our functions and activities. This type of information will usually enable us to improve or broaden the services we offer you. If you choose not to provide this optional information, we would still be able to offer you the service although it may be with fewer options than if you had provided the optional information.If you provide us with unsolicited information that we do not require or which is not directly related to our functions or activities, we may be required to destroy or de-identify that information, provided it is lawful and reasonable to do so.In some instances, you will be asked to confirm that you agree to a particular activity such as expressly agreeing that you would like to receive our newsletter or other marketing communications. You can always opt out of receiving emails from us by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email or by visiting our email subscription management page here (www.squiz.net/unsubscribe).(b) Automatic collectionWe may use a feature of your browser called a cookie to assign your computer a 'User ID'. Cookies do not contain information by which we can identify you – they only identify your computer to our servers.Cookies are used by our website to enable certain functionality, to remember the preferences of our users and to monitor how the site is being used. They help us to enhance the usability of the website and to personalise our content to better suit your needs.Generally, these cookies expire at the end of each browsing session. You may, however, restrict or block those cookies through your browser settings. Please refer to your browser's 'Help' function or visit www.aboutcookies.org for detailed information about how to do this on a wide variety of browsers. Please note that if you disable any, or all, cookies you may have a degraded user experience.4. How long do we keep your information?We will retain your information for as long as necessary for the uses set out in this Notice. If you ask us to delete your information before that time, we may not be able to do so, due to technical, legal, regulatory and contractual constraints. For example, we would need to retain your name and contact details for suppression purposes if you do not want to receive direct marketing from us.If you ask for your account to be closed, we will do this as soon as is reasonably possible subject to any applicable terms and conditions relating to the account. Personal information from closed accounts is retained in order to comply with legal obligations, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed or to resolve disputes.If we withdraw a product or service, such as an online forum, we may either archive or delete the information you have provided to it.5. Who has access to your informationSquiz, and the other Squiz entities in the Squiz group (being Squiz Australia Pty Ltd, Squiz Inc, Squiz (Scotland), Squiz Limited Squiz Poland sq. z.o.o. and Squiz UK Limited) will have access to your information for use in accordance with this Notice.We may pass your information to suppliers we use to provide services that involve using data on our behalf, for example for delivery services or market research agencies. We may also use suppliers to collect your information on our behalf but the use of your information will still be subject to this Notice.If we provide to you a service that is dependent on age or residency and we have an obligation to verify this information then we may pass your details to a third party to carry out the verification for us.We will only disclose your information to third party companies for their purposes, including marketing, when we have your permission to do so.6. Information transfersWhen you provide us with your information or use our services, we may transfer your information to processors outside the European Economic Area but will do so with appropriate measures and controls in place to protect that information in accordance with applicable data protection legislation.When you give us information about another person, you confirm that they have appointed you to act for them and agreed to the transfer of their information abroad.7. Cookies used on this siteGoogle AnalyticsTMWe use Google AnalyticsTM to measure which pages on our site attract the most interest and to inform our content strategy so we can ensure we deliver the best quality content possible.Marketo®Marketo helps us learn what specific solutions you might be seeking so that we can provide you with the most relevant content on our site, at events or in email communications.Personalisation CookieWe have built a personalisation feature that tailors content to your country and the industry it appears you might be from. We do this by using your IP address and map that to a country to serve up local content like case studies and the contact details of your nearest office.FullstoryThis is similar to Google AnalyticsTM in that it allows us to track how you move through the site. We use it to monitor use of our site in real time to make sure we're providing useful and relevant content to you.8. Disclosure of informationWe may share your personal information within the wider Squiz group of companies (the "Squiz Group").Otherwise, we do not share personal information with other companies, organisations and individuals unless one of the following circumstances applies:with your consent – we will share your personal information when we have your consent to do so;third party suppliers who provide services to us as set out above in 5;for legal reasons; orif we sell part or all of our business, customer information may be one of the transferred business assets. If this happens, your information may be disclosed to any successors of our business for them to use for the purposes set out in this Notice. 9. User Access and ControlAccessYou may request a copy of your personal information from any Squiz company which may hold about you (we expect in all but exceptional circumstances to carry out free of charge). You can also ask us to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information (which is free).You can make such a request by sending us an email to privacy@squiz.net or your Account Manager or Business Development Manager.If particular circumstances apply, we are permitted by the Privacy Act to deny your request for access or limit the access we provide. We will let you know why your request is denied or limited.Updating your informationPlease ensure you update your personal information or tell us if it changes or is inaccurate. You can update your details, for example your email address, through the “My Account” or an equivalent section if you are a subscriber. You may also email our Member Services team at privacy@squiz.net Controlling direct marketingYou can change your mind about receiving direct marketing from us by contacting us using the details below or by following the unsubscribe instructions in the communication.Controlling other communicationsYou can control communications such as bulletins and other information about your chosen services by following the unsubscribe instructions in the communication. You may still receive other communications that are relevant to your chosen services but do not relate to that specific type of communication. Where this is the case, you will be able to unsubscribe from these communications in the same way.10. Protecting your informationWe are committed to keeping secure the personal information you provide to us. We take all reasonable precautions to protect the personal information we hold about you from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.Our web site may contain links to third party web sites. Whilst such links are provided for your convenience, you should be aware that the information handling practices of the linked web sites might not be the same as ours.11. Changes to our Privacy NoticeWe may, from time to time, review and update this Privacy Notice. All information held by us will be governed by the most recently updated notice.12. Who to contactIf you have any questions or concerns in relation to our Privacy Notice, please contact us by sending an email to privacy@squiz.net.Google Analytics is a trade mark of Google Inc. Marketo is a registered trade mark of Marketo Inc.
Back to the top of this page