http://www.ironbank.com/privacy/
Skip to Main ContentAdjust Contrast( Press C )Text Size( Press T )Sitemap( Press S )Accessibility Statement( Press A )Close Toolbar( Press Escape )Questions?
Contact Us!AccessibilityOptionsSkip to main content
Mobile Navigation
Personal
Business
Lending
Resources
About Us
Privacy
Open an Account
Apply for a Loan
Contact
Branches
Rates
Search
Privacy Policy
Rev. April 2010Privacy FactsFactsWhat does National Iron Bank do with your personal information?Why?Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.What?The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. The information can include:Social Security numberAccount balancesPayment historyTransaction historyCredit historyMortgage rates and paymentsWhat you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.How?All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons National Iron Bank chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.Reasons we share dataReasons we can share your personal informationDoes National Iron Bank share?Can you limit this sharing?For our everyday business purposes -such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureausYesNoFor our marketing purposes -to offer our products and services to youYesNoFor joint marketing with other financial companiesNoWe don't shareFor our affiliates' everyday business purposes -information about your transactions and experiencesNoWe don't shareFor our affiliates' everyday business purposes -information about your creditworthinessNoWe don't shareFor nonaffiliates to market to youNoWe don't shareQuestions?Questions?Call 860-435-2581 or go to www.ironbank.comWhat we doWhat We DoHow does National Iron Bank protect my personal information?To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.How does National Iron Bank collect my personal information?We collect your personal information, for example, when youOpen an accountApply for a loanApply for financingGive us your contact informationMake a wire transferWe also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.Why can't I limit all sharing?Federal law gives you the right to limit onlysharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthinessaffiliates from using your information to market to yousharing nonaffiliates to market to youState laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.DefinitionsDefinitionsAffiliatesCompanies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.National Iron Bank has no affiliates.NonaffiliatesCompanies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.National Iron Bank does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.Joint MarketingA formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.National Iron Bank doesn't jointly market.National Iron Bank is committed to protecting our customer’s personal privacy and the confidentiality of customer information. Please view our Privacy Policy.At National Iron Bank, the basis of each customer relationship is trust. You have chosen to do business with National Iron Bank, and we are obligated to honor that relationship with great care, beginning with the information you have chosen to share with us. We believe that your privacy should not be compromised. At the same time, we want to offer you the array of financial products and services you need to accomplish your financial goals. We believe we can do both through the privacy policy outlined below.At National Iron Bank, we believe the confidentiality and protection of customer information is one of our fundamental responsibilities. And while information is critical to providing quality service, we recognize that one of our most important assets is our customers’ trust. Thus, the safekeeping of customer information is a priority for National Iron Bank.We collect, retain, and use information about you only where we reasonably believe that it will help administer our business or provide products, services, and other opportunities to you. We collect and retain information about you only for specific business purposes – and we will tell you why we are collecting and retaining it upon your request. We use information to protect and administer your records, accounts, and funds; to comply with certain laws and regulations; to help us design or improve our products and services; and to understand your financial needs so that we can provide you with quality products and superior service.We continually strive to maintain complete and accurate information about you and your accounts. Should you ever believe that our records contain inaccurate or incomplete information about you, please notify us. We will investigate your concerns and correct any inaccuracies.Each National Iron Bank employee is required to follow our Bank’s “Code of Ethics” which states that all customer information is considered private and privileged and is to be used solely for the purpose of providing you with the finest service available.We safeguard information according to established security standards and procedures, and we continually assess new technology for protecting information. Our employees are trained to understand and comply with these information principles.When the Bank conducts business with third parties, it requires its vendors and suppliers to maintain similar standards of conduct regarding the privacy of personally identifiable customer information provided to them.At National Iron Bank, we value our customer relationships. We want you to understand how we use the information you provide and our commitment to ensuring your personal privacy. If you have any questions about how National Iron Bank protects your confidential information, please call your local branch or contact us at 195 Main Street, P. O. Box 565, Salisbury, CT 06068-0565.The National Iron Bank’s Privacy Policy to be disclosed to its customers via public posting of the Policy in the Bank’s lobbies, customer handouts, as part of the new account packets for deposits and loans, and as statement stuffers.View our Privacy Policy.Online Privacy and SecurityThe privacy and security of the communications between you (your computer or mobile device's internet browser) and our servers is ensured using cryptography. Cryptography scrambles data exchanged between your browser and our online banking server. Encryption happens as follows:When you go to the sign-on page for online banking, your browser establishes a secure session with our server. This secure session is established using a protocol called Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) Encryption.This protocol requires the exchange of what are called public and private keys. Keys are random numbers chosen for that session and are only known between your Internet browser and our online banking server.After the keys are exchanged, your browser will use the numbers to scramble (encrypt) the data sent between your browser and our server. Both sides require the keys because the data needs to be de-scrambled (unencrypted) when it is received.The SSL protocol not only ensures privacy, but also ensures that no other browser can "impersonate" your browser, nor alter any of the data that is transmitted. You can tell whether your browser is in secure mode by looking for a lock symbol at the bottom of your browser window.The numbers used as encryption keys are similar to combination locks. The strength of encryption is based on the number of possible combinations that a lock can have. As the number of possible combinations increases, it becomes less likely that anyone or any other computer would be able to match the combination in order to decrypt the message. Internet browsers offer 40-bit or 128-bit encryption. Both result in a large number of combinations, 2 to the 40th and 2 to the 128th power. Our online banking servers require the use of 256-bit encryption to ensure the highest level of security for your data.An additional level of security is achieved through the use of proxy-based firewalls which route only authorized traffic, your log in attempt and requests for account data, to our online banking servers. These firewalls isolate your account data from the outside world and protect it from all unauthorized traffic.Information Collected on the InternetNational Iron Bank does not require you to provide any personal information to obtain access to our website (except for information obtained through "cookies" as described below). Personal information from visitors to our website is often provided on a voluntary basis. For example, you may provide information to apply for a product or to use our online banking service. We do not disclose any personal information about visitors to our website except in accordance with our general privacy policy that is provided to our customers, or as otherwise permitted by law.The law requires parental consent to collect or use information from a child under 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. Please do not provide us with any personal information if you are under the age of 13.The National Iron Bank website and our Internet Banking system may, from time to time, contain links to other sites. The Bank is not responsible for the privacy or security practices employed by these third party sites. We recommend that you review their privacy policy before you provide any personal information.National Iron Bank may also collect non-personal information about you or your online activities whenever you visit our web site. We may use standard software to collect non-identifying information about our visitors, such as:Date and time our site was accessedIP address (A numeric address given to servers connectedWeb browser usedCity, state, and countryThe information detailed below may be collected and used to measure the number of visitors (but only in an aggregate and non-personally-identifiable form) to the Bank's web sites and web pages, and to help make the web site more useful.Use of any financial tools and calculators on our web siteThe dates and times that you access a Bank web sitethe web pages you visitIf you link to a Bank web site from other web sites, the address(s) of the other web sitesThe types and versions of browser and operating systems you use to access a Bank web siteThe Internet Service Providers ("ISP") and Internet Protocol ("IP") addresses from which you access a Bank web site (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the web)The actions you try to perform (for example, downloading a document) and whether you are successfulNational Iron Bank may place "cookies" on your computer when you visit our web site. These are files that enable our web site to recognize return visitors. Cookies are lines of text that are transmitted to your web browser when you click on a link. Your browser stores the information on your hard drive and when you return to that site later, the cookie is transmitted back to the server that originally sent it to you. If you are an online banking customer and you choose to accept your computer as a secure device, a cookie will be placed on the device so you do not have to answer the security questions every time you log in. This is the only information stored and it is only stored on your personal device. National Iron Bank does not store any of your personal information in our cookies. The cookies we use are only for site management purposes and do not contain any sensitive information such as your password or account number.
Give your funds a safe place to flourish.With a great rate and the flexibility to make withdrawals, you can yield the bountiful benefits of our Harvest Money Market.
Learn More
Manage your money on your schedule.Access our complete suite of Online Banking tools 24/7 and enjoy enhanced banking convenience.
Enroll Now