https://www.morningstar.com/cookie-policy
Advertisement
Skip to Content
Learn
Start Investing
Investing Classroom
Investing Glossary
Help Center
Plan
Tax Planning
Personal Finance
Save for College
Save for Retirement
Invest in Retirement
Research
Mutual Funds
Stocks
ETFs
Bonds
Best Investments
PortfolioMarkets
Investing
Learn
Start Investing
Investing Classroom
Investing Glossary
Help Center
Plan
Tax Planning
Personal Finance
Save for College
Save for Retirement
Invest in Retirement
Research
Mutual Funds
Stocks
ETFs
Bonds
Best Investments
Portfolio
Markets
For Professionals
Research & Insights
Advisor Insights
Featured Reports
Morningstar Magazine
The Investor Success Project
ESG Investing
Licensed Research
Software & Data Services
Morningstar Direct
Morningstar Office Cloud
Morningstar Advisor Workstation
Morningstar Data
PitchBook
Morningstar Enterprise Components
Money Management
Morningstar Retirement Manager
Morningstar Managed Portfolios
Morningstar Indexes
Conference
All Products & Services
Company
Who We Are
Work Here
Newsroom
Investor Relations
Global Contacts
Cookie Policy
Effective Jan 1, 2020
This Cookie Policy explains how Morningstar and its affiliates (collectively, “we”) use cookies, pixels and
similar technologies (collectively, “cookies”) when you visit our sites. This Policy should be read together with
our Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use.
This Policy applies to visitors to our United States site. If you would like information about how our
international sites use cookies, we encourage you to visit those sites’ cookie policies.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small file which can be stored on your device when you access our site and is then sent back to us
each time you visit our site. Cookies are useful because they allow us to recognize your device and your
preferences.
How do we use cookies?
We use cookies to know whether you’re logged in to our site, recognize the products and services you subscribe to,
remember your preferred site language, location and other preferences, and show you advertisements relevant to
your interests. We use session cookies (which last until you close your browser) and persistent cookies (which
last until you or your browser deletes them). These cookies fall into two broad categories; “essential cookies,”
which originate from us and are necessary for us to provide you with our services, and “non-essential cookies,”
which typically originate from third parties and are not required for you to use our services.
Essential Cookies
We use essential cookies for the following purposes:
Authentication—we use cookies to allow you to sign into our services and stay signed in
throughout one or multiple site visits.
Subscription—we use cookies to recognize that you’ve bought our Premium service and make sure
you’re able to view the content and tools that you’ve paid for.
Site Language—we have many sites across the world, and we use a cookie to make sure you see our
site in a language commonly used in your country.
Non-Essential Cookies
We use non-essential cookies for the following purposes:
Analytics—our third-party partners use cookies to provide us with analytics services. These
partners, including Google Analytics, use cookies to help us understand how our customers use our sites.
Advertising—our third-party partners also use cookies to provide advertising services. These
partners, including Bing Ads, The Trade Desk, and Google Marketing, use cookies to show you ads that they
believe may interest you.
While cookies may store your personal information on your device, Morningstar and its partners won’t use cookies
to store your information outside of your device.
How to manage cookies
Most browsers (for example Edge, Chrome or Safari) allow you to choose whether to accept cookies through your
browser settings.
Some of our products and services depend on cookies. If you disable these essential cookies through your browser,
you may not be able to use a specific product, service, or feature of that product or service, and you may have to
provide us with information that cookies would otherwise remember, including information about your identity and
preferences.
How we revise this statement
Our business frequently changes, and we may need to update this policy to reflect those changes. When we make
changes to this policy, we’ll revise the “last updated” date at the top of this page.
If you would like to learn more about the personal information we collect and use, please visit our
Privacy Statement, contact us at
privacy@morningstar.com or write us at the
following address:
Morningstar, Inc.
22 W. Washington St.
Chicago, IL 60602
Attn: Chief Privacy Officer