http://www.calcollectors.net/privacypolicy.asp
Member Log-in
Locate a Member
Contact CAC
Home
About
About CAC
Board of Governors
Committees
Regions
Meet CAC Staff
ACA International
Resources
Collector's Ink Magazine
Advertising
Regulation of the Industry
FDCPA
Rosenthal ACT
FTC
Industry Links
Legislative
PAC and L&L Funds
Legal
Find Your Legislator
Bill Search
Events
Calendar
Meetings & Conferences
Regional & Webinar Events
Membership
Membership Information
General Membership
Membership Directory
MAP Attorney
Associate Membership
Vendors
Vendor Members Directory
Vendor Membership Program
Advertising Information
Consumers
Consumer Hotline
FAQs
Regulation of the Industry
Identity Theft
not a member?
Contact us to receive more information:
Emails on Upcoming Events/ Educational Programs
Membership Information
Collector's Ink subscription
More Information
pDF trouble?
If you have difficulties opening any PDF file, you may need to download the latest Adobe Reader:
cac privacy policy
Site information use & reproduction
The California Association of Collectors, Inc. provides information and services on the Internet as an informational benefit and service in furtherance of the California Association of Collector's nonprofit mission. All materials posted on this web site are subject to copyrights owned by the California Association of Collectors, Inc. (CAC) and other individuals or entities.
CAC members are granted, as a user of this website, the limited permission to reproduce or reprint all or any part of any material, document(s), or information ("Works") on this web site solely for such user's individual "personal use" and for such use only. Such personal use reproduction or reprinting is authorized only as long as the copyright notice contained in that Works, or portion thereof, is included in such reproduction or reprinting. The permission so granted for "personal use" does not include the right to electronically retransmit or e-mail Works on this web site. All other reproduction, retransmission or reprinting of all or any part of any document found in this web site is expressly prohibited, unless CAC or other copyright owner of the material has expressly granted its prior written consent. Notwithstanding permission to use any Works is granted by CAC, such Works remain the copyrighted property of CAC or the copyrighted author, who retains the sole and exclusive rights to the Works, and all other rights are reserved.
Notice Of Logo Use
The "CAC" name, logo, and any other marks which are indicated as being a service mark or a logo, are the exclusive property of CAC, and any use of the names, trademarks, service marks and logos of CAC without CAC's express written permission is prohibited. All other product names mentioned in this web site are the trademarks of their respective owners.
Links to Other Sites
The California Association of Collectors, Inc.'s site includes links providing direct access to other Internet sites, which are not part of or affiliated with the California Association of Collectors, Inc. The California Association of Collectors, Inc. has not participated in the development of, does not have any interest in, and does not exert any editorial or other control over those sites. Any person using a link to another web site is encouraged to maintain and observe appropriate security and privacy protection policies in communicating with or to any such web site.
Privacy Policy
As a member of the California Association of Collectors, Inc., certain information may be maintained about you by CAC. That information is used solely for the purpose of CAC and its duties as the Official State Unit of ACA International, Inc. Information obtained about you through this web site may be used for that purpose, and CAC does not use or share personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above.
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How to contact us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at (916) 929-2125 or send us an email at ewise@amgroup.us.
Home | About | Resources | Products/Services | Events | Membership | Vendor Members | Consumer Information | Site Map
One Capitol Mall, Suite 800 | Sacramento, CA 95814 | Tel: (916) 929-2125 | Fax: (916) 444-7462
©2019 CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF COLLECTORS, INC., All Rights Reserved
Email CAC | Privacy Policy