http://www.tickettoaster.com/legal/privacy.php
Ticket Toaster Online Traffic School
Home | Student Sign In
Privacy Policy
Introduction
By using Ticket Toaster and/or the web site TicketToaster.com
(collectively referred to as Ticket Toaster) you agree to
the terms of the Ticket Toaster Online Privacy
Policy, as outlined below. If you do not agree to these terms, please
do not use these sites.
Collection of Personal Information
You may access and read some of our web sites without giving us any
information that identifies you. However, when you engage in certain
activities on these web sites, such as obtaining your traffic school
certificate of completion or viewing copyrighted course information, Ticket Toaster may ask
you to provide certain information about yourself and/or your organization
by filling out and submitting an online form. It is completely optional
for you to fill out the form and/or engage in these activities. Should
you choose not to do so, however, it may be impossible for Ticket Toaster to
provide the certificate or course information that you are seeking.
Should you do so, Ticket Toaster may require that you provide us with personal
information, such as your name, organization name, mailing address,
email address and other identifying information. Further, should you
choose to use a credit or debit card to pay Ticket Toaster, you may be asked
to provide a card number, expiration date and name of cardholder.
Ticket Toaster performs all transactions using secure servers.
Ticket Toaster collects this information in order to record and support your
participation in the online traffic violator school course. For example,
Ticket Toaster may use the information that you provide in order to verify
the details of any certificate issued to you. Among other things,
Ticket Toaster uses the information in accordance with its obligations to participating
rights holders to identify uses of copyrighted materials provided
by those rights holders, which obligations vary from Ticket Toaster program
to program. Details about such obligations under any particular Ticket Toaster
program are available from Ticket Toaster upon request. Ticket Toaster does not, however,
share information with rights holders (i) about individuals within
Ticket Toaster's organizational customers, (ii) about credit or debit card
details, or (iii) about the use of OTHER rights holders' copyrighted
materials.
Ticket Toaster recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use
of this information. Therefore, except as disclosed above, we do not
release or sell lists of our customer names to any outside organization.
Further, your personal information is password-protected to prevent
unauthorized access to it. This password is encrypted and we recommend
that you not disclose your password to anyone.
Please be advised that Ticket Toaster is not responsible for the content or
privacy practices of any other web site to which TicketToaster.com,
Ticket Toaster.com or any other Ticket Toaster web site may link.
Use of Cookies
When you visit TicketToaster.com, Ticket Toaster.com, or
any other Ticket Toaster web site, you can surf some areas of the site anonymously
and read information without revealing your identity. In order to
improve our sites we use "cookies" to track your visit. A cookie is
a small string of data that is transferred to your browser from a
Web site and can only be read by the Web site that gave it to you.
It acts as an identification card, and can record your preferences
(if you have identified yourself to the Web site) and possibly your
course status. It cannot be executed as software code or deliver viruses.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your
browser to refuse cookies, or to notify you when you receive a cookie,
giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. Ticket Toaster does not
presently include any Web pages that are inaccessible without a cookie,
but Ticket Toaster reserves the right to create such pages, in which case you
will be given the option to accept the cookie necessary for such access.
While Ticket Toaster uses cookies to track your visit to any Ticket Toaster Web site,
this information does not identify you personally and you remain
anonymous unless you have otherwise provided Ticket Toaster with personal information.
Changing Our Records of Your Personal Information
You have the right to correct your personal information. This may
be accomplished by contacting Ticket Toaster via phone, fax, mail or email.
Please include your name and drivers license number when you contact
us and please be specific about your request.
Last updated on August 22nd, 2005.
sign up
contact us
privacy
terms
frequent questions
home
California DMV License # E1870