http://www.formglas.com/legal
Subscribe
|
Stay Connected To Formglas | 1.866.635.8030
Home
File Uploads
Company
About Formglas
Formglas Advantage
Dedication to Quality
Manufacturing Process
Education Center
LEED Information
Careers
FAQ
Projects
By Application
By Segment
By Material
Ceilings
Columns
Decorative Interior
Decorative Exterior
Facades
Pilasters
Running Trim
Walls
New Project Feature
All Projects
Materials
Concreet™
CorniceStone™
FRP
GFRC-L
GFRG
MetalCast®
QuarryCast®
Woodgrane™
Samples
By Category
By Material
By Application
Standard
Custom Texture
Custom Color
Custom Color & Texture
Faux Wood
Patterns
Decorative
Screens
Perforated
Downloads
Product Data Sheets
Material Specifications
Typical Drawing Details
SDS
Installation Instructions
LEED Information
Project Feature Sheets
Brochures
Conditions of Sale
Warranty
Contact
General Contacts
Asia
Australia
Canada
Caribbean
Europe
Middle East
New Zealand
United States
Our Legal Terms
This site is owned and operated by Formglas Products Ltd. ("Formglas" or "we" or "us" ) located at 181 Regina Road, Vaughan, Ontario, Canada, L4L 8M3.For questions regarding this Website or its policies, please contact webmaster@formglas.com.
Terms of Use
(“Terms”)
Please read this policy before using this Website.
By accessing and using the site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to the Terms.
We may amend the Terms at any time, therefore, you should review the Terms each time you visit the Website.
Use Restriction
We give you permission to electronically copy and print portions of this Website for your personal use. We retain rights on all content and intellectual property including trade, word and service marks, designs, graphics, text, logos, compilations of data, and software.
Any other use of this Website without our written permission is prohibited.
This includes, but is not limited to, modification, distribution, modification, posting, transmission, republication, or sale of any of the content.
You may not use Formglas' trademarks on any other web site, including as a "link" to any other web site, unless you have received written permission from us.
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
Unless expressly provided otherwise, we provide this web site and all of its content "as is" and without express or implied warranties.
This includes warranties or representations, implied or express, of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
We do not warrant uninterrupted or error free use of the Website or that its servers are free of viruses or other harmful components, although we take reasonable steps and endeavor to provide secure and continuous access. We make reasonable efforts to place accurate information on this Website, but we are unable to assume liability for any errors or omissions in Website content.
Under no circumstances shall we be liable for any damages (including direct, incidental, consequential, special, or punitive damages, or attorney's fees) resulting from the use or inability to use this Website, or from any errors or omissions in Website
content, whether or not we have been advised of the possibility of these damages.
Please note that some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of certain warranties. If these laws apply to you, some of the above disclaimer may not apply to you and you may have additional rights.
However, if you disagree with the Terms, you have the choice not to use the Website.
Applicable Laws
This Website is intended and directed to architects, designers and contractors and all advertising and claims contained in this site are valid only in the areas that we conduct our business.
You are responsible for ensuring that any information provide is applicable to your jurisdiction and the laws therein.
Any claim relating to this Website including its use and the Terms shall be governed by the laws of the province of Ontario, Canada. Your use of this Website constitutes your consent to jurisdiction in courts of competent jurisdiction in the province of Ontario to resolve any claim arising from, or relating to this Website, including the terms.
Our Privacy Policy
Formglas Products Ltd. ("Formglas" or "we" or "us") supports the highest standards of integrity as it relates to online visitors.
When you visit or register on our Website, we respect your privacy. This policy sets forth how we handle information obtained from you, including:
The choices available to you regarding how the information is used and to whom it is disseminated
Your rights to have personally-identifiable information deleted
Our commitment to have reasonable security procedures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information collected
Information We Collect and How We Use It
We may collect two types of information about you when you visit our site and or subscribe to ongoing communication:
personal information (including, by way of example only, your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address)
non-personal, aggregate information (such as information regarding the pages on our site that you have visited and your IP address)
Personally-Identifiable Information
The only personally-identifying information we collect and store about you is the information that you volunteer to provide to us.
Electronic Mail
We gather personally-identifiable information when you send us an e-mail. We use this information to respond to your message.
We may use the information to send you notifications about our service or to request your permission for ongoing communication by e-mail at a later date.
Business Partners/Professional Visitors
Business partners and professional visitors voluntarily requesting access to specialized content areas of this web site may be required to provide identifying information to complete their user profile.
Information Sharing
We may share your personally-identifiable information within Formglas. We will not share your personal information with others for promotion of non-Formglas products or services.
We may be required by law to share your information with government or law-enforcement agencies if requested by court order, search warrant or other similar legal means.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
Our Website may collect non-personally identifiable information during your visit, such as type your browser type, operating system, domain name, or IP address. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet. Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address. When you visit pages on our Website, our servers log your IP address.
This collection of information may be used to only to improve the service of our Website, such as but not limited to, optimizing the presentation of content for certain desktop or mobile browsers.
We also collect information through "referrers" and various environmental variables. A "referrer" is information the web browser passes along to our web server that references the URL from which you came. "Environmental variables" include, among other things, the domain from which you access the Internet, the time you accessed our web site, type of web browser and operating system or platform used, the Internet address of the web site you left to visit our Website, the names of the pages you visit while at our web site, and the Internet address of the web site you then visit. We collect all of this information to allow us to detect broad demographic trends, to provide information tailored to your interests and to enhance your experience on our Website.
We may store "referrer" information for a limited period of time prior to deleting this information.
Profiling
To help us improve our web site and to ensure that we make every effort to provide you with information and offers that are of interest to you, we may analyze your personally-identifiable information with aggregated non-personally identifiable data capture via click-streams and our servers.
We may also develop a non-identifiable profile on you based on the pages within our site that you visit.
Links
This web site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that they visit. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected when you visit our web site.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Website so you will always be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Special Policy Regarding Information from Children under 13 Years of Age
This web site is not targeted to children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly request personally identifiable information from any child under the age of 13 without parental consent. When we do receive such information, we delete it as soon as we discover it and do not use it or share it with third parties.
Choice
Formglas provides the following choices regarding the use of your information:
You may choose not to provide us with any contact information.
You may set your browser to erase cookies that have already been placed on your hard drive.
You may email us at webmaster@formglas.com if you wish to have any personally identifiable information changed or deleted.
Security
We make every effort to have reasonable security procedures in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control. If you have any questions about the security at our Website, you can send an email to webmaster@formglas.com.
Home
|
Legal
|
Site Map
© 2020 Formglas Products Ltd.
All rights reserved.