https://www.titanconveyors.com/privacy
Home »
Privacy
Privacy Statement
Titan Industries Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology
that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy
applies to the Titan Industries Inc. Web site and governs data collection and usage.
By using the Titan Industries Inc. website, you consent to the data practices described
in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Titan Industries Inc. collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail
address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Titan Industries Inc. also
collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as
your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically
collected by Titan Industries Inc.. This information can include: your IP address,
browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This
information is used by Titan Industries Inc. for the operation of the service, to
maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use
of the Titan Industries Inc. Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information
or personally sensitive data through Titan Industries Inc. public message boards,
this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Titan Industries Inc.
does not read any of your private online communications.
Titan Industries Inc. encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites
you choose to link to from Titan Industries Inc. so that you can understand how those
Web sites collect, use and share your information. Titan Industries Inc. is not responsible
for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Titan Industries Inc.
and Titan Industries Inc. family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Titan Industries Inc. collects and uses your personal information to operate the Titan Industries Inc.
Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Titan Industries Inc. also uses
your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services
available from Titan Industries Inc. and its affiliates. Titan Industries Inc. may also
contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services
or of potential new services that may be offered.
Titan Industries Inc. does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Titan Industries Inc. may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business
partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases,
your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone
number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Titan Industries Inc.
may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send
you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All
such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to
provide these services to Titan Industries Inc., and they are required to maintain
the confidentiality of your information.
Titan Industries Inc. does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such
as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Titan Industries Inc. keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within
Titan Industries Inc., in order to determine what Titan Industries Inc. services are
the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising
within Titan Industries Inc. to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested
in a particular subject area.
Titan Industries Inc. Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice,
only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is
necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process
served on Titan Industries Inc. or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or
property of Titan Industries Inc.; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect
the personal safety of users of Titan Industries Inc., or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Titan Industries Inc. Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online
experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page
server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the
domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save
you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned
to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Titan Industries Inc. pages, or
register with Titan Industries Inc. site or services, a cookie helps Titan Industries Inc.
to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process
of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses,
and so on. When you return to the same Titan Industries Inc. Web site, the information
you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Titan Industries Inc.
features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically
accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies
if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience
the interactive features of the Titan Industries Inc. services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Titan Industries Inc. secures your personal information from unauthorized access,
use or disclosure. Titan Industries Inc. secures the personally identifiable information
you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from
unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit
card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use
of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.We may share information as defined belowWith others working for our company such as our web development company. This website uses certain trusted third parties (for example, providers of customer support and IT services) to help us provide, improve, protect, and promote our website. These third parties will access your information only to perform tasks on our behalf in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Changes to this Statement
Titan Industries Inc. will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect
company and customer feedback. Titan Industries Inc. encourages you to periodically
review this Statement to be informed of how Titan Industries Inc. is protecting your
information.
Contact Information
Titan Industries Inc. welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that Titan Industries Inc. has not adhered to this Statement, please
contact Titan Industries Inc. at garyh@titanconveyors.com.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the
problem.