https://www.midwestarboristsupplies.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
This privacy policy sets out how Midwest Arborist Supplies uses and protects any information that you give Midwest Arborist Supplies when you use this website.
Midwest Arborist Supplies is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Midwest Arborist Supplies may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 03/31/16.
What we collect  We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
We may provide your information to our third party partners for marketing or promotional purposes.
We will never sell your information.
Security  We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies  A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following way:
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@midwestarboristsupplies.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to 1730 Olson St., Grand Rapids, MI 49503.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Product categoriesAlturn-A-Mats (13)
ArborJet Chemical/ Equipment (109)
Arborjet Chemicals (17)
ArborJet Equipment (92)
Diagnostic Equipment (1)
Insecticides (3)
Back Packs (39)
Books & Videos (17)
Book and DVD Sets (3)
Books (17)
Bucket Truck Harnesses/ Accessories (17)
Cabling/ Bracing supplies (71)
Chain Saw Equipment (51)
Chain Saw Accessories (10)
Chain Saw Bars & Chain (36)
Chemicals & Biological Products (50)
Arborjet Chemicals (10)
Fruit Eliminator (1)
Fungicides (13)
Growth Regulator (1)
Horticultural Oil (2)
Horticultural Soap (1)
Insecticides (15)
Macro-Injection Products (1)
Miscellaneous Chemicals (2)
ROW Herbicides (6)
T & O Herbicides (3)
Chipper Knives (29)
Chipper Knives (29)
Climbing 101 (25)
Climbing Gear (244)
Bags for Rope & Gear (12)
Bucket Truck Accessories (3)
Carabiners (34)
Climbing Accessories (50)
Climbing Rope (30)
Climbing Spikes (29)
Personal Lanyards (19)
Saddles (16)
Snaps (6)
Split Tails & Prusiks (17)
Throwline & ThrowBags (26)
Communication Systems (3)
Diagnostic Equipment (26)
Fertilizers & Soil Supplements (31)
Adjuvants (1)
Arborjet Chemicals (4)
Biostimulants (3)
Doggett Fertilizers (7)
Macro-Injection Products (3)
Micro Nutrients (4)
Nickel (1)
Nu-Arbor Fertilizers (3)
Plant Health Care Fertilizers (3)
Plant Health Care Mycorrhizae Products (3)
Remke Tablets (2)
Landscaping Supplies (27)
Drip Irrigation Bags (3)
Staking Equipment (1)
Trunk Protection (1)
Logging Tools (11)
Macro-Injection Products (9)
Fungicides (1)
Macro-Injection Products (5)
Macro-Injection Supplies (2)
Mauget Micro-Injection (30)
Antibiotics (1)
Combinations (4)
Mauget Fertilizers (6)
Mauget Fungicides (6)
Mauget Insecticides (13)
NEW PRODUCTS (23)
Nu-Arbor Fertilizers (9)
Pruning Equipment (126)
Bucket Truck Accessories (4)
Hand Pruners (26)
Hedge Shears (2)
Logging Tools (6)
Loppers (3)
Pole Pruners & Pole Saws (44)
Saws & Sheaths (42)
Rigging 101 (16)
Rigging equipment (71)
Pulleys & Blocks (16)
Rigging Hardware (11)
Rigging Rope (21)
Slings & Straps (23)
Safety Equipment (81)
Apparel (2)
Eye (20)
Face Protection (1)
First Aid (12)
Hand Protection (8)
Head Protection (17)
Hearing Protection (6)
Leg (2)
Traffic Control (10)
Spray/ Soil application tools (31)
Root Feeders (7)
Soil Injector (3)
Spray Guns (17)
Spray Hose (4)
Stump Grinding (38)
Stump Teeth (27)
XMAS Gifts 4 your ARBORIST (16)
Search for:
Shop
Tax Exempt?
Events
Contact Us
Login
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site.
To find out more, read our updated privacy policy and cookie policy.
ACCEPTRead MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?