http://www.danpostboots.com/pages/privacy-policy
Search
Search
MensWomensKidsCowboy bootsWork boots
Sale
Dingo 1969
Shopping cart
close
No products in the cart.
Shop our Brands
Shop our brands
Dan Post
Cowboy Certified
Laredo
Cowboy Approved
Dingo
McRae
Dingo 1969
Code West
SHOP OUR BRANDS
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
My account
Find retailer
Contact us
Dealer Login
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: July 1, 2018
This Privacy Policy applies to information that Dan Post Boot Company, Inc., a Tennessee corporation, with offices at 1759 Alpine Drive Clarksville, TN 37040 (“Dan Post,” “we,” “us” or “our”) collects on www.danpostboots.com or any related website or service in or to which this Privacy Policy is linked orreferenced (collectively, the “Services”).
YOUR PRIVACY IS IMPORTANT TO US. PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY TO LEARN ABOUT THE INFORMATION THAT DAN POST COLLECTS FROM YOU AND HOW DAN POST USES THAT INFORMATION. BY USING THE SERVICES YOU CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION, USE AND TRANSFER OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY PART OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, THEN PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SERVICES. PLEASE BE AWARE THAT DAN POST AND ALL ASSOCIATED SERVICES AND SYSTEMS ARE HOUSED ON SERVERS IN THE UNITED STATES AND CANADA. IF YOU ARE LOCATED OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES OR CANADA, INFORMATION WE COLLECT (INCLUDING COOKIES) ARE PROCESSED AND STORED IN THE UNITED STATES AND CANADA, WHICH MAY NOT OFFER THE SAME LEVEL OF PRIVACY PROTECTION AS THE COUNTRY WHERE YOU RESIDE OR ARE A CITIZEN. BY USING THE SERVICES AND PROVIDING INFORMATION TO US, YOU CONSENT TO THE TRANSFER TO AND PROCESSING OF THE INFORMATION IN THE UNITED STATES AND CANADA.
1. SCOPE
This Privacy Policy describes the information that Dan Post collects (directly or indirectly) and why we collect it, what we do with the information we collect and how you can manage your Personal Data (defined below). This Privacy Policy does not apply to any website or service that does not display or link to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and made a part of Dan Post’s Terms of Service. If you have not done so already, please also review the Terms-Conditions.
2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Personal data is information that directly or indirectly identifies you, such as your name, email address mailing address, and phone number (“Personal Data”).Payment information is information required for payment processing, such as credit or payment card number, expiration date, cvv number, billing address, company name, and other information required for payment processing (“Payment Information”). Other information is information that, by itself does not individually identify you, such as browser type, operating system, the webpages you viewed and how long you viewed them (“Other Information”). We may link together different types of Other Information or link Other Information to Personal Data. If linked information directly or indirectly identifies an individual person, Dan Post treats the linked information as Personal Data. In this Privacy Policy, to “process” Personal Data means to perform any operation on Personal Data,whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organizing, storing, adapting, use, disclosure, combining, erasing or destroying.
3. HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION
Dan Post collects information:
--When you register for the Services: When you register for the Services, we collect your name, email address, and password.
--When you use the Services: We may ask for contact information such as your name, address, telephone number, email address, contact preferences, employer/company, and other information related to your interests.
--We collect this information so that we may: keep you informed about Dan Post and provide you with information.
--When you order products through the Services: We may ask for your name, address, phone number, email address, contact preferences, company and country.
--When you make a payment through the Services: If you make a payment to Dan Post, we will ask for Payment Information and other information requested for processing your payment.
We use a third party payment processor, currently Shopify and Google Payments, (“Payment Processors”) to assist in securely processing your Payment Information. The Payment Information that you provide through the Services is encrypted and transmitted directly to Shopify. We do not store your Payment Information and do not control and are not responsible for Shopify or its collection or use of your information. You may find out more about how Shopify stores and uses your Payment Information by accessing the Privacy Policy for Shopify’s services (see https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy). If youchoose to use Google Payments (“G Pay”) to make purchases through the Services, you will be directed to the G Pay website and provide your Payment Information directly to G Pay. G Pay’s privacy policy applies to the information you provide on the G Pay website. Through Server Logs: A server log is a list of the activities that a server performs. Dan Post’s servers automatically collect and store in server logs your search queries, Internet Protocol (IP) address, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL and certain cookies that identify your browser or Dan Post account.
From Your Computer, Tablet or Mobile Telephone: We collect information about your computer, tablet or mobile telephone (“Device”), such as model, operating system version, mobile network information, telephone number, internet service provider and similar identifiers. Dan Post may associate your Device information with your Dan Post account. We may collect and store information (including Personal Data) on your Device through browser web and web application data caches.
Through Data Collection Technology: We use cookies, pixel tabs (also known as web beacons, flash cookies and clear GIFs) and similar technology (“Data Collection Technology”) to automatically collect information (including Other Information) about you when you use the Services. Please read below tolearn more about how Dan Post uses Data Collection Technology. Dan Post generally does not treat Other Information as Personal Data unless required by applicable law.
4. DATA COLLECTION TECHNOLOGY
Data Collection Technology collects all sorts of information, such as how long you spend on various webpages in the Services, which webpages you view, your search queries, error and performance reports, as well as Device identifier or IP address, browser type, time zone and language settings and operating system.Data Collection Technology deployed through the Services includes cookies and web beacons.
Web Beacons: A web beacon (also called a pixel tag or clear GIF) is computer code that communicates information from your Device to a server. Some of Dan Post’s content and emails may contain embedded web beacons that allow a server to read certain types of information from your Device, allow us to count the number of people who have viewed content, to know when youopened an email message and the IP address of your Device. Web beacons help Dan Post develop statistical information to provide better and more personalized content.
Cookies: Cookies are small text files that are sent to or accessed from your web browser or your computer’s hard drive. A cookie typically contains the name of the domain (internet location) from which the cookie originated, the “lifetime” of the cookie (i.e., when it expires) and a randomly generated unique number or similar identifier. A cookie also may contain information about your computer, such as user settings, browsing history and activities conducted while using the Services.
The Services use the following cookies:--Strictly necessary cookies, which are required for the operation of the Services. Without them, for example, you would not be able to register or log in for the Services that Dan Post offers.--Analytical/performance cookies, which allow Dan Post to recognize and count the number of visitors, learn how visitors navigate the Services and improve the Services.--Functionality cookies, which Dan Post uses to recognize you when you return to the Services.To learn more about cookies and web beacons, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.Dan Post also uses analytics services, such as Google Analytics, to collect Other Information. Generally analytics services do not identify individual users. Many analytics services allow you to opt out of data collection. For example, to learn more about Google Analytics practices and to opt out, visit www.google.com/settings/ads or by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.How Dan Post Uses Data Collection Technology: Some Data Collection Technology is deployed by Dan Post when you visit the Services. Other Data Collection Technology is deployed by third parties with which Dan Post partners to deliver the Services. Data Collection Technology helps us improve your experience of the Services by, measuring the success of marketing campaigns, compiling statistics about use of the Services and helping us analyze technicaland navigational information about the Services. We also may use Data Collection Technology to collect information from the Device that you use toaccess the Services, such as your operating system type, browser type, domain and other system settings, as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone in which your computer or Device is located.
Your Control of Cookies: Some web browsers (including some mobile web browsers) provide settings that allow you to control or reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your Device. Although you are not required to accept cookies or mobile device identifiers, if you block or reject them,you may not have access to all features available through the Services.
Do Not Track: Some web browsers (including Safari, Internet Explorer, Firefox and Chrome) incorporate a “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) or similar feature that signals to websites that a user does not want to have his or her online activity and behavior tracked. If a website that responds to a particular DNT signalreceives the DNT signal, the browser can block that website from collecting certain information about the browser’s user. Not all browsers offer a DNT option and DNT signals are not yet uniform. For this reason, many website operators, including Dan Post, do not respond to DNT signals.
5. HOW WE PROCESS PERSONAL DATA
Dan Post processes Personal Data:--To set up and maintain your registration with the Services;--To fulfill purchases made through the Services;--To process payments;--To communicate with you;--To deliver relevant content to you;--To provide features through the Services;--To prevent and investigate fraud and other misuses of the Services;--To protect our rights and property;--To operate, manage and improve the Services; and--To ensure the technical functionality and security of the Services.
Dan Post processes Other Information:--To administer and improve the Services and your experience on the Services;--To analyze trends and gather broad aggregate demographic information;--To statistically monitor how many people are using the Services or opening our emails;--To develop, improve and protect the Services;--For audience research;--To audit and analyze the Services; and--To ensure the technical functionality and security of the Services.
6. HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
We may share Personal Data collected via the Services with:
Service Providers: Dan Post shares information with Dan Post’s other third-party service providers that perform services on our behalf, such as payment processing, marketing, event registration, web hosting, or data storage. For example, we use Shopify to power our online store—you can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Data here: https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy. These third party companies may use your contact information for communications and marketing purposes that support our mission and activities. You are under no obligation to respond and the companies are restricted from using your contact information for any other purpose. Dan Post will ensure that any service provider with which we share Personal Data agrees to safeguard it in substantially the same manner asDan Post has described in this Privacy Policy and in accordance with all applicable laws. Dan Post may aggregate information collected though the Services and remove identifiers so that the information no longer identifies or can be used to identify an individual (“Anonymized Information”). Dan Post shares Anonymized Information with third parties (our sponsors) and does not limit thirdparties’ use of the Anonymized Information because it is no longer Personal Data.Dan Post may share Personal Data if Dan Post is involved in a merger, sale, acquisition, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, bankruptcy or other change of ownership or control (in whole or in part). Dan Post requires that the shared Personal Data remain subject to the promises made in thethen-current Privacy Policy, unless and until you agree to a new privacy terms.
Applicable law may require Dan Post to disclose your Personal Data if:
(i) reasonably necessary to comply with legal process (such as a court order, subpoena or search warrant) or other legal requirements;
(ii) disclosure would mitigate Dan Post’s liability in an actual or threatened lawsuit;
(iii) necessary to protect legal rights of Dan Post, users, customers, business partners or other interested parties; or
(iv) necessary for the prevention or detection of crime (subject in each case to applicable law).
California Shine the Light Law: California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users who are California residents to obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of third parties to whom we have disclosed personal information (if any) for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and you wish to make such a request, please send an e-mail with “California Privacy Rights” in the subject line to customercare@danpostboots.com or write us at:
Dan Post Boot Company, Inc., 1751 Alpine Drive, Clarksville, TN 37040.
7. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
The Services are not directed to or intended for use by minors. Consistent with the requirements of applicable law, if we learn that we have received any information directly from a minor without his or her parent’s verified consent, we will use that information only to respond directly to that child (or his or her parent or legal guardian) to inform the minor that he or she cannot use the Services andsubsequently will delete that information.
California Minors: While the Service is not intended for anyone under the age of 18, if you are a California resident who is under age 18 and you are unable to remove publicly-available content that you have submitted to us, you may request removal by contacting us at: customercare@danpostboots.com
When requesting removal, you must be specific about the information you want removed and provide us with specific information, such as the URL for each page where the information was entered, so that we can find it. We are not required to remove any content or information that: (1) federal or state law requires us or a third party to maintain; (2) was not posted by you; (3) is anonymized so that you cannot be identified; (4) you don’t follow our instructions for removing or requesting removal; or (5) you received compensation or other consideration for providing the content or information. Removal of your content or information from the Service does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of that content or information from our systems or the systems of our service providers. We are not required to delete the content or information posted by you; our obligations under California law are satisfied so long as we anonymize the content or information or render it invisible to other users and the public.
8. SECURITY OF PERSONAL DATA
Dan Post takes precautions intended to help protect information that we process but no system or electronic data transmission is completely secure. Any transmission of your Personal Data is at your own risk and we expect that you will use appropriate security measures to protect your Personal Data. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account credentials for the Services. Dan Post will treat access to the Services through your account credentials as authorized by you. Unauthorized access to password-protected or secure areas is prohibited and may lead to criminal prosecution. We may suspend your use of all or part of the Services without notice if we suspect or detect any breach of security. If you believe that information you provided to us is no longer secure, please notify us immediately using the contact information provided below. If we become aware of a breach that affects the security of your Personal Data, we will provide you with notice as required by applicable law. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Dan Post will provide any such notice that Dan Post must provide to you at your account’s email address. By using theServices, you agree to accept notice electronically.
We retain Personal Data in identifiable form only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the Personal Data was provided to Dan Post or, if longer to comply with law legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to enforce agreements and similar essential purposes.
9. ACCESSING OR UPDATING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
You may request access to your Personal Data or correct and error or omission in your Personal Data by contacting us at customercare@danpostboots.com or write us at:
Dan Post Boot Company, Inc.1759 Alpine DriveClarksville, TN 37040(833) 821-1295
We will make good faith efforts to resolve requests to correct inaccurateinformation except where the request is unreasonable, requires disproportionate technical effort or expense, jeopardizes the privacy of others, or would be impractical.
10. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICYIf we change this Privacy Policy, we will post the updated Privacy Policy and its effective date on this page. If Dan Post makes material changes that reduce your privacy rights, Dan Post will notify you in advance by sending you an email and/or by posting a notice in the Services.
11. HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about how we handle your Personal Data, then you may contact us at customercare@danpostboots.com or write to us at:
Dan Post Boot Company, Inc.ATTN: Legal1759 Alpine DriveClarksville, TN 37040
Stay in the Loop
Want exclusive deals and sales? Sign up to find out first.
Powered By Discount Ninja
×
[[BODY]]
[[TIMER_FOOTER]]
[[ACTIONBUTTON1_LABEL]]
[[ACTIONBUTTON2_LABEL]]
×
[[HEADER]]
[[MINIMIZED]]
[[BODY]]
[[FOOTER]]
[[TIMER_FOOTER]]
Powered By Discount Ninja
[[TEXT]]
×
Powered By Discount Ninja
[[HEADER]]
[[BODY]]
[[FOOTER]]
[[ACTIONBUTTON1LABEL]]
[[ACTIONBUTTON2LABEL]]
[[NOTHANKSBUTTONLABEL]]
[[ACTIONBUTTON1LABEL]]
[[ACTIONBUTTON2LABEL]]
[[NOTHANKSBUTTONLABEL]]
[[TEXT]]
[[HEADER]]
Powered By Discount Ninja
[[BODY]]
[[QUANTITY_LABEL]]
[[PRICE_LABEL]]
[[TIER_ROW]]
[[PRICE]]
[[LABEL]]
[[HEADER]]
[[BODY]]
[[FOOTER]]
[[ROW]]