http://www.plascoat.com/thermoplasticcoatings_global/en_GB/about-us/policies-accreditation.html
Policies & Accreditations | Axalta Thermoplastic Powder Coatings
Third Party Website
You are now leaving our site. Thank you for visiting. A new browser window will open for you to view the third party website you have selected. We assume no responsibility for any material or information you may encounter on third party websites. We do not monitor and do not endorse any third party websites, products or content for which those links are provided. Third party websites may have privacy policies, terms of use and terms of sale that are different from the policies and terms of our website. To return to our site, please select the original browser window. Otherwise, continue to your destination.
Forward to external page
Cancel
Home
About
Policies & Accreditations
Policies & Accreditations
Axalta thermoplastic powder coatings is committed to providing products and services which meet customer’s needs. We aim to be the first choice of our customers by delivering products and services of uncompromising quality. Achievement of objectives is monitored. Good relationships with customers and suppliers of goods and services are regarded as important. The Quality Management System is regularly reviewed by the management, to ensure continuing suitability and statutory and regulatory requirements are fulfilled. Continual improvement is sought, and quality objectives are reviewed. This is achieved by ensuring that all employees understand their responsibilities relating to the Quality Management System and by ensuring that resources are available to meet customer needs. Every employee is responsible for quality.
Approvals
9001:2015 quality accreditation
Plascoat Systems is certified according to ISO9001:2015 for both company sites, Farnham and Zuidland.
Farnham ISO 9001 certificate
(PDF 485.7 kB)
Zuidland ISO 9001 certificate
(PDF 484.2 kB)
18001:2007 health & safety accreditation
The Plascoat Systems Farnham, UK site is accredited with the OHSAS 18001:2007 certificate.
OHSAS 18001:2007 certificate
(PDF 978.4 kB)
We Are Members of the Following Professional Bodies
Further information
Success Stories
Global Sales Network
Contact us