https://www.rayonier.com/privacy-policy/
$30.44
0.38 (0%)  VOLUME: 534,713
About Us
Company Snapshot
Mission, Vision and Strategy
Leadership
Office Locations
Our History
Media
Our Land Base
Portfolio Map
Portfolio Management
Property Access Status
Pope Resources Acquisition
Our Businesses
Forestry
Seedlings
Land Resources
Hunting And Recreation
Beekeeping
Real Estate
Sustainability
Responsible Stewardship
Governance and Oversight
Sustainable Land Management
Climate Change
People
Community and Public Policy
Our Stories
Careers
Grow With Us
Teams
Forestry
Real Estate
Land Resources
Support
Internships
U.S. Job Openings
New Zealand Job Openings
Career Resources
Career Day Website
Investors
Investor Relations Home Page
Financial Information
Quarterly Results
Annual Reports
Proxy Statements
SEC Filings
Stock Information
Stock Quote
Stock Chart
Historical Price Lookup
Investment Calculator
Stock Splits
Dividend History
Dividend Tax Treatment
Organizational Actions
Ownership Profile
News, Events & Presentations
Investor News
Upcoming Events
Past Events
Featured Presentation
Archived Presentations
Corporate Governance
Senior Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Committee Composition
Committee Charters
Governance Documents
Code of Conduct
Investor Resources
Investor Toolkit
Analyst Coverage
Investor FAQs
Email Alerts
Unsubscribe
Legacy Pope Resources
Investor News
Archived Investor Presentations
Historical Price Lookup
Quarterly Reports
Annual Reports
Historical Tax Package
Distribution History
SEC Filings
FAQs
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy outlines Rayonier Inc. (hereinafter “Rayonier”, “the Company”, “we”, “our” and “us”) uses and practices with the information it collects on this website. Your use of this website is conditioned upon your acceptance of those uses and practices.
Privacy Principles
We value your privacy and we make it a point not to ask for personally identifying information that we don't really need. As used herein “personally identifying information” means information about an individual which would enable the determination of the identity of the individual. Other than as described herein, as required by law or under exigent circumstances to protect persons and/or property, we won't knowingly disclose your personally identifying information to anyone.
Personal Information Collection
We collect personal information directly from you when you use certain portions of our Site. Specifically, we will collect personal information from you if you submit an inquiry to us, complete an online form, or participate in a survey. The scope of the information that we collect directly from you varies on your interaction with our Site.
We may accept job applications for employment at the Company through our Site, and we will collect personal information from you in connection with your application, such as your contact information, employment history, among other data. You also may sign up for updates on career opportunities with Rayonier.
We may automatically collect the following information about your use of our Site through cookies, web beacons, and other technologies: your domain name; your browser type and operating system; web pages you view; links you click; your IP address; the length of time you visit our Sites and or use our Services; the referring URL, or the webpage that led you to our Sites; and our access time, browser type, domain name, IP address and page views.
Registration
For the general public, registration is not necessary to be able to use this website. However, to use of certain functions of this website, such as to access the timber sales section, request information, subscribe news alerts, or apply for or receive updates on career opportunities, registration data with personally identifying information must be provided. This information may include your email address, password, full name, address, phone numbers, and/or other information incidental to providing you with requested information, goods or services. Your personally identifying information will be used to verify your registration and to contact you about website related concerns. We and our affiliates may also use your personally identifying information to inform you about other products and services, or to request your participation in surveys seeking your opinion relating to the subject matter of this website or offerings which may be of interest to you. We will not share your personally identifying information with outside third parties.
Log Files
Log files contain information that is made available by your web browser. This information, which is not personally identifying, is stored on our web server. It includes your browser type, language preference, referring site and the date and time of every page request. We collect this information to: understand how our website is used, be able to generate reports on the usage of our website, help with website administration, analyze user activities on the site, and collect information about our user base in general. We do not link the information contained in these log files to personally identifying information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
A cookie is a small text file that a website stores on your computer. It contains information that your browser provides to the website each time you return. They are used for record keeping purposes and so that information which you previously provided can be retrieved to facilitate your use of this website. A web beacon is a graphical image that serves to monitor your interaction with a website. We use web beacons, along with cookies and log files, to provide us with analytical information that we can use to improve website performance and user experience in general. We do not link this information to personally identifying information.
Managing Cookies
If you do not wish to enable cookies, you can adjust your browser settings before visiting our website and turn off cookies for it or our third party advertisers. However, disabling cookies may affect how our website and those of our advertising partners will function for you.
Links to Other Sites
Our website may contain links leading to other websites that are not owned or managed by us. We do not control how these third-party sites handle your information, and encourage you to check out the Privacy Policies of those linked websites before giving them any personally identifying information.
Monitoring
We may from time to time monitor and review information transmitted or received through our Site, or through telephone or e-mail communications, for quality assurance and other purposes. We reserve the right to censor, edit, remove or prohibit the transmission or receipt of any information that we deem inappropriate or in violation of our terms of use.
Security of Your Personally Identifying Information
Your personally identifying information will be stored in secured locations either at our offices or at the offices of our service providers. We employ safeguards to help protect the confidentiality and integrity of personally identifying information and to reduce the risk of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of personally identifying information. When personally identifying information is sent to our service providers, we require that they protect all personally identifying information in a manner consistent with the principles in this policy.
Opting-Out
As part of the registration process for this website, we give you the ability to receive commercial communications about Products and Services, updates to our website and advertisements and promotions that are targeted to you. We send these communications directly ourselves or via service providers. If you do not opt-out from receiving these communications, we will send them to you. At any time you may change your selection to receive or not receive these communications by contacting us at info@rayonier.com
Disclosures for Legal Purposes
At the Company’s sole discretion, Rayonier may disclose the information we collect from you in order to comply with the law, or a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a subpoena.
Changes
This Privacy Policy was last updated August 2015. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy as we deem necessary. A notification of change will be posted on this page.
Contact Information
If you have questions or concerns about (a) this Privacy Policy, (b) the collection, use, management or disclosure of your Personally Identifying Information, you may contact us as indicated below. We will attempt to respond to your questions or concerns promptly after we receive them. E-mail: info@rayonier.com.
Rayonier Hunting
|
Rayonier New Zealand
|
Media
|
Contact Us
Raydient Places + Properties
|
Rethink:Rural
|
Wildlight
|
Rayonier Seedlings
|
Timber Sales
|
OPG
© Copyright 2020, Rayonier Inc.
|
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Use
|
Sitemap
|
Insurance