http://www.ils-world.com/legal/terms-and-conditions
Legals
User Agreement
User Agreement
Category
Client Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
User Agreement
The ILS Group Limited Code of Conduct
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern ILS World's relationship with you in relation to this website.
For the avoidance of doubt this includes any correspondence by e-mail or through the enquires portal. If you do not agree with these conditions, do not use the website.
The term "ILS World" or "us" or "we" refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is:The ILS Group LimitedFirst FloorMillennium HouseVictoria RoadDouglasIsle of ManIM2 4RW
The term "you" refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice. You should check the website from time to time to view the current conditions.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of this agreement.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
The personal information you provide is subject to our privacy policy and the relevant data protection and privacy principles in the jurisdictions where we operate.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
You may not create a link to this website from another website or document without The ILS Group Limited prior written consent.
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of the Isle of Man.