http://www.clientservices.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Online Privacy Policy
Client Services, Inc. respects the privacy of its customers, as well as the privacy of visitors and users of its websites.  This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by this web site.  This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) is intended to inform you of our policies and practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of any personal information we obtain about you based upon your use of our website. “Personal Information” is information about you that is personally identifiable to you.  PLEASE CAREFULLY READ THIS STATEMENT BEFORE USING THE SITE, AS IT AFFECTS YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS.  This Statement does not apply to any other web sites or any offline activities by Client Services, Inc.
Information Collection
In general, you may visit the Site without telling us who you are or revealing any personally identifiable information about you. We do collect Personal Information that you submit to us voluntarily by the forms on this site.  We may gather such information, for example, when you use the Site to make a payment or request information.  The Personal Information we collect includes, but is not limited to, the following: name, mailing address, telephone number, e-mail address.
Cookies & Flash Objects
We do not use flash objects or cookies in connection with this site.
Information Use and Sharing
We do not sell your Personal Information to third parties. We do not share personal information with affiliates or third parties for the affiliates’ or third parties’ direct marketing purposes. We may share your information with Clients that maintain ownership of your deficiency account(s).   We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. In order to provide services for you, we may engage trusted Service Providers to assist us, and in connection with such assistance, we may provide them with Personal Information that you have provided that is necessary for them to assist us.  We use third parties to process online Web or IVR payments you make to us. These Service Providers are not authorized by us to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements.
We may disclose your Personal Information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on Client Services; or (b) to protect and defend the rights or property of Client Services, Inc. or users of our websites.
We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event that all or part of Client Services, Inc. or all or part of its assets are acquired by, merged with , sold to, or otherwise disposed of to one or more third parties (including, without limitation, in the event of bankruptcy).
We also may use third-party website analytics tools that collect information about visitor traffic on our sites and mobile applications.
Links to Other Sites
Our provision of a link to any other website or location is for your convenience. Please be aware that the terms of our Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites.  We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Security
Access to nonpublic personal information about you is restricted to those employees and Clients who have a need to know such information (e.g. to process your transactions or provide services to you).  Client Services uses a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
Maintaining Accurate Information
We have procedures in place that help us to maintain the accuracy of the personally identifiable information we collect.  If you believe that our information about you is not accurate Please contact us:
Contact us
Notice of Persons Accessing this Site Outside the United States
If you are accessing our website from a location outside of the Unites States, all information you provide on our Site will be transferred out of your resident country into the United States.  Do not provide information to us if you do not want your personally identifiable information to leave your country.  By providing personally identifiable information to us, you are explicitly consenting to the transfer of your information to the United States and will be bound by United States Law.
Contact Us
Should you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
Contact us
Changes to this Notice
We may add to, delete, or change the terms of the Online Privacy Policy from time to time by posting an amended Online Privacy Policy at this website.  Your continued use of our website or any online service following amendment will constitute your agreement to the revised Online Privacy Policy.
EnglishEspañol