https://www.thefreelancecopywriter.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Copywriting services
Copywriting for print, copyediting & proofreading
SEO copywriting services
Blog writing service
About me
Portfolio
Copywriting FAQs
Testimonials
Rates
Blog
Contact me
Cookie Policy
Your privacy is important to us. Our Cookie policy aims to give you full and honest information about the cookies that we use on our site, as well as the tools and knowledge to manage them. By continuing to browse our site, you consent to our placing cookies on your computer (unless you have chosen to disable them). However, if you do not allow cookies on your computer, certain elements of the site may not work.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a piece of data/text file that is placed in your computer’s memory when you visit a website. The information the cookie contains is set by a website’s server and, depending on the type of cookie, may be used each time you visit the website. Cookies are widely used to make websites work, or work more efficiently for you, the user, as well as to provide companies with information about traffic through the website.
Cookies are designed to remember things that you have done on a website in the past, which can include putting products in your basket, logging in, or clicking on links. This can save you time when you visit a website more than once.
Cookies can be used by websites in many ways:
To remember your preferences
To remember your password
To find out what the website doesn’t do well and make improvements to it in future
Allow you to share pages with social networks like Facebook
To keep a record of the products you’ve put in your shopping bag for next time you visit
To make personalised product recommendations, based on your previous times you’ve shopped on the website
Make sure advertising on other websites is relevant to you
They can also help us to see how many people are visiting our website and which pages are the most popular
And many other things too
Cookies are not dangerous. They are not computer programs and cannot be used to circulate viruses. They are not used to identify you personally. In fact, we will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source. If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will be upfront about this. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
Types of cookies
Session (or Transient) Cookies
Session cookies are stored in your computer’s memory for the length of your browsing session. They become inaccessible after the session has been inactive for a time and are automatically deleted from your computer when the browser is closed. They allow you to move from page to page without having to log in repeatedly.
Persistent (or Permanent) Cookies
Persistent cookies are cookies that are stored on your computer’s memory and not deleted when the browser is closed. They are used to remember your preferences for the website for next time you visit. They are also used to collect information about the numbers of visitors, the average time spent on a particular page and analyse shopping behaviour on the website. We use this information to find out how the well the website works and where it can be improved.
Flash Cookies (or Locally Shared Objects)
You probably have Adobe Flash installed on your computer. Websites that contain Flash can also store small files on your computer that are used in the same way as cookies.
Flash cookies can back up the data that is stored in other cookies. When you delete cookies, your Flash cookies are not affected, which means that a website may still recognise you if it backed up the deleted cookie information on a Flash cookie.
Opting out of Flash Cookies
If you’d like to control the use of Flash Cookies on your computer, Adobe’s website offers tools to do this. If you use Mozilla Firefox to browse the internet, you can use an add-on to find and delete Flash Cookies.
Advertising on other websites
We do not collect or use your data in any way to affect your online experience on any other website.
Sharing with social networks
If you use the buttons that allow you to share products and content with your friends via social networks, such as Twitter and Facebook, these companies may set a cookie on your computer memory. Find out more about these here:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
https://twitter.com/en/privacy#update
https://policies.google.com/privacy/update?hl=en-GB
Which cookies do we use?
Cookies used by us – First party cookies
Google Analytics
This is a behavioural tracking service that shows us what pages people have visited, for how long and it what order. It also tells us whether people are using desktops or mobile devices to view the website and other helpful information. This data helps us find out what can be improved on the website and how important it is.
Facebook
For information about how Facebook uses your data visit: http://en-gb.facebook.com/help/cookies/
Cookies used by us – Third party cookies
Share buttons (Facebook, Twitter and Google+)
E-newsletter
We use a third-party provider, Mailchimp, to deliver our monthly e-newsletter. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies including clear gifs to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see Mailchimp’s privacy policy.
What happens if I opt out of all cookies?
If you decide to opt out of all cookies set by www.thefreelancecopywriter, then certain sections of the website may not work or function fully. You will, however, still be able to browse our website.
If you disable Flash cookies, you will not be able to watch some of the videos on this site.
How do I opt out of cookies?
When you logged on to this website, you should have seen a notification about the use of cookies on this site.
You can manage the cookies that you allow on your computer through the internet browser that you use. You can even ask to be alerted every time a cookie is offered. There are instructions on how to manage your cookies using the most popular internet browsers below:
Find out which internet browser you use
On a PC: click on ‘Help’ at the top of your browser window and select ‘About’
On an Apple Mac: click on the Apple menu and select ‘About’ (make sure the browser is open)
Opting out of cookies in Internet Explorer
Internet Explorer allows you to select the level of cookie filter on the basis of the source of the cookie and whether the source has a privacy policy.
Choose ‘Tools’
Click on ‘Internet Options’
Click the ‘Privacy’ tab
Move the slider to choose your settings
For more detailed privacy settings, click on ‘Advanced’
Choose ‘Preferences’ from Safari menu
Select ‘Security’
Cookie settings are shown
Choose your settings
Opting out of cookies in Safari
Choose ‘Preferences’ from Safari menu
Select ‘Security’
Cookie settings are shown
Choose your settings
Opting out of cookies in Google Chrome
As a default, Google Chrome allows all cookies. You can manage the behaviour of first-party and third-party cookies or even block them completely.
Click on the ‘Tools’ menu
Select ‘Options’
Click the ‘Under the Bonnet’ tab
Find the ‘Privacy’ section
Click ‘Content settings’
Click the ‘Cookie settings’ tab and choose your settings
Opting out of cookies in Mozilla Firefox
You can configure which sites are allowed to set cookies, how long to keep them for, and view and manage your existing cookies.
Click on ‘Menu’, then ‘Options’
Select ‘Privacy’
Select ‘Cookies’
Choose your settings
Opting out of cookies in AOL
From the AOL toolbar, select ‘Settings’
Select ‘Internet Options’
Select ‘Use your Internet Explorer Settings to set advanced browser options’
Select the ‘Privacy’ tab
Select ‘Advanced’
Deselect override automatic cookie handling button
Choose your settings
Opting out of Flash Cookies
If you’d like to control the use of Flash Cookies on your computer, Adobe’s website offers tools to do this.
If you use Mozilla Firefox to browse the internet, you can use an add-on to find and delete Flash Cookies.
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, you can also visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
You can read about the EU e-Privacy Directive, the UK’s Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011, and the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) at www.ico.gov.uk
We may update our Cookie and Privacy policies from time to time, so would advise that you check them each time you visit the website.
Call me on 07960 958 820
Sign up here to receive my weekly newsletter, packed full of copywriting advice for small businesses
Email Address :
Facebook
1,304Fans
Post
72Post
Comment
119Comments
Like The Freelance Copywriter on FacebookIs this you? I can help!
Hot blog topicsarticles
blog copywriting
blogging
blogs
branding
briefing form
brochure
brochures
call to action
case studies
copyediting
copywriting
copywriting advice
copywriting for print
design
e-newsletters
ebooks
education
freelance copywriter
Google
Google Analytics
Google Authorship
guest blog
guides
headlines
healthcare
ideal customer
journals
landing pages
leaflets
Make it easy to buy from you
marketing
marketing copy
newsletters
proofreading
prospectuses
research
search engine optimisation
SEO copywriting
small business
small business blogs
social media
storytelling
tone of voice
websites
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright © 2020 The Freelance Copywriter Copywriting & SEO copywriting that makes a difference to your business
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks