https://www.prudential.com/links/privacy-center
Prudential Privacy Center
www.prudential.com
en
4bqYKa6bHMDAVjB2hi-yXKe
Asset Management
Skip to main content
{}
Z7_K8HEHHG0LOSFE0ANSH7LIE2OC0
Z7_G802HJS0M0VC20Q521CFV28PP3
Menu
Z7_G802HJS0M0EC40QMJSQG9E69Q3
Welcome to the Privacy Center
Prudential values your trust and respects your privacy. These resources can help you understand how we use your personal information and how you can manage your privacy choices.
Z7_K8HEHHG0L06610ATAS36BP1CS7
Assurance IQ, LLC a wholly-owned subsidiary of Prudential Financial, Inc. matches buyers with products such as life and health insurance and auto insurance, enabling them to make purchases online or through an agent. Neither Prudential Financial, Inc. nor Assurance IQ offers, underwrites, or administers health plans or health insurance policies.
LINK by Prudential is an umbrella marketing name for Prudential Customer Solutions LLC (“PCS”), Prudential Annuities Distributors, Inc. and various subsidiaries of The Prudential Insurance Company of America. Investment advisory products and services of LINK by Prudential are made available through PCS, an SEC registered investment adviser. PCS is not a licensed insurance agency or broker. Prudential LINK and LINK by Prudential occasionally may be referred to as LINK.
Where LINK by Prudential is made available in connection with certain Financial Wellness products, access is made available through Prudential Workplace Solutions Group Services (“PWSGS”). PWSGS provides access to a number of Financial Wellness products, services, seminars and tools offered by PWSGS, its affiliates or third parties. PWSGS is a subsidiary of Prudential Financial, Inc. PWSGS is not a licensed insurance company, does not provide insurance products or services and does not provide financial, investment or other advice. Individuals should consult appropriate professionals when making financial, investment and tax decisions.
The LINK by Prudential free consultation provides an overview of your financial life and proposes solutions for you to consider. You will not receive a written financial plan and/or investment recommendations.
The content on this website is being provided for informational purposes only and is not intended to be tax or legal advice by PCS, its affiliates or their financial professionals. Please consult with your tax and legal advisors regarding your personal circumstances.
In providing this information, neither PCS nor any of its affiliates or financial professionals is acting as your ERISA fiduciary.
Investing in securities involves risk, and there is always the potential of losing money. Asset allocation and rebalancing do not ensure a profit or guarantee against loss.
You should consider the features of the contract and/or the underlying portfolios’ investment objectives, policies, management, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. This and other important information is contained in the prospectus. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
Not Insured by FDIC or any Federal Government Agency | May Lose Value | Not a Deposit of or Guaranteed by the Bank or any Bank Affiliate.
All references to income certainty and guarantees, including optional benefits, are backed by the claims-paying ability of the issuing company and do not apply to the underlying investment options.
Prudential LINK financial representatives currently offer a more limited range of insurance and annuity products (“insurance products”) compared to the range of insurance products offered through other Prudential distribution channels.
For additional important information about the products, services and companies associated with LINK, please click here.* Opens in new window
This website is for U.S. persons Opens in new window and may not be approved in all states. Information contained on this site does not and is not intended to constitute an advertisement, solicitation, or offer for sale in any jurisdiction outside the United States, where such use would be prohibited or otherwise regulated.
Prudential, the Prudential logo, the Rock Symbol, Bring Your Challenges, Prudential LINK and LINK by Prudential are service marks of Prudential Financial, Inc. and its related entities, registered in many jurisdictions worldwide.
"Prudential Advisors" is a brand name of The Prudential Insurance Company of America and its subsidiaries.
Prudential Financial, Inc. of the United States is not affiliated in any manner with Prudential, plc, incorporated in the United Kingdom, or with Prudential Assurance Company, a subsidiary of M&G plc, incorporated in the United Kingdom
Template: 1000797-00005-00
Z7_G802HJS0M0PH60QHG0NJAF2TE4
How we protect your privacy
U.S. Consumer Privacy Notice
HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices
Online Privacy Statement
California Privacy Disclosure
California Notice at Collection
Limiting the information Prudential shares
Access or delete your data
Prudential named one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies®, PDF opens in a new window by Ethisphere for the sixth consecutive year.
Z7_G802HJS0M07D40QU4AVGNO31G6
Other resources
On Guard Online  Opens in a new window
FTC.gov  Opens in a new window
Keeping your personal information secure  Opens in a new window
Online security  Opens in a new window
Protecting kids online  Opens in a new window
National Do Not Call List  Opens in a new window
Direct Marketing Association’s Mail Preference Service  Opens in a new window
Back to top
close
Maybe Later
Enroll NowThis link will open in a new window
Close
Back to top