https://www.fppim.com/cookie-policy
COOKIE POLICY
& Personal Data
This Application collects some Personal Data from its Users.
Owner and Data Controller
FPP Asset Management LLP
Berkeley Square House,
Berkeley Square,
Mayfair,
London W1J 6DB,
United Kingdom
Owner contact email: privacy@fppim.com
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: Cookies and Usage Data.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
The Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Application.
All Data requested by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services. In cases where this Application specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without any consequences on the availability or the functioning of the service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by this Application or by the owners of third-party services used by this Application serves the purpose of providing the service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy, if available.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Application and confirm that they have the third party’s consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Data Controller processes the Data of Users in a proper manner and shall take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Data Controller, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of the site (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Data Controller at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Data Controller’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved with the processing are located. For further information, please contact the Data Controller.
Retention time
The Data is kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the User, or stated by the purposes outlined in this document, and the User can always request that the Data Controller suspend or remove the data.
The use of the collected Data
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its services, as well as for the following purposes: Analytics and Displaying content from external platforms.
The Personal Data used for each purpose is outlined in the specific sections of this document.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
WordPress Stats (Automattic Inc.)
WordPress Stats is an analytics service provided by Automattic Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
Google Analytics with anonymized IP (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
This integration of Google Analytics anonymizes your IP address. It works by shortening Users’ IP addresses within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the complete IP address be sent to a Google server and shortened within the US.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
Displaying content from external platforms
This type of service allows you to view content hosted on external platforms directly from the pages of this Application and interact with them.
This type of service might still collect web traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
Google Maps widget (Google Inc.)
Google Maps is a maps visualization service provided by Google Inc. that allows this Application to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
Google Fonts (Google Inc.)
Google Fonts is a typeface visualization service provided by Google Inc. that allows this Application to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data collected: Usage Data and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User’s Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Data Controller, in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related services.
The User declares to be aware that the Data Controller may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User’s Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Data Controller at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
The rights of Users
Users have the right, at any time, to know whether their Personal Data has been stored and can consult the Data Controller to learn about their contents and origin, to verify their accuracy or to ask for them to be supplemented, cancelled, updated or corrected, or for their transformation into anonymous format or to block any data held in violation of the law, as well as to oppose their treatment for any and all legitimate reasons. Requests should be sent to the Data Controller at the contact information set out above.
This Application does not support “Do Not Track” requests.
To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Data Controller reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. If a User objects to any of the changes to the Policy, the User must cease using this Application and can request that the Data Controller remove the Personal Data. Unless stated otherwise, the then-current privacy policy applies to all Personal Data the Data Controller has about Users.
Information about this privacy policy
The Data Controller is responsible for this privacy policy, prepared starting from the modules provided by iubenda and hosted on iubenda’s servers.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information regarding a natural person, a legal person, an institution or an association, which is, or can be, identified, even indirectly, by reference to any other information, including a personal identification number.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services employed in this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server’s answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User’s IT environment.
User
The individual using this Application, which must coincide with or be authorized by the Data Subject, to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Subject
The legal or natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)
The natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, association or organization authorized by the Data Controller to process the Personal Data in compliance with this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, association or organization with the right, also jointly with another Data Controller, to make decisions regarding the purposes, and the methods of processing of Personal Data and the means used, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application.
This Application
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Cookies
Small sets of data stored in the User’s device.
Legal information
Notice to European Users: this privacy statement has been prepared in fulfillment of the obligations under Art. 10 of EC Directive n. 95/46/EC, and under the provisions of Directive 2002/58/EC, as revised by Directive 2009/136/EC, on the subject of Cookies.
This privacy policy relates solely to this Application.
Latest update: July 01, 2020
STEWARDSHIP CODE
PILLAR 3 DISCLOSURE
DISCLAIMER
RTS 28 DISCLOSURE
COOKIE POLICY
PRIVACY
DISCLAIMER
The information contained in this website (“the Website”) is issued by FPP Asset Management LLP (“FPP”), Berkeley Square House, Berkeley Square, Mayfair, London W1J 6DB, United Kingdom.  FPP Asset Management LLP is authorised and regulated in the UK by the Financial Conduct Authority.  This is not intended to exclude or restrict any liability under the rules of Financial Conduct Authority (“the FCA Rules”) or FSMA.
The distribution of the information contained in the Website in certain countries may be restricted by law and persons who access it are required to inform themselves and to comply with any such restrictions. The information is not intended to be published or made available to any person in any jurisdiction where doing so would contravene any applicable laws or regulations.  All investments and services mentioned on this website are directed only at those who are Eligible Counterparties and Professional Clients as defined by the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 of the United Kingdom. Investments and services to which this website relates are available only to such persons.
By accessing the Website you confirm that you are aware of the laws in your own jurisdiction relating to the provision and sale of funds and related financial services products and you warrant and represent that you will not pass on or utilise the information contained in the Website in a manner that could constitute a breach of such laws by FPP or any other person. The Website does not constitute an offer or solicitation in any jurisdiction in which such an offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation.
The Website is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute investment, legal, tax or other advice or any recommendation to buy or sell any of the Funds or stocks mentioned.  Prospective investors should take appropriate professional advice before making any investment decision.  Investments in the Funds are to be made on the terms of the relevant prospectus and no reliance should be placed on the information contained in the Website.
FPP makes every effort to keep the content of the Website accurate and up to date and while the information contained in the Website has been taken from sources which FPP consider to be reliable, no warranty is given that such information is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon on as such. Any opinions expressed on the Website reflect FPP’s judgment at the date of issue of the relevant report and are subject to change without notice. FPP will not be responsible for any liability for loss or damage of any kind which arises, directly or indirectly, from the use of the information contained in the Website.
The value of investments may go down as well as up and may be affected by change in rates of exchange.  Investors may not get back the amount invested.  Reference should be made to the prospectus in respect of the relevant Fund for further details of the financial commitments and risks involved in connection with an investment in the each Fund.  Past performance is not necessarily a guide to future returns.
The Website is protected by copyright. The use of any trademarks and logos displayed on the Website without FPP’s prior written consent is strictly prohibited. Information on the Website may not be published or redistributed without FPP’s prior written consent.  FPP accepts no responsibility for the content, of any other websites linked to the Website nor any products or services offered through such websites. The use of such other websites is at the user’s own risk.
FPP collects certain personal information about you such as your name, address, telephone number, email address details and other information when it is voluntarily submitted to FPP on the Website. Such information is used by FPP to ensure compliance with its obligations under the FCA Rules and FSMA as well as for internal purposes. By submitting personal information you are consenting to such information being processed by FPP for such purposes and agree that FPP has the right to use and store such data on its internal systems for the purpose of providing services to you.
BY CLICKING “I AGREE” AT THE END OF THESE TERMS, YOU ARE AGREEING THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND AND ACCEPT THESE TERMS, WILL ABIDE BY THESE TERMS IN ITS THEN CURRENT FORM AND ARE LEGALLY BOUND BY THESE TERMS.
I Agree
I Decline
Disclaimer
The information contained in this website (“the Website”) is issued by FPP Asset Management LLP (“FPP”), 60 Sloane Avenue, London, SW3 3XB. FPP Asset Management LLP is authorised and regulated in the UK by the Financial Conduct Authority. This is not intended to exclude or restrict any liability under the rules of Financial Conduct Authority (“the FCA Rules”) or FSMA.
The distribution of the information contained in the Website in certain countries may be restricted by law and persons who access it are required to inform themselves and to comply with any such restrictions. The information is not intended to be published or made available to any person in any jurisdiction where doing so would contravene any applicable laws or regulations. All investments and services mentioned on this website are directed only at those who are Eligible Counterparties and Professional Clients as defined by the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 of the United Kingdom. Investments and services to which this website relates are available only to such persons.
By accessing the Website you confirm that you are aware of the laws in your own jurisdiction relating to the provision and sale of funds and related financial services products and you warrant and represent that you will not pass on or utilise the information contained in the Website in a manner that could constitute a breach of such laws by FPP or any other person. The Website does not constitute an offer or solicitation in any jurisdiction in which such an offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation.
The Website is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute investment, legal, tax or other advice or any recommendation to buy or sell any of the Funds or stocks mentioned. Prospective investors should take appropriate professional advice before making any investment decision. Investments in the Funds are to be made on the terms of the relevant prospectus and no reliance should be placed on the information contained in the Website.
FPP makes every effort to keep the content of the Website accurate and up to date and while the information contained in the Website has been taken from sources which FPP consider to be reliable, no warranty is given that such information is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon on as such. Any opinions expressed on the Website reflect FPP’s judgment at the date of issue of the relevant report and are subject to change without notice. FPP will not be responsible for any liability for loss or damage of any kind which arises, directly or indirectly, from the use of the information contained in the Website.
The value of investments may go down as well as up and may be affected by change in rates of exchange. Investors may not get back the amount invested. Reference should be made to the prospectus in respect of the relevant Fund for further details of the financial commitments and risks involved in connection with an investment in the each Fund. Past performance is not necessarily a guide to future returns.
The Website is protected by copyright. The use of any trademarks and logos displayed on the Website without FPP’s prior written consent is strictly prohibited. Information on the Website may not be published or redistributed without FPP’s prior written consent. FPP accepts no responsibility for the content, of any other websites linked to the Website nor any products or services offered through such websites. The use of such other websites is at the user’s own risk.
CLOSE
This website or its third-party tools use cookies, which are necessary to its functioning and required to achieve the purposes illustrated in the cookie policy. If you want to know more or withdraw your consent to all or some of the cookies, please refer to the cookie policy. By closing this banner, scrolling this page, clicking a link or continuing to browse otherwise, you agree to the use of cookies. Privacy PolicyI Agree