http://www.crunchtime.com/privacy-policy
Web Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We
may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a
purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing
communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in
the following ways:
To improve our website in order to better serve you.To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.We use cookies to: • Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits. • Keep track of advertisements. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled. It may affect the user’s experience that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
Third-party disclosure
We
do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your
personally identifiable information unless we provide users with advance
notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other
parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business,
or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this
information confidential. We may also release information when it’s
release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site
policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
However,
non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to
other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When
it comes to the collection of personal information from children under
13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in
control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation’s consumer protection
agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of
websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and
safety online. We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The
Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law
in the United States and the concepts they include have played a
significant role in the development of data protection laws around the
globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how
they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various
privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take
the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:We will
notify the users via email • Within 7 business daysWe will notify the users via in-site notification • Within 7 business daysWe also agree to the Individual Redress Principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.To be in accordance with CANSPAM we
agree to the following:If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from
receiving future emails, you can click “unsubscribe” on one of our emails and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below. CrunchTime! Information Systems, Inc.129 Portland StreetBoston, MA 02114USA
Last Edited on 2018 -10-18
L
Created with Sketch.
T
Created with Sketch.
V
Created with Sketch.
y
Created with Sketch.
f
Created with Sketch.
Who We Serve
Our Customers
Customer Sampler
Client Services
Platform
Inventory & Supply Chain
Labor Management Operations
Analytics, Insights & Reporting
Integrations
About us
Our Company
News & Press
Careers
Resources
Blog
Events
Control User Conference
Get In Touch
Request a Demo
Customer Support
Contact Us
Partner With Us
Copyright © 2020 CrunchTime! Information Systems, Inc. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
We value your privacy!
We use cookies to personalize content, to provide social media features, and to analyze our traffic.
Learn More
OK