https://www.abeo.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyHome | Privacy PolicyWhat this Policy CoversThis Privacy Policy pertains to the use of the abeo website at www.abeo.com and covers how abeo Management Corporation (“abeo”) treats Personally Identifiable Information (defined below) that abeo collects and receives through the website or through other means. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your Personally Identifiable Information and how you can access and update this information. Personally Identifiable Information is information about you that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate you as an individual (“PII”).  Some examples of PII include, without limitation, your name, address, e-mail address, social security number or phone number.Please note that abeo’s website is not intended for use by children under 13 and, therefore, this Privacy Policy makes no provision for children’s use of the site.Information Collected and How It Is UsedYou do not have to give us any PII in order to visit abeo’s website. If you are a patient of one of abeo’s clients, then you may have provided PII to the corresponding client (healthcare provider), in which case that client’s privacy policy will govern the collection of that PII. In some instances, PII collected by our clients may be used by abeo to process billing and transactional information and provide technical support for the said patient on behalf of the applicable client. The information collected for use by abeo may include personal information, health information, and billing information.If you request support from abeo, then PII (e.g., name, address, phone number, e-mail address) may be requested so that abeo can provide the requested support. This information is used to provide corresponding technical and operational support and information about the services provided by abeo and/or the applicable client.If you use the “Online Bill Pay” portion of the abeo website, then PII and billing information (e.g., credit card information) may be requested to process the payment or transaction. However, this service is handled by a third party, so abeo does not have access to this data. Your credit card number and corresponding payment information is not accessible by abeo.If you use the “Client Portal” portion of the abeo website, then limited PII (e.g., login, password, client contact information) may be requested to open an account for abeo’s corresponding client (healthcare provider). This information is solely used to provide the contracted services to the corresponding business client and transmit information about the services offered by abeo.If you use the “Careers” portion of the abeo website, then PII (e.g., name, address, phone number, e-mail address) may be requested to enable abeo to make informed hiring decisions. While this service is handled by a third party vendor, abeo does use the collected PII to make hiring decisions.If you visit the abeo website, then Internet or network activity information (e.g., browsing history, IP address, geolocation information) may be automatically collected from your browser. As further discussed below, this information may be used by third parties, such as marketing partners, data service partners, and analytics services, to provide services to abeo.Cookies and Other Tracking TechnologiesA cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a website’s computers and stored on the computer’s hard drive. Through third-party services, we may link the information we store in cookies to PII you may submit while on the abeo website in order to provide you with improved services and/or improved user experience. Third-party services may also use cookies and other tracking technologies to track both personal and non-personal information about visitors to the abeo website. The use of cookies by any third-party tracking utility is not covered by this Privacy Policy.Web Beacons/ TagsSoftware technology called web beacons or tags may be used in combination with cookies to better manage the content on the abeo website by informing abeo what content is effective. Through third-party services, we may link the information we store in web beacons or tags to PII  you submit while on the abeo website. Third-party services may also use web beacons and tags and other tracking technologies to track both personal and non-personal information about visitors to the abeo website. The use of web beacons or tags by any third-party tracking utility is not covered by this Privacy Policy.Information Sharing and DisclosurePII or protected health information may be disclosed under special circumstances, such as to comply with a subpoena or when your actions violate the legal rights of abeo. It may be necessary to share this information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to physical safety, violations of abeo’s legal rights, or otherwise as required by law.Demographic or other aggregate information that may be extrapolated from personal information may be shared with business partners or clients.Except to provide the services you’ve requested or when we have your permission, personal information is not rented, sold, or shared with other people or nonaffiliated companies for promotional purposes. We may share your name and e-mail address with certain partners that we work with. If you would not like your personal information shared with these partners, please notify us at support@abeo.com or call us at (972-861-1273).Third party vendors, including Google, show our ads on sites on the Internet and use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to our website. Users may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page.Information about you may be transferred to another company if abeo is acquired by or merges with said company. In this event, abeo will notify you by e-mail or by putting a prominent notice on the abeo website before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different policy.We use other third-party services, such as career placement services, client relations management services, advertising, and marketing services, and billing and payment services to provide services to our clients. PII may be shared with these third parties to provide corresponding services to you.Third-Party LinksOccasionally, at our discretion, abeo may include or offer links to third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.Accessing, Updating, or Correcting Your Personal InformationIf your PII changes, or if you would like to access your PII that has been collected and stored by abeo, or if you would like to request deletion of your PII that has been collected and stored, please fill out the following form through the link below, contact us at support@abeo.com, or call us at (972-861-1273). We will respond to your request to change, access, or delete your PII within a reasonable timeframe. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your right to change, access, or delete your PII. https://abeo.com/contact-usSecurityThe security of your PII is important to us. While we follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the PII submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your PII, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Information Related to Data Collected For Our ClientsPII may be collected by abeo under the direction of its clients (healthcare providers) and, therefore, abeo may not have a direct relationship with the individuals whose PII it collects and/or processes. The collection of this information may be subject to the privacy policy of the client. If you are a customer or patient of one of our clients and would no longer like to be contacted by that client, please contact the client that you interact with directly. We may transfer this PII to companies that help us provide services. Transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by the service agreements with our clients.Access and Retention to Data Controlled by Our ClientsSince abeo may not have a direct relationship with our client’s customers or patients, an individual who seeks to access, correct, or delete PII collected by our clients should direct his or her inquiry to the applicable client (the data controller). If requested to remove PII, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe, subject to any permissible extensions. If the applicable client is a Covered Entity under HIPAA, your rights with respect to your protected health information are governed by HIPAA as well as our Business Associate Agreement with that client.We will retain personal information that we process on behalf of our clients for as long as needed to provide services to our client, comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.Changes to This Privacy PolicyWe may update this Privacy Policy at any time for any reason. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.QuestionsIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@abeo.com, or call us at (972-861-1273).Effective DateThis Privacy Policy is effective on January 1, 2020.