http://www.gradywhite.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Grady-White Boats respects your privacy. We recognize the importance of maintaining your privacy and protecting your personal data. We have provided this Privacy Policy so that you are aware of what information we gather and how it is used to enhance your user experience on our website or to provide you with product information.What information do we collect?We collect information from you when you visit or register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form. When registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, boating area zip code, and phone number. You may choose, however, to visit our site anonymously at any time.
Our site collects internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time, and clickstream data. While this information does not identify the individual user it does enable us to track people’s movements throughout the site to identify trends so that we can ensure our site is working properly and provides an experience and information that is beneficial to our users.What do we use your information for?Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience. Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs as well as show you our products and inform you of special information, pricing or events. You can learn more about targeted ads and your choices to prevent third parties from delivering targeted ads to your browse or devices by visiting http://optout.networkadvertising.org/ and http://optout.aboutads.info/. You should be aware that even if you opt out of targeted ads, you may still see ads, however the ads may not be tailored to your interests.
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive).
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs).
To process requests for information, dealer contact, or transactions.
To send periodic emails. The email address you provide for information requests or order processing, will be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your request or order.
To send our electronic Newsletters (you receive these only if you subscribe to our electronic newsletter, Docklines, or purchase a boat, or if another person signs you up). We cannot prevent users from signing up other individuals to receive the newsletter, however, out of respect for our users’ privacy, we provide a way for you to unsubscribe from our communications if you prefer not to receive them.  With each electronic newsletter you will have the opportunity to unsubscribe. Our newsletter includes opportunities to read more information on our website. When a visitor clicks on an article, we track that they went to the website so that we know that story was of interest to our readers. If you do not wish to be tracked, you can refrain from clicking on text or graphic links in the e-mail.
NOTE:  Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the information, purchased product or service you have requested.
How do we protect your information?We, and the third-party organizations we work with, have taken technological and organization measures to protect any information you provide against loss, theft and unauthorized access, use, disclosure or modification. We however cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or guarantee that information will not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. We recommend you use caution when submitting information online.  When you send us a message, that information may be accessible to other users. If you post personal information it is advised that such personal information can be read, collected, used, or disseminated by others and could be used to send you unsolicited information. Accordingly, you assume full responsibility for posting such data and agree that we are not responsible in any way for such publicly posted information.Do we use cookies?Yes, we do use cookies to collect website analytics. We use “cookies,” a standard practice for most websites, to see what areas of our site are more popular with visitors, and to enhance our online advertising efforts.Do we disclose any information to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.California Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceBecause we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act and the California Consumer Privacy Act. We therefore will not sell your personal information to outside parties without your consent. As noted above, we do not sell, trade, give away or otherwise transfer your information to parties other than trusted third party organizations who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business or servicing you.Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceWe are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not knowingly collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.Online Privacy Policy OnlyThis online Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Terms and ConditionsPlease also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at https://www.gradywhite.com/terms-of-use/.You ConsentBy using our site, you consent to our web site Privacy Policy.Changes to our Privacy PolicyIf we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page.To UnsubscribeIf you would like to stop receiving our newsletters or e-mail notifications that you previously requested, you can simply click “unsubscribe” on the communication and follow the prompts to be removed. Or use the information below to contact us and request removal.Contact UsIf there are any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy you may contact us using the information below:
www.gradywhite.comPO Box 1527Greenville, NC 27835United Statessales@gradywhite.com
For additional information see Terms of Use.
©2020 Grady-White Boats.
X
We use cookies to enhance your experience on our website. You agree to our use of cookies when you continue to browse the site. Review our Privacy Policy for more information.