http://www.autographfoliages.com/privacy/
×
Search
Autograph in the Movies
List of popular films and TV shows using Autograph's artificial plants and trees.
Catalog
Flip through our full-line or Christmas catalog showing thousands of Autograph products.
Gallery
Browse various installation photos from Autograph customers using our foliage for their projects.
Tradeshows
A listing of our trade show exhibits including our showroom at the Dallas Merchandise Mart.
Awards & Recognition
Beautiful Interiorscaper project awards installing and using Autograph's artificial foliage products.
Christmas Guide
A design ”how-to” and guide to Autograph's Christmas decor, lighting, foliage and ornaments.
Artificial Foliage Guides
Design Center
Autograph in the Movies
Catalog
Gallery
Tradeshows
Awards & Recognition
Christmas Guide
Gift Certificates
Login / Create Account or Sign Up
Search
Catalog
Contact Us
About Us
Login
1-800-659-6151
Home
Privacy
Privacy
Privacy Statement
Autograph Foliages is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Autograph Foliages Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Autograph Foliages website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Autograph Foliages collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Autograph Foliages also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Autograph Foliages. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Autograph Foliages for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Autograph Foliages Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Autograph Foliages public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Autograph Foliages does not read any of your private online communications.
Autograph Foliages encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Autograph Foliages so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Autograph Foliages is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Autograph Foliages and Autograph Foliages family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Autograph Foliages collects and uses your personal information to operate the Autograph Foliages Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Autograph Foliages also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Autograph Foliages and its affiliates. Autograph Foliages may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Autograph Foliages does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Autograph Foliages may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Autograph Foliages may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Autograph Foliages, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Autograph Foliages does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Autograph Foliages keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Autograph Foliages, in order to determine what Autograph Foliages services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Autograph Foliages to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Autograph Foliages Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Autograph Foliages or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Autograph Foliages; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Autograph Foliages, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Autograph Foliages Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Autograph Foliages pages, or register with Autograph Foliages site or services, a cookie helps Autograph Foliages to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Autograph Foliages Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Autograph Foliages features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Autograph Foliages services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Autograph Foliages secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Autograph Foliages secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Autograph Foliages will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Autograph Foliages encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Autograph Foliages is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Autograph Foliages welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Autograph Foliages has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Autograph Foliages at lacklin@autofol.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
×