https://www.data-axle.com/how-we-help/intelligence/
Skip to content
Search for:
Who We Are
Our Data
Business DataAccess nearly 300 attributes about millions US and Canadian businesses, in real-time.
Consumer DataAlmost 200 consumer attributes updated in real-time and compiled from over 90 sources.
B2C LinkPersonal and professional data attributes in a single profile for a 360-view of your audience.
Donor DataHundreds of attributes on your donor community to inform effective online and offline campaigns.
What We Do
Services
Data ProcessingData hygiene, enhancement, appends, and more to make your data actionable.
Agency ServicesData sciences, consulting, creative, campaign execution, media planning.
Database ServicesMarketing, prospect, and analytic databases built to power your growth.
Lead GenerationB2B and B2C lead gen via opt-in digital placements and co-branded emails.
Data MonetizationMonetize your data with our end-to-end list management service.
Products
Data Axle Apps
Acquisition Platform
Credit Solutions
Inboxable
Local Listings
Reference Solutions
Data Axle USA
Data Axle Genie
Local Results
How We Help
By Need
AcquisitionContinually acquire profitable new customers to grow your business.
IntelligencePower learning opportunities to improve performance and deepen insights.
RetentionReduce attrition and increase lifetime value and loyalty to increase profitability.
Data LicensingLicense our data to build and improve products, applications, and services.
By Vertical
Agency
B2B Technology
Government
Financial Services
Insurance
Library & Academia
Nonprofit & Political
Retail
Resellers
Small Business
Customer Success
Case Studies
Testimonials
Recognition
Design Gallery
Resources
Thought Leadership
Blog
Expert Q&A
News & Media Coverage
Contact Us
866-DATAXLE
Intelligence
Solutions that drive real-time business intelligence
Data Axle provides in-depth data on millions of businesses, consumers, and decision-making executives. Using this insight, businesses can identify impactful market opportunities and uncover how, when, and where to reach customers in order to build a lasting relationship with them.
Reach out to us
Data is the foundation. Intelligence is the fuel.
Data Axle’s intelligence solutions deliver sophisticated artificial intelligence and machine learning models, powering learning opportunities that improve business performance and deepen insights. Our Data Science group develops models and learning curriculums, and works with the consumer intelligence/business intelligence groups within client organizations.
Our models are transparent and applicable in any CRM platform or marketing ecosystem partner, and focus on four key areas:
Customer
Understand as much as possible about the buyer’s behaviors, wants, and needs
Channel
Understand each platform’s strengths and users
Creative
Develop a relevant customer experience using data to determine their needs, habits, and preferences
Conversion
Use data and analytics to predict and track the performance of your campaigns
Make your cross-channel campaigns more accurate
Combine predictive modeling, budgetary constraints, as well as campaign and channel data to continually refine and optimize your programs across digital, social, display, video, print, and TV. With our real-time data on consumer insights, creative and campaign performance, we enable you to optimize your programs over time so they exceed your goals.
Learn more about real-time data access
Eliminate guesswork from your creative
Data is no replacement for creativity, but it’s invaluable when it comes to figuring out which creative will work for your audience. Data Axle can help you split-test dozens of creative elements across different campaigns and audiences, identify what drives the actions you’re looking for, and lead you to new ways to create and engage segments through your design.
Check out our Campaign Execution services
Augmented intelligence
Our team programmatically combines the best of human intelligence with evolving and emerging technologies like our Data Axle platform, Data Lakes, Google TensorFlow, Databricks, and Spark to create augmented intelligence solutions designed from the ground up to respond to the specific data needs and challenges of our clients.
Learn more about real-time data access
"Once enterprises have established core intelligence systems, they’re ready to invest in the engineering and ML capabilities that will give them a durable competitive advantage in their industries. "
Michael Milton, SVP, Data Science
Data Axle
Read more
Related content
blog
How machine learning is helping retailers drive revenue
Juniper Research predicts spending on machine learning in the retail sector will increase by 230% between 2019-2023 and that 325,000 global retailers will be using machine learning in some form by 2023. But what exactly is machine learning? And how are retailers implementing it?
Read more
whitepaper
Marketers need to face the inconvenient truth of data pollution
Over two-thirds of sales and marketing professionals claim that they experience challenges in all stages of the data process—from collecting and organizing data to analyzing it and acting on insights.
Read more
expert Q&A
Building effective attribution solutions
Understand the impact of each of your marketing initiatives and channels on your bottom line.
Read more
webinar
Predictive marketing: a framework to recovery in a COVID-19 world
Join our panel of industry experts to learn the building blocks of predictive marketing and real-world applications for health insurers, retailers, and banks.
Watch now
Contact us
We respect your privacy. Data Axle will use the information you provide in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You may opt-out of all marketing communications at any time.