http://www.callboxinc.com/privacy/
Privacy PolicyCallbox offers lead generation, appointment setting, and data services to businesses that market and sell to other businesses. Callbox is committed to the privacy and security of its website visitors.In this privacy policy, “Callbox”, “we”, “us”, and “our” refer to Callbox, Inc., a US-based registered corporation. “Website” includes callboxinc.com, callboxinc.com.au, callboxinc.com.sg, callbox.com.my, callboxinc.co.uk, callbox.ca, callboxasia.com.This privacy policy applies to personal information collected on our website or gathered through the methods discussed here. It does not apply to any website or practices used by any third party. This privacy policy also does not apply to information that we receive or maintain on behalf of our customers in our role as a service provider since such terms are governed by the applicable service agreement.1. What Information We CollectWe collect data related to your use of our website. We use cookies and similar technologies on our website to gather information such as the date and time of visits, geographic location, the pages viewed, IP address, links to/from any page, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, and time spent on our website.Our website includes options for visitors to submit information to Callbox, for example when signing up for our email newsletter, downloading certain content, communicating with us, etc. Such forms may provide the option of submitting your personal information, including your name, job title, company name, email address, or phone number. In addition, personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.With your consent, we may also collect additional Personal Information in other ways including emails, surveys, and other forms of communication.2. How We Use Your InformationCallbox uses cookie data to measure site traffic and usage activity to help us improve and enhance the functionality of our website, to detect possible fraudulent activity, and to better understand the sources of traffic and transactions on our website. Cookies also allow our servers to remember your account information for future visits and to provide personalized and streamlined information across related pages on our website.In addition, we may use your personal information for our legitimate business interests in connection with your use of our services, including:To respond to your inquiries and fulfill requests, complete transactions, provide customer service, send administrative information, and to personalize your experience with our servicesTo better understand our customers in general and to improve the content and functionality of our websiteTo contact you in the future regarding services, promotions, opportunities, and other general information about Callbox we believe will be of interest to youTo investigate and prosecute potential breaches of Callbox’s security or license agreementsFor other purposes that we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our Affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our Affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal data described above will depend on the personal data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect personal data from you only (1) where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your rights; (2) where we need the personal data to perform a contract with you or (3) where we have your consent to do so. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal data from you.3. How We Share Your InformationWe do not license or sell information about your usage of our website to anyone. We will only share such information with a third party who has agreed to keep such information confidential and maintain the security thereof, and only for the purposes of facilitating one of the uses described in this privacy policy on behalf of Callbox.Callbox will not disclose your personal information with any third party, except in connection with the purposes described in this privacy policy. Callbox will, whenever possible, obtain confidentiality agreements from any person or entity to whom your personal information is disclosed and ensure any recipients are committed to employing appropriate technological security measures.In the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar events, any information in our possession may be transferred to our successor or assign.4. How We Protect Your InformationCallbox employs appropriate organizational, technical, and administrative measures to protect Personal Data within our organization, including security controls to prevent unauthorized access to our systems.While we take reasonable steps to maintain the security of your personal information, you should understand there is always a level of risk assumed by sharing personal data online. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with our website is no longer secure, please immediately inform us in accordance with the “How to Reach Us for Privacy Concerns” section below.5. How You Can Manage and Delete Your InformationYou may access, correct, amend, remove, or limit the use or disclosure of your personal information that Callbox has collected and stored. Please notify us in accordance with the “How to Reach Us for Privacy Concerns” section below.6. What Options You HaveWe do not require you to provide personal information when browsing the site, although some pages and content may include options for submitting your personal data in order for you to fully access and use such website features or functionalities.You can opt out of receiving marketing messages from Callbox by unsubscribing through the unsubscribe or opt-out link in an email. We will comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that if you opt-out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we may still send you important administrative messages.7. How We Amend This Privacy Policy and Notify You of the ChangesThis privacy policy was last updated on the date indicated above. Callbox may make updates and changes to this policy by posting an updated policy on our website.8. How to Reach Us for Privacy ConcernsIf you have any questions about our privacy policy, the practices, or use of our website, or would like to make any request as provided hereunder, please email us at privacy@callboxinc.com. Or contact us at:USA (Toll Free)+1 888.810.7464USA+1 310.439.5814Singapore+65 3159.1112Australia+61 2 9037.2248New Zealand+64 9914.3122Malaysia+60 3.9212.5776Hong Kong+852 3678.6708United Kingdom+44 20.74425066About UsFounded in 2004, Callbox is the largest provider of outsourced B2B marketing and sales support services for businesses and organizations worldwide. Using an account-based marketing approach in reaching a global database of contacts from over 35 million businesses, Callbox enables companies to establish and expand markets by connecting with prospects through six lead generation avenues: voice, email, social, chat, website and webinars.To increase sales productivity, Callbox provides support to its clients by giving their sales teams access to a full stack of sales and marketing tools that drive up lead conversion. Equipped with decades of marketing expertise and powered by intuitive sales technology, Callbox helps companies grow their business exponentially.TechnologyPipeline and HubSpotLead Nurturing Done RightCallbox SMART CallingDialStream for SalesforceEbooksMarketing Stats that Drive Top B2B IndustriesTargeted B2B Marketing HandbookUltimate Lead Generation Kit40 B2B Email TemplatesContent Calendar TemplateCONTACT US+1 888 810 7464+1 310 439 58144924 Balboa Blvd. #353,Encino CA 91316 USAFacebookTwitterGplusLinkedinThis site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OKCookie and Privacy SettingsHow we use cookiesWe may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.Essential Website CookiesThese cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.Other external servicesWe also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.Google Webfont Settings:Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.Google Map Settings:Click to enable/disable Google Maps.Google reCaptcha Settings:Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:Click to enable/disable video embeds.Privacy PolicyYou can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page. Privacy PolicyAccept settingsHide notification only
Scroll to top