https://www.expolite.co.uk/terms-privacy
Home
Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
These terms and conditions apply to the use of the Website. By accessing this Website and/or placing an order you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set out below. If you do not agree to be bound by these terms and conditions, you may not use or access this Website.
1. Definitions
Seller: Means Discount Displays Limited, 31-35 Wortley Road, Croydon, Surrey, CR0 3EB Buyer: The person who buys or agrees to buy the Goods/and or Services from the Seller. Conditions: The terms and conditions of sale as set out in this document and any special terms and conditions agreed in writing by the Seller. Goods: The items which the Buyer agrees to buy from the Seller as set out in the Order. Price: The price for the Goods, excluding VAT and any carriage, packaging and insurance costs. Website: Means the website located at the URL you are currently on Force Majeure Event: Has the meaning set out in clause 16. Intellectual Property Rights: Patents, rights to inventions, copyright and related rights, trade marks, business names and domain names, rights in get-up, goodwill and the right to sue for passing off, rights in designs, database rights, rights to use, and protect the confidentiality of, confidential information (including know-how), and all other intellectual property rights, in each case whether registered or unregistered and including all applications and rights to apply for and be granted, renewals or extensions of, and rights to claim priority from, such rights and all similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection which subsist or will subsist now or in the future in any part of the world. Order: The Buyer's order for the supply of Goods and/or Services, as set out [the Buyer's purchase order form OR overleaf OR the Buyer's written acceptance of the Seller's quotation OR in the Buyer's purchase order form, or the Buyer's written acceptance of the Seller's quotation, or overleaf, as the case may be].
Services: The services supplied by the Seller to the Buyer as set out in the Order. Seller Materials: Has the meaning set out in clause 12.1.6. Accuracy of Content: We have taken care in the preparation of the content of this website, in particular to ensure that prices quoted are correct at the time of publishing and that all goods have been described accurately. However, orders will only be processed if there are no material errors in the description of the goods or their prices as advertised on this website. Any weights, dimensions and capacities given about the goods are approximate only. Damage to your Computer: We try to ensure that this website is free from viruses or defects. However, we cannot guarantee that your use of this website or any websites accessible through it will not cause damage to your computer. It is your responsibility to ensure that the right equipment is available to use the website. Except in the case of negligence on our part, we will not be liable to any person for any loss or damage which may arise to computer equipment as a result of using this website. Availability: All orders are subject to acceptance and availability. If the goods you have ordered are not available from stock, we will contact you by e-mail or phone (if you have given us details). You will have the option either to wait until the item is available from stock or to cancel your order.
2. Conditions
2.1 These Conditions shall form the basis of the contract between the Seller and the Buyer in relation to the sale of Goods and/or Services, to the exclusion of all other terms and conditions including the Buyer’s standard conditions of purchase or any other conditions which the Buyer may purport to apply under any purchase order or confirmation of order or any other document. 2.2 All orders for Goods and/or Services shall be deemed to be an offer by the Buyer to purchase Goods and/or Services from the Seller pursuant to these Conditions. 2.3 Acceptance of delivery of the Goods or commencement of the Services shall be deemed to be conclusive evidence of the Buyer’s acceptance of these Conditions. 2.4 These Conditions may not be varied except by the written agreement of [a director of] the Seller. 2.5 These Conditions represent the whole of the agreement between the Seller and the Buyer. They supersede any other conditions previously issued.
3. Price
The prices payable for goods that you order are as set out on our website. All prices are exclusive of VAT by default at the current rates and are correct at the time of entering information. You may change the prices shown to be inclusive of VAT using the function at the top of the relevant webpage.
Where it is not possible to accept your order to buy goods of the specification and description at the price indicated, we will advise you by email, and offer to sell you the goods of the specification and description at the price stated in the email and will state in the email the period for which the offer or the price remains valid.
4. Payment and Interest
4.1 ACCOUNT - Payment of the Price and VAT shall be due within 30 days of the date of the Seller’s invoice. 4.2 Interest on overdue invoices shall accrue from the date when payment becomes due calculated on a daily basis until the date of payment at the rate of [8%] per annum above the Bank of England base rate from time to time in force. Such interest shall accrue after as well as before any judgment. 4.3 The Buyer shall pay all accounts in full and not exercise any rights of set-off or counter-claim against invoices submitted by the Seller. 4.4 NON ACCOUNT - Payment is required before 5:00pm on the day your delivery is due to be dispatched. We accept no liability if a delivery is delayed because you did not give us the correct payment details. If it is not possible to obtain full payment for the goods from you, then we can refuse to process your order and/or suspend any further deliveries to you. This does not affect any other rights we may have.
5. Goods
5.1 We have taken care in the preparation of the content of this website, in particular to ensure that prices quoted are correct at the time of publishing and that all goods have been described accurately. However, orders will only be processed if there are no material errors in the description of the goods or their prices as advertised on this website. Any weights, dimensions and capacities given about the goods are approximate only. 5.2 The Seller reserves the right to amend or change the specification of the Goods if required by any applicable statutory or regulatory requirements.
6. Warranties
6.1 The Seller warrants that for a period indicated on the individual pages of the web site the Goods and/or Services shall:
6.1.1 conform with their description;
6.1.2 be of satisfactory quality with the meaning of the Sale of Goods Act 1979;
6.1.3 be fit for any purpose held out by the Seller;
6.1.4 be carried out in accordance with the Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982; and
6.1.5 be free of any hardware defects in manufacture and workmanship under normal use during the warranty period for the product.
7. Delivery of Goods
7.1 Delivery of the Goods shall be made to the Buyer’s address. The Buyer shall make all arrangements necessary to take delivery of the Goods on the day notified by the Seller for delivery. 7.2 The Seller undertakes to use its reasonable endeavours to despatch the Goods on an agreed delivery date, but does not guarantee to do so. Time of delivery shall not be of the essence of the contract. 7.3 The Seller shall not be liable to the Buyer for any loss or damage whether arising directly or indirectly from the late delivery or short delivery of the Goods. If short delivery does take place, the Buyer may not reject the Goods but shall accept the Goods delivered as part performance of the contract, and a pro-rata adjustment to the Price shall be made. 7.4 If the Buyer fails to take delivery of the Goods on the agreed delivery date or, if no specific delivery date has been agreed, when the Goods are ready for despatch, the Seller shall be entitled to store and insure the Goods and to charge the Buyer the reasonable costs of so doing.
8. Acceptance of the Goods
8.1 The Buyer shall carry out a thorough inspection of the Goods within 3 days and give notice in writing to the seller after discovering that some or all of the goods do not comply with the Warranty above, the Buyer must return the Goods to the Seller at the Buyer’s cost and the Seller shall, at its option, repair or replace any Goods that are defective, or refund the price of such defective Goods. 8.2 Where the Buyer has accepted, or has been deemed to have accepted, the Goods the Buyer shall not be entitled to reject Goods which are not in accordance with the contract.
9. Title and Risk
9.1 Risk shall pass on delivery of the Goods to the Buyer’s address. 9.2 Notwithstanding the earlier passing of risk, title in the Goods shall remain with the Seller and shall not pass to the Buyer until the amount due under the invoice for them (including interest and costs) has been paid in full. 9.3 Until title passes the Buyer shall hold the Goods as bailee for the Seller and shall store or mark them so that they can at all times be identified as the property of the Seller. 9.4 The Seller may at any time before title passes and without any liability to the Buyer:
9.4.1 repossess and dismantle and use or sell all or any of the Goods and by doing so terminate the Buyer’s right to use, sell or otherwise deal in them; and
9.4.2 for that purpose (or determining what if any Goods are held by the Buyer and inspecting them) enter any premises of or occupied by the Buyer.
9.5 The Seller may maintain an action for the price of any Goods notwithstanding that title in them has not passed to the Buyer.
10. Carriage of Goods
Carriage will be chargeable on all goods unless agreed in writing.
11. Supply of Services
11.1 The Seller shall provide the Services to the Buyer. 11.2 The Seller shall use all reasonable endeavours to meet any performance dates for the Services specified in the Order, but any such dates shall be estimates only and time shall not be of the essence for the performance of the Services. 11.3 The Seller shall have the right to make any changes to the Services which are necessary to comply with any applicable law or safety requirement, or which do not materially affect the nature or quality of the Services, and the Seller shall notify the Buyer in any such event. 11.4 All orders are subject to acceptance and availability. If the goods you have ordered are not available from stock, we will contact you by e-mail or phone (if you have given us details). You will have the option either to wait until the item is available from stock or to cancel your order.
12. 14 Day Money Back Guarantee
12.1If the Buyer is not satisfied with a product, excluding the product types listed in 12.2, the Seller will replace or refund the product price in full, providing the following steps are followed by the Buyer.
12.1.1 The product(s) should be unused, unassembled and in its original packaging;
12.1.2 The product(s) should be in a saleable condition;
12.1.3 The product(s) must be returned to the Seller in good condition within 14 days of date it was delivered to the Buyer;
12.1.4 A Returns Authorisation Number will need to be requested and written on the carton(s) being returned;
12.1.5 The Buyer will need to supply a proof of delivery;
12.1.6 Cost of product(s) plus VAT is refunded. Delivery charges and credit card charges will not be included in the refund;
12.2 The 14 day money back guarantee does not apply to printed or customised products.
13. Buyer’s Obligations
13.1The Buyer shall:
13.1.1 Ensure that the terms of the Order are complete and accurate;
13.1.2 Co-operate with the Seller in all matters relating to the Services;
13.1.3 Provide the Seller, its employees, agents, consultants and subcontractors, with access to the Buyer's premises as reasonably required by the Seller to provide the Services;
13.1.4 Provide the Seller with such information and materials as the Seller may reasonably require to supply the Services, and ensure that such information is accurate in all material respects;
13.1.5 Obtain and maintain all necessary licences, permissions and consents which may be required for the Services before the date on which the Services are to start; and
13.1.6 keep and maintain all materials, equipment, documents and other property of the Seller (Seller Materials) at the Buyer's premises in safe custody at its own risk, maintain the Seller Materials in good condition until returned to the Seller, and not dispose of or use the Seller Materials other than in accordance with the Seller's written instructions or authorisation.
13.1.7 Ordering errors - You are able to correct errors on your order up to the point on which you click on “submit” during the ordering process.
13.2If the Seller's performance of any of its obligations in respect of the Services is prevented or delayed by any act or omission by the Buyer or failure by the Buyer to perform any relevant obligation (Buyer Default):
13.2.1 the Seller shall without limiting its other rights or remedies have the right to suspend performance of the Services until the Buyer remedies the Buyer Default, and to rely on the Buyer Default to relieve it from the performance of any of its obligations to the extent the Buyer Default prevents or delays the Seller's performance of any of its obligations;
13.2.2 the Seller shall not be liable for any costs or losses sustained or incurred by the Buyer arising directly or indirectly from the Seller's failure or delay to perform any of its obligations as set out in this clause 12.2; and
13.2.3 The Buyer shall reimburse the Seller on written demand for any costs or losses sustained or incurred by the Seller arising directly or indirectly from the Buyer Default.
14. Intellectual Property Rights
14.1 All Intellectual Property Rights in or arising out of or in connection with the Services shall be owned by the Seller. 14.2 The Buyer acknowledges that, in respect of any third party Intellectual Property Rights in the Services, the Buyer's use of any such Intellectual Property Rights is conditional on the Seller obtaining a written licence from the relevant licensor on such terms as will entitle the Seller to license such rights to the Buyer. 14.3 All Seller Materials are the exclusive property of the Seller.
15. Limitation of Liability: THE BUYER’S ATTENTION IS PARTICULARLY DRAWN TO THIS CLAUSE
15.1Nothing in these Conditions shall limit or exclude the Seller's liability for:
15.1.1 death or personal injury caused by its negligence, or the negligence of its employees, agents or subcontractors;
15.1.2 fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
15.1.3 breach of the terms implied by section 2 of the Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982 (title and quiet possession);
15.1.4 breach of the terms implied by section 12 of the Sale of Goods Act 1979 (title and quiet possession); or
15.1.5 defective products under the Consumer Protection Act 1987.
15.2Subject to clause 14.1:
15.2.1 The Seller shall under no circumstances whatever be liable to the Buyer, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, for any loss of profit, or any indirect or consequential loss arising under or in connection with the Contract; and
15.2 After the Warranty Period, the terms implied by sections 13 to 15 of the Sale of Goods Act 1979 and the terms implied by sections 3 to 5 of the Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982 are, to the fullest extent permitted by law, excluded from the Contract. 15.3 This clause 14 shall survive termination of the Contract.
16. Termination
16.1 We reserve the right not to process your order if:
16.1.1 We have insufficient stock to deliver the goods you have ordered;
16.1.2 We do not deliver to your area; or
16.1.3 One or more of the goods you ordered was listed at an incorrect price due to a typographical error or an error in the pricing information received by us from our suppliers.
16.2 If we do not process your order for the above reasons, we will notify you by e-mail and will re-credit to your account any sum deducted by us from your credit/debit card as soon as possible, but in any event within 14 days.
17. Force Majeure
17.1 For the purposes of this Contract, Force Majeure Event means an event beyond the reasonable control of the Seller including but not limited to strikes, lock-outs or other industrial disputes (whether involving the workforce of the Seller or any other party), failure of a utility service or transport network, act of God, war, terrorism, riot, civil commotion, interference by civil of military authorities, national or international calamity, malicious damage, compliance with any law or governmental order, rule, regulation or direction, accident, breakdown of plant or machinery, fire, flood, storm, earthquake, epidemic or similar events, or default of suppliers or subcontractors. 17.2 The Seller shall not be liable to the Buyer as a result of any delay or failure to perform its obligations under this Contract as a result of a Force Majeure Event.
18. General
18.1Notices.
18.1.1 Any notice or other communication given to a party under or in connection with this Contract shall be in writing, addressed to that party at its registered office (if it is a company) or its principal place of business (in any other case) or such other address as that party may have specified to the other party in writing in accordance with this clause, and shall be delivered personally or sent by prepaid first-class post or other next working day delivery service, or by commercial courier, fax sales@discountdisplays.co.uk.
18.1.2 The provisions of this clause shall not apply to the service of any proceedings or other documents in any legal action.
18.2 Waiver. A waiver of any right under the Contract or law is only effective if it is in writing and shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent breach or default. No failure or delay by a party in exercising any right or remedy under the Contract or by law shall constitute a waiver of that or any other right or remedy, nor prevent or restrict its further exercise of that or any other right or remedy. No single or partial exercise of such right or remedy shall prevent or restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy. 18.3 No partnership or agency. Nothing in the Contract is intended to, or shall be deemed to, establish any partnership or joint venture between any of the parties, nor constitute either party the agent of another party for any purpose. Neither party shall have authority to act as agent for, or to bind, the other party in any way. 18.4 Third parties. A person who is not a party to the Contract shall not have any rights to enforce its terms. 18.5 This Contract contains the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter of this Contract and extinguishes all previous agreements, promises, assurances, warranties, representations and understandings between the parties, whether written or oral. 18.6 Variation. Except as set out in these Conditions, no variation of the Contract, including the introduction of any additional terms and conditions shall be effective unless it is agreed in writing and signed by the Seller. 18.7 Governing law. This agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales. 18.8 Jurisdiction. Each party irrevocably agrees that the courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with this Contract or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims).
Privacy Policy
Who We Are
Discount Displays Limited is the data controller of the information you provide. Discount Displays Limited is a company registered in England and Wales with registration number 3927116. Our registered office address is 31-35 Wortley Road, Croydon, Surrey, CR0 3EB.
When you provide us with your personal data you are showing that you trust us with your data and to use it responsibly and safely. Our commitment to keeping this trust is of utmost importance and this Privacy Policy outlines just how seriously we take this responsibility, the processes we have in place when collecting and handling your data and most importantly your rights regarding this data.
Our privacy policy may change from time to time, this policy was last updated on 21st May 2018.
Your Personal Information & How We Use It
We collect certain information from you when you use our website, contact us by telephone, our social media channels or email us. Some of this information is collected automatically, such as IP address and data stored in cookies. Other information is given to us by you, such as a delivery address when placing an order.
We only collect and process your information for legitimate business interests, legal requirements or contractual obligations. More information on what grounds we collect your data can be found in the ‘Basis For Collecting Your Personal Information’ section below.
Here you can find a rundown of the different types of personal information we process and how we use it.
Information You Give To Us
Personal information such as name, address, phone number and email address. This could be given when registering for an account, purchasing a product, filling out a contact form or entering a competition. We will only use this data to send marketing emails to users that purchase a product or sign up to our mailing list. If giving your email address at the checkout, we may use this to send you an email enabling you to checkout easily if you leave the site.
Payment details. These are used when purchasing a product. We use secure payment processors and security measures throughout our site and server.
Your contact history such as emails, messages via social media and live chat transcripts. These are used to help resolve your problems, to be able to follow up at a later time if necessary and to help optimise our customer services.
Other. Such as leaving a review, completing a survey or requesting a quote for a product. We keep this data to a minimum in order to contact you where applicable and analyse the results of our marketing efforts.
We collect this information to ensure we can carry out the functional and legal requirements of our business operations. This includes creating an account for you where requested, engaging in you with communications you have initiated, processing payment information and working with our couriers to ensure your orders get to the right destination.
We also use it to improve the user experience of the site, to offer a personalised user experience and to deliver more relevant marketing communications where applicable.
Information We Collect Automatically
Device information such as your IP address, log data and cookie data. We use both internal tracking technology and third party vendors to handle this information.
On page information such as which products you have looked at, what search terms you have used and which products you have added to the basket. This data is linked to the device information listed above and not to any identifiers such as name or physical address.
We use this data in order to be able to deliver the best possible shopping environment in a safe and easy to use environment. Device and page information is used to help us identify issues with the website, analyse what type of devices are using our website and look at data on the individual page level.
With this information we then screen for potential fraud, make improvements to the site, help train our staff and offer a personalised shopping experience to our users.
In terms of using this data to offer a personalised experience this could include showing relevant promotions or products based on the previous pages that have been looked at and showing prices including or excluding tax based on your previous selection. We also use third party vendors to present targeted advertising when browsing other websites.
This information also helps us comply with certain legal requirements and ensure any contractual obligations between us and the user are being met.
Basis For Collecting Your Personal Information
Under GDPR we must have a legal basis for doing so and the language in the regulations describes what these are. Below are some of the different bases we use to determine what personal information to process and what these mean in context.
Legitimate Interests. This is the main basis we use when processing your personal information. Legitimate interests means processing data that is necessary to achieve the commercial, individual or societal interests of the parties involved. It only applies when the same result could not be achieved in a less intrusive way, and we do everything we can to ensure this is the case.
When weighing up if a certain type of data processing is a legitimate interest we perform a balance test that compares our interests against your interests to decide if it is something you would reasonably expect us to do in a commercial operation.
If you do not want us to process your data under the legitimate interests listed below, you have the right to object. Please take a look at ‘Your Rights’ section for more information. Please note that if we can’t process your personal information, we may not be able to fulfill some aspects of our operations.
During our assessments, we identified the following as legitimate interests for processing your personal information:
Core services such as taking payment details.
Being able to deliver purchased products to the correct address.
Being able to contact you if there are any problems with your order.
Sending you a marketing email if you have purchased something from us.
The ability to engage in a live chat with you.
Promoting our products on our website and elsewhere on the internet.
Giving you the ability to restore a shopping cart easily.
Personalisation of your shopping experience.
Tracking user behaviour and site traffic to enhance the customer experience.
Contractual. As an ecommerce store, when you purchase a product from us we enter a contract between buyer and seller. This contract ensures you are protected by various safeguards and legislations regarding buying goods. In order for us to keep up the side of our contract, namely delivering the products to you, we need to process certain personal information that you provide to us when purchasing. An obvious example of this is using your address to deliver the product to you.
Legal. There are certain laws that mean personal information would have to be kept in order to adhere to them. An example of this is to investigate any warranty claims or to notify you of a product recall.
Sharing Your Personal Information
We share your personal information in limited ways with partners who have been subjected to our rigorous screening methods to ensure they have the same high level of data processing standards as we do. We only share data that helps to provide a better customer experience and this information can not be used by the third party for their own promotional activities.
Here are the ways your personal information may be shared with third parties:
Delivery information provided to our couriers and suppliers to ensure that any product you purchase can be delivered to you.
Our live chat provider when you engage in a chat with one of our representatives.
When we are legally obliged to do so e.g legal request.
For email marketing campaigns. This data is strictly limited to as few pieces of data as possible to deliver an effective marketing campaign.
For web traffic analytics, such as Google Analytics, to help us understand how our customers use the site. This includes, but isn’t limited to your IP address and demographic information. You can opt out of Google Analytics via the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
For targeted advertising on other websites, currently the third parties we use are Google’s DoubleClick and Bing Ads. You can opt out of these services by going to the providers website.
Payment providers such as PayPal and SagePay. This is used when a payment has been made for a purchase. In the case of PayPal, you will be directed to their website to provide payment details. Your use of their service is subject to their own privacy policy.
We may anonymise your data and share it with third parties, such as analytics companies. You will not be able to be identified in any way by this type of data sharing.
We will never sell your information or otherwise provide it to a third party that doesn’t fall under the uses listed above. We will always ensure we comply with any and all applicable data protection laws including the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
International Transfers of Your Personal Information
From time to time your personal information may be transferred outside of the European Economic Area (EEA). An example of this would be Google Analytics data that was sent to a server in the United States.
If your personal information is transferred outside of the EEA it will be subject to any applicable laws of the country it resides in. We will always ensure to the best of our ability that any country outside the EEA it is transferred to has laws that offer the same level of protection as if it were inside the EEA as outlined by the European Commission.
How Long We Keep Your Personal Information For
We will keep your personal records as long as you have an account with us, or if you have made a purchase with us as long as is necessary to ensure we can fulfill the purpose it was collected for. This would be one of the ways outlined in the ‘Your Personal Information & How We Use It’ section.
If you call our phone line but do not make a purchase and have not requested a call back or further information we will not keep your data on record.
If you email us, we will retain your email for a period of three years. This will be to respond to any questions or complaints you may have. We will not store your data for other marketing purposes unless you have requested to do so, e.g to be part of our marketing list.
For data kept on our marketing mailing lists, we will remove any personal information where there has been no interaction with an email for two years. You may unsubscribe or ask us to be removed from this list at any time. We will keep your email address on record when unsubscribing in order to prevent us emailing you again.
We may also keep some parts of your information in order to meet certain legal or regulatory requirements.
Once the retention period for your data has ended we will delete the information from the necessary sources or anonymise it so you can not be identified in any way.
Your Rights
You have rights relating to the personal information we hold about you. These rights are designed to put you in control of your personal information, enabling you to access it, update it and remove it quickly and easily. You can find a overview of your rights listed below:
You have the right to know what personal information we store in relation to you and the right to access this information. This is known as a ‘Data Subject Access Request’. If your request falls under our obligations we will provide it to you within 30 days from your request. We may ask for proof of identity or information about your interaction with us to ensure we are giving information to the correct party.
You have the right to know how your personal information is being used. This is covered within this Privacy Policy.
You have the right to correct any information that is not incorrect, such as an old address.
You have the right to ask us to delete any personal information where it is no longer required for the function it was intended to carry out.
You have the right to stop your personal data from being used to send direct marketing. In regards to email marketing, the quickest way to do so if by clicking the unsubscribe button in the footer of an email. Please note we will continue to store your email address to ensure no more emails are sent to that address.
You have the right to withdraw any consent you have given us in relation to processing your data at any time.
You have the right to ask us to stop processing your personal information on the basis of our listed legitimate interests.
You have the right to complain to the data protection regulator regarding how we process your personal information. You can find details on how to do so in the ‘How To Contact the The Information Commissioner's Office’ section of this policy.
To exercise any of these rights please get in contact with us using the details listed in the ‘How To Contact Us’ section below.
How To Contact the The Information Commissioner's Office
If you are unhappy with the way in which your data has been processed by us or the way we have dealt with your requests regarding that data, it is your right to be able to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). For more information please visit: https://ico.org.uk/
How To Contact Us
Our customers, and anybody who uses our website in fact, are at the heart of every decision we make. Your feedback helps us to make sure we are delivering the best possible customer service. If you have any questions or comments about our privacy policy or anything else relating to how we use your personal data, please don’t hesitate to get in touch.
You can do so by calling us on 0844 800 1020 or writing to us at 31-35 Wortley Road, Croydon, Surrey, CR0 3EB.