https://www.amdpi.com/sms-terms/
Mobile Terms and Conditions
American Dental Partners, Inc. (ADPI), its affiliated dental practices and their partners and affiliates use SMS text messaging to provide patients with appointment reminders, confirmation requests, and other messages related to their dental care, their accounts, or the products and services we provide. By submitting their mobile phone number to ADPI (or its affiliated practices and dentists), patients consent to receiving these messages (which may be sent using automated technology). Message frequency varies per user based on appointments and dental care needs.
How to Opt-Out
Text STOP to 61865 to stop receiving ADPI text messages. This will prevent you from receiving future text messages unless you opt back in. After texting STOP you will receive one additional message confirming that your request has been received.
How to Opt-In
If you have previously opted out and would like to opt back in, text JOIN to 61865. Message and data rates may apply.
By opting in to this service, you consent to receive automated, ongoing text messages to the mobile phone number you provide, as described above. Consent to receive marketing text messages is not required as a condition of purchasing any goods or services. By signing up, you are confirming you are over the age of 13 and that you are the sole user of the phone number in question.
Support/Help
For additional information, text HELP to 61865, call 844-363-7409 or email sms@amdpi.com.
Supported Carriers
AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile®, Verizon Wireless, Boost, Cricket, MetroPCS, U.S. Cellular, Virgin Mobile, ACS Wireless, Appalachian Wireless, Bluegrass Cellular, Carolina West Wireless, Cellcom, C-Spire Wireless (formerly Cellsouth), Cellular One of East Central Illinois, Cincinnati Bell Wireless, Cross (dba Sprocket), Duet IP, Element Mobile, EpicTouch, GCI Communications, Golden State, Hawkeye (Chat Mobility), Hawkeye (NW Missouri Cellular), Illinois Valley Cellular, Immix (Keystone Wireless / PC Management), Inland Cellular, iWireless, Mobi PCS (Coral Wireless LLC), Mosaic, MTPCS / Cellular One (Cellone Nation), Nex-Tech Wireless, nTelos, Panhandle Telecommunications, Peoples Wireless, Pioneer, Plateau, Revol Wireless, Rina – Custer, Rina – All West, Rina – Cambridge Telecom Coop, Rina – Eagle Valley Comm, Rina – Farmers Mutual Telephone Co, Rina – Nucla Nutria Telephone Co, Rina – Silver Star, Rina – South Central Comm, Rina – Syringa, Rina – UBET, Rina – Manti, South Canaan / CellularOne of NEPA, Thumb Cellular, Union Wireless, United, Viaero Wireless, West Central Wireless, Leaco, Nemont/Sagebrush.
ADPI is not responsible for any delays or delivery failures of SMS messages connected with this program. Delivery of SMS messages is subject to effective transmission from your wireless service provider. T-Mobile is not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
Cost
ADPI does not charge any users fees to send or receive text messages, however message and data rates may apply from your mobile carrier. Contact your mobile carrier to understand message and data rates according to the terms of your service agreement.
Privacy
ADPI respects your right to privacy. Our Privacy Policy can be found at: https://www.amdpi.com/privacy-policy/
These Terms & Conditions are subject to change. Any changes will be incorporated into the terms and conditions posted to this website.