http://www.imagophotography.co.uk/privacy.aspx
Imago Photography
Home
Photographic Shoots
Frames & Finishes
Book Session
FAQs
Testimonials
News
About imago
Jobs & Franchises
Contact Us
Gallery
Login to
view your images and order online
facebook
twitter
Privacy Policy
We are committed to safeguarding your privacy online.
This privacy statement sets out how Imago Portrait Studios Ltd ("we" "us" or "our"),
who operate this web site located at www.imagojuniors.com ("Site"), use the information you give us
and how we comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
We are committed to respecting your privacy.
Once you choose to provide us with any information by
which you can be identified, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
By using the Site you agree to this use.
Please read the details of this policy to understand how we treat your personal information.
This policy may change from time to time so please check it periodically.
Personal Information
Your personal information will be collected by us when you register to use the site, when you place an order or
fill in an online form, contact us and when you browse, where cookies may be used.
Information we collect
We may collect the following data:
Name
Contact information and preferences
Transactional information
Photographic data
Class, Form and administration data
Anonymised demographic information such as location, interests and preferences
Website usage data
Information relating to correspondence and enquiries
Information relating to special offers, competitions, surveys and feedback
Use of Personal Information
This information may be used for:
Setting up and managing your website account, dealing with your order and to make available to you all information relating to us
and your account or gallery;
Allowing our representatives to follow up, either by e-mail, phone or mail, people who have purchased goods from our site
as part of our customer care procedures;
Administering any prize draws or competitions you might enter;
Contacting you with regard to information about your gallery/shoot.
It may also be used to request feedback which we may use to improve our products and services;
The prevention and detection of fraud or if the law permits or compels us to disclose it or we otherwise
have a duty to disclose it to a third party;
Marketing where consent has been given;
The proper administration of our website, for training purposes and to improve our products and services;
Providing services requested such as administration images;
Contacting you from time to time about related special offers, goods and services,
marketing research or other purposes, where consent has been given.
You may change your mind at any time or contact us with any concerns by writing to us at: Customer Services,
Imago Portrait Studios Ltd, Unit 9 The Enterprise Centre, Coxbridge Business Park, Alton Road, Farnham, Surrey GU10 5EH or
email: enquiries@imagojuniors.com
We will not pass on your personal information to third parties unless you give us permission to do so, to fulfil your order or where
we are required by law or by a regulatory or government authority to do so.
How We Use Cookies
A cookie is a piece of text that asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, your browser adds that text in a small file. We currently only use "session cookies" on this Site. These are temporary and are automatically deleted when the browser is closed.
A cookie does not give us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
This practice is strictly in force. You may set your web browser to notify you of cookie placement requests or decline cookies completely.
If you decline cookies completely, you may not be able to shop on this site. You can delete the files that contain cookies - those files are stored as part of your internet browser.
Other Web Sites
Our web site may contain links to enable you to visit other web sites of interest easily.
However, once you have used these links to leave our site you should note that we do not have any control over that other web site.
Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the web site in question.
Secure Protection
We take every precaution to protect your information.
All personal information stored by us is kept on a server in a secure environment.
We cannot guarantee the security of data you disclose online and you accept that the Internet is not completely secure
and agree that we shall not be liable for unauthorised use, distribution or destruction of your personal information.
Currently we use Rackspace to host our webservers.
Rackspace is a globally
respected brand and is recognized as a world leader in managed hosting and cloud infrastructure.
Retaining and Deleting Data
Images are usually available on our website for nineteen months after a shoot, after which the images will continue
to be securely stored according to copyright law. If you would like us to hold images for longer or would like them removed earlier,
please write to our address or email us on enquiries@imagojuniors.com.
All other data is retained to comply with current laws or until it is no longer useful.
Payments
Security is probably one of the most significant concerns for you, the shopper and us, the retailer during an online transaction.
Imago uses WorldPay (The Worldpay Group Plc, formerly known as RBS Worldpay), and any information transmitted online is strongly
encrypted using complicated logarithm combinations. Payment details are not viewed by Imago.
Changes to your personal information
If your personal information changes or if you no longer wish to subscribe to the service, we will endeavour to correct,
update or remove the personal information provided to us as speedily as possible.
This privacy policy forms part of our Website Terms.
Any dispute or claim arising out of this policy and the use of your personal information will be governed by English law and
the courts of England and Wales have exclusive jurisdiction to resolve any such dispute or claim.
T: 01252 728457
E: enquiries@imagojuniors.com
Sitemap
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
"We had a great time taking photos with imago Photography, they really helped bring
out the best in us. And the photos look great!"
"In my 4 years of dealing with nursery photos, I found your photographers brilliant
to work with and look forward to the next time."
"I would like to take this opportunity to say how pleased we were with the service
you provided, and the parents are delighted with the photos."
"Just to let you know we're really so pleased with our photos. The three box frames
look amazing in our kitchen...please pass on our thanks to all involved. Of course,
we wouldn't hesitate in recommending you!"
"The photos are stunning and once again thank you for getting them to me as soon
as you have, especially at this time of the year."
Imago Portrait Studios
Unit 9, The Enterprise Centre, Coxbridge Business Park, Alton Road, Farnham, Surrey, GU105EH
Company registered number: 5313761