http://www.twentyfirstsecurity.com.au/privacy-policy
Menu
Home
Services
Security Systems / Alarms
Access Control
CCTV
Monitoring
Blog
About Us
Product Manuals
Hints and Tips
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy page details the privacy practices used on the Twenty First Security website (twentyfirstsecurity.com.au).
Personal Information
By submitting an enquiry via our contact form, you voluntarily submit your details, which include your name, email address, phone number and the related message/query. This information is used for the purposes of contacting you and resolving your query.
When contacting us directly via email, users voluntarily submit their email address. This information is used for the purposes of contacting you and resolving your enquiry where required.
Tracking / Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics for the purposes of tracking the amount of views this website receives, along with improving the website based on the information that Google Analytics provides.
Cookies
Web users have the ability to block or accept cookies by modifying settings within their web browser.
External Links
This website may contain links to external third party websites. Twenty First Security and its website administrators are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these third party websites. If privacy on the web is a major concern for you, users may wish to check the privacy practices of these third party websites before using them in-depth.
Security
A security certificate (SSL certificate) is implemented on this website to encrypt web traffic where possible.
Users should utilise a secure and up to date web browser along with a secure and up to date operating system and security software system to protect their data when browsing the web.
Privacy Policy Updates
Updates to the privacy policy will be included on this page where applicable and without notice. If privacy is of a major concern to a user, regularly check privacy policies of a website before using the website in-depth.
Contact
If you have any questions, please contact us via the methods included on our contact page.