http://www.daviscos.com/privacy-policy
Request Talent
Contact
Work Here
Beers and Careers
Menu
Skip to content
Find Work
Job Seekers
Apply Now
Search Positions
Working With A Staffing Agency
Find Talent
Clients
Employer Resources
Request Talent
Workforce Solutions
Managed Service Provider (MSP)
Recruitment Process Outsourcing (RPO)
Human Resource Outsourcing (HRO)
Staffing
Accounting and Finance
Engineering
IT Solutions
IT
Manufacturing
Professional
Software
Current Employees
Employee Resources
DAVIS Companies
We’re DAVIS
Team DAVIS
Workplace Diversity & Inclusion
Awards & Affiliations
DAVIS Impact Team
Careers at DAVIS
DAVIS News
Off the Cuff Blog
Contact Us
General
Atlanta, GA
Marlborough, MA
Memphis, TN
Minneapolis, MN
Manchester, NH
Raleigh, NC
Vineland, NJ
Woburn, MA
Podcast
Beers and Careers
DAVIS Website Privacy Policy
The DAVIS Companies, Inc. (DAVIS) is committed to maintaining the privacy of all of its users. All personal information gathered by DAVIS is regarded as confidential and is used and stored in a responsible manner for use as explained in this Website Privacy Policy. Personal information provided by you is stored in our internal database. Protecting your information is something we take very seriously. We train our staff to respect your information and keep it safe. Additionally, we employ state of the art technologies to protect that information from unauthorized use or access, including SSL encryption and physical security of our servers. This Website Privacy Policy describes how and why we collect information, and the conditions controlling how we will use your information.
Types of Information to be gathered:
Personal Information
In order to provide our employment placement services to both you and a prospective employer, we must gather basic private information about you, including but not limited to your name, residential address, phone numbers, job history and skills, education, compensation requirements and your e-mail address. This information may be stored in our internal database indefinitely.
The amount of personal information that you are required to supply will be limited to only the amount that is necessary to provide our services to you. The collection of any sensitive data is carried out either in compliance with employment law, required as part of our contractual relationship, or is necessary for the interests of the supplier of that information. Where appropriate, we will seek your explicit consent prior to the collection of this type of information. In order to comply with statutes, rules, and regulations pertaining to equal employment opportunities or to assist us in compiling data for our affirmative action practices, we may also ask you to provide gender or racial information. The provision of this type of information will be voluntary, unless it is required by law, and failure to provide this information will not hinder your employment or project opportunities.
Non-Personal Information
Certain non-personal information about site visits is recorded by the standard operation of the internet servers on which our website is hosted. Non-personally identifiable information ("Aggregate Data") may be used for our business purposes, including but not limited to improvement of the design and content of the website or to personalize your experience on our Website. The Aggregate Data may be shared with our related entities, advertisers, partners and/or other third party vendors. We own all of the Aggregate Data.
The non-personal information that we collect is as follows:
Cookies
We use cookies on our website to make your experience easy and meaningful and to enable certain technical operations. Cookies are files that web browsers place on a computer's hard drive and are used to tell us whether customers and visitors have previously visited our website. Usage of a cookie is not linked to any personally identifiable information while on our website. You can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the option of whether to accept it. You can also set your browser to turn off cookies. If you do so, areas of some sites may not function properly. We use both session ID and persistent cookies. A session ID cookie simply expires once the user closes the browser. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user’s hard drive for an extended period of time. These can be removed by following your internet browser help file directions.
Log Files
Like many standard website servers, our web servers use log files. Log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp and number of clicks. Log files are used to analyze trends, administer the site, track aggregated users' movement and gather broad demographic information. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Hiring and Onboarding
We will require you to provide verification of legal status and other information necessary to begin an assignment. This information will be provided by completing forms hosted on secure sites. We will use this information for assignments, legal requirements, and other related purposes.
E-Mail address and IP address
We will collect your email address for purposes of our communicating with you. When you use our website the internet address of your computer (IP address) is recorded so that we know how you are using our site. This information is used by DAVIS in order to make ongoing improvements to our site and to track the number of users of our site.
Resumes
As a user of our site you will be asked to post or submit your resume to the site. You understand that you are solely responsible for the form, content and accuracy of any resume or supporting material contained in your submission. By doing so, your resume will be searchable by DAVIS internal staff and may be submitted to our third party clients to be considered for employment.
Use of Information:
How Your Personal Information May Be Used
In general, DAVIS will primarily use your personal information for the process of providing to you the services which you have requested of DAVIS, and/or throughout the lifecycle of your employment. These uses may include, but are not limited to, using your personal information for services related to finding employment, insurance or workplace claims, payroll, or providing your information to customers who are seeking to fill an employment position that matches your profile.
We use your information to communicate effectively with you throughout the process as well as provide you with additional information about benefits and other job search related information. We may use your contact information to send you e-mail messages about our company or job postings that fit your profile. Email addresses will be used for recruiting contact, news updates, benefits notifications, marketing materials and similar communications.  Only DAVIS (or agents working on behalf of DAVIS) will send you these direct mailings. You may opt out of receiving future mailings via e-mail; see the Choice: Opt Out/Opt In section below.
DAVIS may also collect anonymous demographic data (e.g. what percentage of our employees are college graduates) in order to improve our own internal processes, or in order provide reports to customers, marketing companies, or as required by law. If we do collect and report this demographic information, we remove any unique personally identifiable information (name, address, etc.) that would attach you to this demographic data, and combine it with other anonymous data in order to view it at an aggregated level.
Cookies and Web Beacons
To help us provide better service, we sometimes collect anonymous information from visits to our sites through the use of cookies and "web beacons." These do not access your personal information, but rather allow DAVIS to log users who have visited our websites. This anonymous information is sometimes known as "clickstream data." DAVIS or its vendors may use this data to analyze trends and statistics to help us provide better customer service. If you do not want your transaction details used in this manner, see the paragraph above on cookies.
We allow third-party companies to collect certain anonymous information when you visit our website. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or a third party web beacon to collect this information.
Disclosure of your Information to Unrelated Third Parties
DAVIS does not disclose your personal information to third parties except as required under the following circumstances:
• We may disclose your personal information to our third party clients for the purpose of providing staffing services to you and our clients.
• We may disclose your information if we are legally required to do so, if required to do so by a governmental entity or if we believe in good faith that it is necessary to do so to (a) conform to legal requirements or to conform to legal process (b) protect the rights of DAVIS or its affiliates (c) protect national security or prevent a crime (d) protect the safety of other users or the public, or (e) in connection with the sale, acquisition or merger of our business or our business assets.
• We may engage a service provider to analyze resumes through an internet search tool. This tool allows us to search internal databases and affiliated recruitment sites on which candidates have registered to review resume detail and information. We will store this information as part of your record.
• We may occasionally utilize third party service providers to help us in areas such as job advertisements, managing resume data, IT platform management or support services, infrastructure and application services, marketing, data analytics, drug and background screening, payroll process services, health benefits, and other areas. In providing such services on our behalf, it may be necessary for us to provide these third parties access to your information. When a third party is provided such access, the third party will be bound by appropriate contractual requirements to protect your personal or sensitive information and prohibit the use of your personal or sensitive information outside the scope of the third party’s engagement with us.
• We may send your personal information to marketing companies who will contact you in order to determine your feedback and satisfaction with our services. We will only provide the minimum amount of information needed by such marketing companies to perform their services.
Third Party Websites
Our website may from time to time provide links to third party websites that are not affiliated with or controlled by DAVIS. DAVIS cannot control and is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of third party websites. Please refer to the Privacy Policies of any other websites before submitting any personal information to those sites. This Website Privacy Policy only applies to the DAVIS website.
Children
Our site is not intended for use by children. DAVIS does not knowingly collect personal information from children under age 13.
Acceptance
By using our website you signify your acceptance of the terms of this Website Privacy Policy. DAVIS reserves the right to change our Website Privacy Policy at any time without advance notice to you. All updates to the Website Privacy Policy will be posted to this site. Your continued use of the website will signify your acceptance of any changes that we make.
Choice/Opt-Out
You are given the opportunity to opt-out of having your information used for purposes not directly related to our website or existing business relationship. If you no longer wish to receive e-mail solicitations or other information from us, you may opt-out of receiving these communications by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of an email communication. You can also opt-out by emailing us at [identify email address] using "unsubscribe" in the subject line.
Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns about this Website Privacy Policy or how we handle your private information please contact us at 800.482.9494 or by email at info@daviscos.com.
Search Positions
Employee Resources
Privacy Policy | EEO Policy
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Instagram
YouTube
© 2020 Davis Companies. All Rights Reserved.
Loading...