http://www.ehlynn.com/about/privacypolicy
Need A Quote?
Hoses •
Quick Couplers
Valves •
Fittings •
Vents
Manholes •
Nozzles
email
sales@ehlynn.com
Home
Products
By Brand
By Category
Chemical
Dry Bulk
Petroleum
Shorty's Sale Shack
ContiTech HoseSelect
Favorites
8-Inch Composite Butterfly Valve
Betts 406 Aluminum Manhole Cover
Cam and Groove Gasket Sale
ContiTech Chem One Hose
Custom Trailer Kits
Dixon 3" Fuel Delivery Elbow
Dixon BayCast Sand Tees
Dixon EZLink™ Cam & Groove
Girard HydraFlo Discharge Valve
Hose Stands and Velcro Straps
Never-Seize Manhole Adjusters
Paladin Drop Hose Redesigned
PT Coupling Hose Drainer
Ranger Pumps/Rebuild Kits
Redwing Fuel Oil Hose
VersaChem Hose
Viton Seal Ground Joint Coupling
BTI BlackMaxx Composite HD Handles
Customer Service
FAQs
Loss & Damage Guidelines
Our Guarantee
Privacy Policy
Shipping & Delivery
Terms & Conditions
Resources
Catalogs & Product Literature
Education
Forms & Documents
ContiTech HoseSelect
News & Events
Videos
About Us
About Us
Directions
Email Us
Feedback
My Account
My Account Home
Favorites
Recent Web Orders
View Invoices
Current Statement
Purchase History
Frequent Items
Saved Carts
Shopping Cart
Quick Order
Order Upload
Contact Us
Email Mailing List
Shopping Cart
search
Privacy Policy
E.H. Lynn Industries, Inc. and its subsidiaries, divisions, affiliates, and brands (collectively “We”) value our customers and are committed to protecting personal information about them and their companies. This notice (“Privacy Policy”) describes what information we collect about you, how we use it, with whom we may share it, how we collect it and what choices you have regarding it. Please review and become familiar with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. By accessing or using any E.H. Lynn Industries' site, you acknowledge that you have read, understand and consent to the privacy practices disclosed herein, and to the uses and disclosures of information about you and your company that are described in the privacy policy, and you agree to be bound by their terms. This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically, and it is your responsibility to review it accordingly.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register as a user/create an account on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, company name, e-mail address, mailing address and/or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
; To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
; To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
; To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
; To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, WILL NOT be sold, exchanged, transferred or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
; To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
; To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email making it easy and convenient for you to do so.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) WILL NOT be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes, we do (cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser - if you allow them to do so - which enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information).
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers ARE NOT permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone or by contacting customer service.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We DO NOT sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore DO NOT distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act) and we DO NOT collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 12/27/2019.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, or you feel that we are somehow and in some way not following this policy, we encourage you to please contact us using the information below and we would be more than happy to address your concerns:
E.H. Lynn Industries, Inc.
524 Anderson Drive
Romeoville, Illinois 60446
United StatesTel:  815.328.8800
Email:  info@ehlynn.com
Customer Service
FAQs
Loss & Damage Guidelines
Our Guarantee
Privacy Policy
Shipping & Delivery
Terms & Conditions
Browse our Catalog
Secure Website
Order Online or Toll-Free 1-800-633-2948
©2020 E.H. Lynn Industries Inc.
Distributor of liquid and dry bulk handling equipment and tank truck parts
Hose
Couplings
Valves
Nozzles
Manholes
Contact us today! sales@ehlynn.com
1.800.633.2948
Shop for Products by Category
Shop for Products by Brand
Shop for Products by Trailer or Industry Type
Stay Connected:
Powered by Aldrich Web Solutions