https://www.corscanplus.com/corstore/index.php?main_page=privacy
Home
Log In (store)
Log In (course)
Resolutions in Cardiac Imaging®
CME | CE
Radiation Safety|NRC-CBNC-ABR
Board Review|CBNC
Categories
CME | CE
Radiation Safety|NRC-CBNC-ABR
Board Review|CBNC
All Courses ...
Information
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Contact Us
Home>
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: June 16, 2019
This website (“Site”) is operated by Corscan, LLC (“Corscan”). Throughout the Site, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Corscan.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your personal information. Our use of your personal information is limited to the ways outlined in this Policy, except that it may be used to comply with law, a legal process, a judicial proceeding, or a court order, to enforce our Terms and Conditions of Use, to operate or perform the services properly, to protect ourselves, you and the general public and/or to help ensure everyone’s safety.
We reserve the right to update, change or replace any part of this Policy by posting updates and/or changes to our Site. It is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the Site following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.
If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not use our Site, services, or give us any of your personal information.
What information do we collect?
You will have multiple manners of interactivity with us. Currently, you are not required to enter through any active data collection pages. In this case, any information gathered is limited to cookies, IP Addresses, Referral URLs, browser information, session data, and other data learned from passive information gathering devices (collectively, “Passive Collection Information”).
However, we request and/or collect certain necessary information when you register on our Site, place an order, enter information, or subscribe to a newsletter. This information includes, without limitation, name, email address, mailing address, phone number and credit card information (collectively, “Active Collection Information”). Active Collection Information does not include any information you voluntarily submit to public forums, blogs, and similar items.
What do we use your information for?
We use Passive Collection Information about you and others to operate the Site and enhance your experience on the Site. The collection of this anonymous data is intended to improve site navigation, maintain tracking of visitor preferences, provide general internal and user web analytics reports, conduct research, and assist in identifying possible fraudulent activities.
We use Active Collection Information to operate our Site, enhance your experience on the Site, and perform the services. This includes, without limitation, to process transactions, allow secure access to your course material, track course progress and correspond with you.
You agree that your use of the Site and/or its services, whether passively or actively, constitutes a commercial relationship with us and your understanding and consent that even unsolicited commercial email sent from us or our affiliates is not unlawful SPAM as that term is defined under the law.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For example, we use cookies to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. Except with respect to Registered Users, you may disable or turn off cookies or enable your Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism; however, it could make our Site not perform properly.
REGISTERED USERS: Notwithstanding the prior paragraph, with respect to registered users, in order to comply with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission's, and other medical credentialing organization's regulations such as time requirements for certain courses, we track and monitor your activity on the Site, and you hereby give us express permission to do so in any manner as we determine at our sole discretion. As such, we do not honor DNT browser mechanisms and we do use cookies for the purposes of page and time logging your access to our course content. Therefore, you will be asked and will be required to allow cookies from our Site and you will be required to have JavaScript enabled. Certificates of completion will not be issued if you fail to do so or prevent us in any other manner from complying with applicable regulations, and refunds will not be given on that basis (see refund policy in our Terms and Conditions of Use).
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We may use, share, transfer, and sell any Passive Collection Information and any information you provide in public forums, blogs, or similar areas for any purpose and for any reason including, without limitation, to effectively operate our Site, perform the services and for marketing, advertising and other uses.
We will not share or transfer your Active Collection Information to any third party except to effectively operate our Site and perform the services, so long as those third parties (e.g., technology consultants) agree to keep this information confidential.
Furthermore, and without any obligation of obtaining third party confidentiality, we may share and transfer any Active Collection Information, personal information, issued certificates, and any generated preceptor documents to any professional licensing or credentialing boards, accreditation bodies, fellowship programs and/or any government or quasi-government agencies, and anyone in possession of the document reference code from any generated preceptor document. In addition, we may also sell your Active Collection Information with respect to a corporate transaction or reorganization, such as a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy/receivership.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We do not direct our Site or our services, to any person who is not at least 13 years old. We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act).
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions of Use
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions of Use establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our Site.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us at admin@corscanplus.com.
Back
Notice
Group CME Special
Register 2 or more for group discount.
20-hour Nuclear Cardiology Review
15-hour Nuclear Cardiology Review
Up to 50% off Click for details
Home
Copyright © 2020 Corscan Online Courses