https://www.dmcplc.co.uk/privacy/
testPages
About Us
app
Build a Paperless Office
Calculator
ConnectED
Consultancy and Audit Services
Contact Us
Control Print and Document Management Costs
Corporate Social Responsibility
Customer Stories by Industry
Customer Stories by Service
Document Management Systems
Education
Financial Services
Hosted VoIP
Improve Business Efficiency
Information Management
Join our community
KPAX Installation Booking Form
Legal
Legal
Legal Customer Stories
Managed Print Services
MFD Tutorials & How-to Guides
News and Events
Office Insights
Partners & Solutions
Print & Document Security Solutions
Printing Savings Calculator
Privacy
Proactive Fleet Management
Smart Print and Document Management Solutions
Smarter Workplace Sessions
SMEs
Support
Support (DMC Group)
The Agile Christmas Advent Calendar
The Agile Diaries – Adapt, adopt, accelerate
The DMC Group
timeline iframe
Updated Calc
Usage Calculator
Work for us
Working for tomorrow.
Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect it, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting a new version online. You should check this page occasionally to review any changes. Should we need to make any material changes, we will notify you by posting the revised Privacy Policy on our Websites.
This privacy notice was last updated on 5 April 2018.
For your convenience, we have made this notice available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
When You Visit our Websites
Whenever someone visits www.dmcplc.co.uk, we use Google Analytics – a third-party service – to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We only process information in a way that allows us to discover the number of visitors to our site. Neither do we make, nor allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those who visit our website. Should we want to collect personally identifiable information from our site, we will let you know. Essentially, we will make it clear when we collect personal information and explain what we intend to do with it.
Use of Cookies by The DMC Group
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by the websites you visit. Such files make websites work, or work more efficiently, and provide information to the owners of the site.
How do I change my Cookie Settings?
Most web browsers allow some control of their cookies through the browser’s settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see which cookies have been set as well as how to manage and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
The Information We Collect
Personal Information
This refers to any information that you voluntarily submit to us and that identifies you personally, including your name, e-mail address, company name, address, phone number and other information about yourself or your business. Personal Information can also include information about you that is available on the internet, such as from Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and Google, or publicly available information that we acquire from service providers.
Navigational Information
This refers to information about your computer and your visits to this website, such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and pages viewed.
How We Use Information We Collect
Use of Personal Information
In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we may use your Personal Information to:
(a) improve your browsing experience by personalising the Websites and to improve the Subscription Service;
(b) send information to you which we think may be of interest to you by post, email or other means;
(c) send you marketing communications relating to our business or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties which we think may be of interest to you, and
(d) provide other companies with statistical information about our users – but this information will not be used to identify any individual user.
We may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, we do not transfer your unique Personal Information to the third party. In addition, we may share data with trusted partners who wish to contact you based on your request to receive such communications, help us perform statistical analysis or provide customer support. Such third parties are prohibited from using your Personal Information except for these purposes, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
If you do not want us to share your personal information with these companies, please contact us.
We use the information collected from customers through our Subscription Service for the following purposes:
(a) to provide the Service (which may include the detection, prevention as well as resolution of security and technical issues);
(b) to respond to customer support requests; and
(c) to otherwise fulfil the obligations under the DMC Group Customer Terms of Service.
Use of Navigational Information
We use Navigational Information to operate and improve the Websites and the Subscription Service. We may also use Navigational Information alone or in combination with Personal Information to provide you with personalised information about DMC Group.
Customer Testimonials and Comments
We post customer testimonials and comments on our Websites; this content may contain Personal Information. We obtain each customer’s consent via email prior to posting the customer’s name and testimonial.
Social Media Features
Our Websites include Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button, as well as Widgets, including the Share This button and interactive mini-programs that run on our sites. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted directly on our Websites or by a third party. This Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party hosted features.  Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy and other policies of the companies providing them.
External Websites
Our Websites provide links to other websites. We do not control, and are not responsible for, the content or practices of these other websites. Our provision of such links does not constitute our endorsement of these other websites, their content, their owners or their practices. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these other websites, which are subject to any privacy policy and/or other policies they may have. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorised access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Your Rights
Under the Data Protection Act 1998, you have rights as an individual which you can exercise in relation to the information we hold about you.
You can read more about these rights here: https://ico.org.uk/your-data-matters/
Access to Personal Information
The DMC Group tries to be as transparent as possible with respect to giving people access to their personal information.
Individuals can find out if we hold any personal information by making a ‘subject access request’ under the Data Protection Act 1998. If we do hold information about you, we will:
give you a description of it;
tell you why we are holding it;
tell you to whom it could be disclosed; and
let you have a copy of the information in an intelligible form.
To make a request to The DMC Group for any personal information we may hold, you need to put the request in writing, addressing it to either our Technology Services department or the address provided below.
Should you agree, we will try to deal with your request informally; for example, we could provide you with the specific information you need by telephone. If we do hold information about you, you can ask us to correct any mistakes by, once again, contacting the Technology Services department.
To Unsubscribe from Our Communications
You may unsubscribe from our marketing communications either by clicking on the ‘unsubscribe’ link located on the bottom of our e-mails, telephoning us or making a written request.
Attention: Privacy. Customers cannot opt-out of receiving transactional emails related to their account with us.
How to Contact Us
If you would like to receive information about our privacy policy, you can contact us by email at gdpr@dmcplc.co.uk, by phone on 020 8688 4243 or in writing using the address below.
Technology Services Department Cando House Bournemouth Road Chandler’s Ford Southampton SO53 3QB
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with this.OkRead more
020 8688 4243