http://www.agspray.com/privacy-policy/
Ag Spray Equipment has adopted the following Privacy Policy regarding your personal information. We respect your privacy and the privacy of all who take time to visit us online. Any information that you provide on this site will not be sold, leased, traded, or rented to any 3rd party.
Generally you can visit us on the Internet without volunteering any information about yourself at all. Our web servers do collect minimal browsing information, not email addresses, about our visitors without attempting to "identify" any of them. We use this aggregate browsing information (looking at all site visits at once) to measure and improve the online information and services we provide our website visitors.
You should read this entire privacy policy, as well as our website's "Terms and Conditions" statement, to fully understand our position on privacy as well as any and all obligations you have in using our website and the information it contains. By using our website, you agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions.
In the following sections of this document you'll find a more detailed description of how we safeguard and how we use the information you provide. If you have any questions about this please feel free to get in touch with us.
Why do we gather personal information?
The information we gather about you and your visit helps us to:
Measure the effectiveness of the services and information we provide online
Create a more customized user experience online
Make improvements in our user's online experience
Provide limited, necessary information to specific, value-added partners--only after you've volunteered information for that purpose and have agreed to that next level of contact. This would typically be (but not necessarily limited to) a user investigating a product and requesting a distributor contact for availability or pricing information. You will not be contacted at this level without your consent.
What types of information do we gather?
Browser: We analyze our website log files to help us improve the value of the information and experience available on our website. These logs do not identify you or anyone else personally and we make no attempt to associate or link the log information with specific users that browse our website.
Voluntary: Occasionally we may need personal information from you (e.g., name, address, customer identification number) for product or service offerings, to conduct surveys, for contest participation, product registrations, etc. Whenever this type of information is required we will try to inform you about the purpose at the time of the collection. You will be able to elect to not provide the information but we may be limited in the types of services we can provide in that situation. No credit card or any personal financial information is stored on any of our web servers.
Cookies: "Cookies" are small data files that are placed on your hard drive during visits to certain websites. Some of our sites may use cookies to collect, store, and sometimes track information for statistical purposes to improve the products and services we provide and to manage our telecommunications networks. We do not publish nor share cookie information with 3rd parties and we do not access any 3rd party cookies.
What do we do with this information?
All information gathered is used to provide a richer online experience for users and to assist us in making continued improvements to our online information and services.
We do not sell, rent, trade, or lease any personal information we collect.
How do we safeguard this information?
Certain users may have online accounts that are password protected for your privacy and security. In certain areas we may use industry standard security measures (e.g., Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption, Public Key Infrastructure (PKI), etc.) to protect data transmissions.
External Links Upon occasion we may provide links to other useful Internet sites that are not under the control of Ag Spray Equipment; we make no claims regarding the privacy policies of those sites.
Revisions to this policy We may amend this policy upon occasion. If substantial changes are made in the way personal information is used we will post a prominent notice in our privacy policy or other locations in our website.
Your Consent By using our Web site you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on our Web site to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it.