http://www.miracle-ear.com/privacy-policy
Miracle-Ear Privacy Policy
Last Revised:  October 2019
This Privacy Policy applies to your access and use of the website https://www.miracle-ear.com (the "Site"). This Privacy Policy describes the types of information that Miracle-Ear, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates and our franchise system (collectively, "we", "us" or "our") collect through the Site and how we use and protect it and the choices you can make about your information. Throughout this Privacy Policy, “information” includes personal information about you.
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE TERMS OF USE AND CONDITIONS (THE “TERMS”) CAREFULLY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR THE TERMS, DO NOT USE OR VISIT THE SITE. BY USING OR VISITING THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE TERMS.
Information We Collect
We collect the following types of information in the manner described below.
We collect information from and about you when you visit or use the Site.
Following are examples of ways in which you can visit or use the Site:
To create, use or make changes (for example, corrections, updates, or deletions) to an account you have with us (for example, to provide user name and password and any other information you provide such as content or comments)
To provide contact information (for example, first name and last name, postal address, email address and a telephone number and related preferences), information for transactions with us and/or a third party through the Site, information provided in connection with products and services, demographic information (for example, zip code).
To get information when you contact or otherwise interact with us or a third party (for example, your search queries on the Site, reporting an issue with the Site and participating in surveys and voluntarily in online hearing tests and online hearing aid finder quizzes).
2. We can receive information from or about you through any other individuals or third parties, including third party service providers and/or third party social networking services, which information can be used as described in this Privacy Policy.
3. We can automatically collect other information about you, including:
Operating system
Browser type
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address
Domain name of your Internet service provider
Your geographic location
The website you visited before browsing to the Site
The Site pages that you visit and the time of your visits
Aggregate data that cannot be used to specifically identify you when you use or visit the Site.
4. We can collect information about you from:
Third party social networking services
Publicly accessible sources
Our subsidiaries and affiliates
Our third party service providers and other partners.
5. We can combine any of the information we collect from or about you and use it in the manner described in this Privacy Policy, including without limitation, information concerning a user that is maintained in personally identifiable form in combination with an identifier described in this Privacy Policy.
How We May Use Your Information
We may use the information that we collect to:
Provide products and services to you
Respond to a request you made
Process your requests/orders
Enhance, improve our products, services, and overall customer service
Analyze how you use the Site and to analyze the Site, which we or a third party can do
Call you via telephone and send you electronic communications (for example, email communications and text message communications)
Provide information to you, including about hearing loss and ear care
Assess how users have accessed the Site
Fulfill the purposes for which you provided it (for example, engaging in a transaction with us or a third party)
Provide the Site to you, including any notifications or updates relating to the Site
Create, use or make changes (for example, corrections, updates, or deletions) to an account you have with us
Send you information about your relationship or transactions with us
Notify you about changes to the Site, our policies, terms or any products or services we offer or provide though it
Improve the Site or to develop new products and services
Identify you as a user of the Site
Allow you to participate in surveys
Contact you with information, including marketing and advertising information, that we believe will be of interest to you, either by us or a third party
Customize our marketing and advertising
Test, research, analyze and develop products and services that we or a third party can do regarding the Site (for example, user base and Site usage)
Create anonymous data or de-identified data, which we or a third party can do and which we or a third party can use for any purpose
Aggregate data, which we or a third party can compile, and which we or a third party can do and can use for any purpose
Allow us to personalize and enhance your experience using the Site
Run advertising on third party websites
Allow you to participate in interactive features on our Site
Carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us
Investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity and otherwise protect our users and our business
Administer and troubleshoot the Site.
We also may use the information that we collect:
In any other way we can describe when you provide the information
As otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy and the Terms.
Who We May Share Your Information With
We can disclose information to third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy. A user can choose not to share certain information. Please see Your Choices Regarding Your Information below.
1. Third Parties and Service Providers. We can use third parties or service providers to perform functions in connection with the Site (for example, providing products or services, advertising and marketing, data analysis, enhancing the information collected from or about you, etc.). In addition, a third party social networking service can make information from or about you available to us. Please see Your Choices Regarding Your Information-Social Networking below. We can use third parties or service providers to perform any of the actions or activities allowed under this Privacy Policy. We can share information about you that they need to perform their functions and in accordance with our agreements with them.
2. Subsidiaries and Affiliates.  We can also share your information with any subsidiary or affiliate of ours for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy. Any subsidiary or affiliate of ours will be required to maintain that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
3. Direct Marketing. We can share personal information with third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes in the context of our franchise system. Please see Your California Privacy Rights below.
4. Business Changes. If we become involved in a merger, acquisition, sale of assets, divestiture, joint venture, securities offering, financing, bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation, dissolution, or other transaction or if the ownership of all or substantially all of our business otherwise changes, we can share or transfer your information to a third party or parties in connection therewith (including, without limitation, before and after such transaction) and it can be used subsequently by such third party or parties.
5. Investigations and Law. Regardless of any choices you make regarding your information (as described below) and to the extent permitted by applicable law, we can disclose information about you to third parties to:
Enforce or apply the Terms and other agreements
Comply with law, in response to subpoenas, warrants, or court orders, or in connection with any law or legal process or cooperate with government or law enforcement officials or private parties
Protect our rights, reputation, safety and property or in an emergency, or that of our users or others
To resolve disputes
Protect against legal liability
Establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims
To investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected illegal activities, suspected fraud, the rights, reputation, safety or property of us, users or others, violation of the Terms, our policies or agreements or as otherwise required by law.
6. Site Analysis. We or a third party can analyze how you use the Site and can analyze the Site.
7. Aggregate, Anonymous and De-Identified Data. We can share aggregate, anonymous or de-identified data relating to users of the Site with any third party for any purpose.
8. At Your Request. We can share your information with any other individual or third party or service provider at your request.
9. With Your Consent. We can share your information other than as described in this Privacy Policy if we notify you and you consent to the sharing thereof.
10. For Any Other Purpose Disclosed by Us. For any other purpose we describe to you at the time you provide your information.
11. Cookies and Other Technologies; Do Not Track. Please see Cookies and Other Technologies; Do Not Track below.
Your Choices Regarding Your Information
You have choices regarding the use of information on the Site.
1. Changing Your Information. You can make changes to your information, including accessing your information, correcting or updating your information or deleting your information by contacting our Customer Care Team via telephone at 800-241-1372, via email at feedback@miracle-ear.com or via postal mail at Miracle-Ear, Inc., Attn: Customer Care Team, 150 S. 5th St., Suite 2300, Minneapolis, MN 55402.
2. Retention. We will retain your personal information for as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, while we have a legitimate business need to do so in connection with an account you have with us, or as required by law (for example, for legal, tax, accounting or other purposes), whichever is the longer.
To determine the appropriate retention period for your personal information, we will consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we use your personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
3. Email Communications. You can make changes regarding receiving email communications from us by emailing us at feedback@miracle-ear.com or by contacting our Customer Care Team via telephone at 800-241-1372 and letting us know specifically that you no longer wish to receive email communications from us at the email address you provide to us. You also may follow the opt-out instructions included in each email communication from us to discontinue receiving promotional email communications from us. Please note that it may take up to 10 business days to process your request.
4. Text Message Communications.  We may send autodialed marketing text messages to devices that have requested such information via an opt-in request. Consent to such messages is not a condition of purchase. You can make changes regarding receiving text message communications from us by contacting our Customer Care Team via telephone at 800-241-1372 and letting us know specifically that you no longer wish to receive text message communications from us at the mobile telephone number you provide to us or by opting out of text message communications by responding with ‘STOP’ to any text message communication received. Your opt-out request will be effective upon our receipt of your opt-out text message communication. Standard message and data rates may apply.
5. Telephone Communications. You may indicate you no longer wish to receive marketing telephone calls from us by contacting our Customer Care Team at via telephone at 800-241-1372 or during a telephone call from us.
6. Cookies and Other Technologies; Do Not Track. Please see Cookies and Other Technologies; Do Not Track below.
7. Social Networking. You should make sure you are comfortable with the information that a third party social networking service can make available to us by carefully reviewing the service’s privacy policy and terms and conditions and by modifying your privacy settings directly on that service.
Where We Store Your Information
We store the information that we collect on our systems. If you are located outside of the United States, please note that the Site is hosted on our systems in the United States. Therefore, your information can be processed and stored in the United States. As a result, United States federal and state governments, courts, or law enforcement or regulatory agencies may be able to obtain disclosure of your information through laws applicable in the United States. By using the Site, you understand that your information can be transferred to countries outside of your country of residence, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country.
How We Protect Your Information
We take reasonable steps to secure your information from accidental loss and unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. Please be aware, however, that no digital system is 100% safe and the Internet is an open system.  We cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not intercept or access your information, such as in transit over the internet to us.
Cookies and Other Technologies; Do Not Track
We, along with third parties, use cookies, application analytics software and other technologies. These technologies are used for tracking, advertising, analytics and personalization and optimization of the Site.
1. Cookies. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer.
2. Persistent cookies remain on the user’s computer after the browser has been closed.
3. Session cookies exist only during a user’s online session and disappear from the user’s computer when they close the browser software. You can instruct your browser to stop accepting cookies. But if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use all portions or all functionality of the Site.
4. Third parties can collect personally identifiable information about an individual user's online activities over time and across different Internet services when a user uses the Site.
5. Below are links to resources for regarding online tracking and targeting:
For Google Analytics, please see https://policies.google.com/privacy, https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites, https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/ and https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
For Adobe Analytics, please see https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html, https://www.adobe.com/legal/terms.html and https://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html.
6. Do Not Track. At this time, we do not respond to “Do Not Track” signals sent from Web browsers or other mechanisms that provide users the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personally identifiable information about a user’s online activities over time and across third party Internet services.
7. Third Party Ad Networks. We use third parties, such as network advertisers, to serve advertisements on third party websites or other media (for example, a third party social networking service). This enables us and these third parties to target advertisements to you for products offered by us and products and services offered by third parties in which you might be interested. Third party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors, and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, Web beacons, flash cookies or Local Shared Objects and other tracking technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. These third party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third party’s specific privacy policy, not this Privacy Policy.
Users in the United States may opt-out of many third party ad networks. For example, you may go to the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Consumer Choice Page for information about opting out of interest-based advertising and choices regarding having information used by DAA companies. You may also go to the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) Consumer Opt-Out Page for information about opting out of interest-based advertising and choices regarding having information used by third party companies who are NAI members.
Opting out from one or more companies listed on the DAA Consumer Choice Page or the NAI Consumer Opt-Out Page will remove you from those companies’ delivery of interest-based content or ads to you, but it does not mean you will no longer receive any advertising through the Site or on other third party websites. Even if you opt-out from one or more companies listed on the DAA Consumer Choice Page or the NAI Consumer Opt-Out Page, you may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website that you are viewing (i.e., contextually based ads). Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you opt-out on the DAA or NAI websites, your opt-out may not be effective. Additional information is available on the DAA’s website at www.aboutads.info or the NAI’s website at www.networkadvertising.org.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with certain rights with regard to your personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). Throughout this Privacy Policy you will find information required by CCPA regarding the categories of personal information collected from you; the sources of that personal information; the purposes for which we use personal information, and the categories of third parties your information may be shared with.  This information is current as of the date of the Policy and is applicable in the 12 months preceding the effective date of the Policy.
As a California resident, CCPA provides you the ability to make inquiries regarding to your personal information. Specifically, the degree to which the information is not already provided in this Privacy Policy, you have the right to request disclosure about the collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months, including:
The categories of personal information collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information collected about you.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal
The categories of third parties with whom your personal information was shared.
The specific pieces of personal information collected about you.
If your personal information was disclosed for a business purpose, the personal information categories disclosed and the categories of third parties to which the information was disclosed.
If your personal information was sold in the past 12 months, the personal information categories sold and the categories of third parties to which the information was sold (Note: WE DO NOT SELL YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION).
Please note that you may only make the above requests twice in a 12-month period. You also have the right to request that any of your personal information collected and retained be deleted, subject to certain exceptions. Finally, you have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment from us or any business for exercising any of the rights provided under CCPA.
You may submit a request regarding your rights under CCPA by submitting a request through the form or by contacting us at one of the following: compliancedept@amplifon.com, Toll free: 1-800-234-9314.
If we receive a CCPA request from you, we will first make a determination regarding the applicability of the law, and we will then take steps to verify your identity prior to responding. The steps to verify your identity may vary based on our relationship with you, but, at a minimum, it will take the form of confirming and matching the information submitted in the request with information already held by us and/or contacting you through previously used channels to confirm that you submitted the request (i.e. confirming identity through contact information that we have on file, not the contact information submitted to make the request).
Your rights as stated here can also be exercised by an authorized agent on your behalf. We will follow the standards set by the Attorney General of California regarding designation of an authorized agent to exercise rights under CCPA. You may review information available through the Attorney General website (https://www.oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa) regarding how an individual can be designated as an authorized agent under CCPA.
In addition to CCPA, Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code permits California residents to request from a business, with whom the California resident has an established business relationship, certain information about the types of personal information the business has shared with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year. You can make one request each year by emailing us at Legal-NorthAmerica@amplifon.com.
Children
We do not knowingly collect information from an individual under the age of 13 If you are under the age of 13, please do not access, use, or submit any personal information through the Site. If you have reason to believe that we may have accidentally received personal information from an individual under age 13, please contact us immediately via email at compliancedept@amplifon.com, via telephone (800) 234-9314 or (763) 268-4103 or via postal mail at Miracle-Ear, Inc., Attn: Legal Department, 150 S. 5th St., Suite 2300, Minneapolis, MN 55402.
Links to Other Sites
The Site contains links to other websites and resources. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites.
Right of Revision
This Privacy Policy was last modified on October 21, 2019.  We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes and especially before you provide any information.  Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to these terms constitutes acceptance of those changes.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us as follows:
Miracle-Ear, Inc., Attn: Legal Department, 150 S. 5th St., Suite 2300, Minneapolis, MN 55402
Attn: Compliance Officer
Email: compliancedept@amplifon.com
Telephone: (800) 234-9314 or (763) 268-4103