https://www.fsbshallowater.com/privacy-policy/
Online Banking Help
Privacy Policy
WHAT DOES FIRST STATE BANK, SHALLOWATER, TEXAS DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons First State Bank, Shallowater chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
The types of personal information we collect and share depends on the product or service(s) you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and income
Account Balances and Payment history
Credit History and credit scores
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
Reasons we can share your information:
For our everyday business purposes – such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus.
Does First State Bank Shallowater Share? – Yes
Can you limit this sharing? – No
For our marketing purposes – to offer our product and services to you
Does First State Bank Shallowater Share? – Yes
Can you limit this sharing? – No
For joint marketing with other financial institutions
Does First State Bank Shallowater Share? – No
Can you limit this sharing? – No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information about your transactions and experiences
Does First State Bank Shallowater Share? – No
Can you limit this sharing? – No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness
Does First State Bank Shallowater Share? – No
Can you limit this sharing? – No
For non-affiliates to market to you
Does First State Bank Shallowater Share? – No
Can you limit this sharing? – No
Questions?
Call (806) 832-4525 or Contact Us here
Who We Are
Who is providing this notice?
First State Bank, Shallowater, Texas
What We Do
How does First State Bank protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
Your personal financial information is only accessible to those employees with a business need for the information.
How does First State Bank collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
Open an account or apply for a loan
Cash a check or open a safe deposit box
Deposit money or use your debit card
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only:
Sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes-information about your creditworthiness
Affiliates from using your information to market to you
Sharing for non-affiliates to market to you
State law and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
First State Bank has no affiliates
Non-Affiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
First State Bank does not share information with Non-Affiliated financial companies
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
First State Bank does not jointly market
Other Important Information
First State Bank is chartered under the laws of the State of Texas and by state law is subject to regulatory oversight by the Texas Department of Banking. First State Bank also engages in the business of selling money orders as an agent for MoneyGram, which is licensed under the laws of the State of Texas and is subject to regulatory oversight by the Texas Department of Banking. Any consumer wishing to file a complaint against First State Bank, Shallowater, should first contact First State Bank, Shallowater, if you still have unresolved complaints regarding the company’s money transmission or currency exchange activity, consumers may file complaints with the Texas Department of Banking through one of the means listed: In person or U.S. mail: 2601 North Lamar Blvd, Suite 300, Austin, Texas 78705-4294,
Telephone: 877-276-5554, Fax: 512-475-1313, Email: consumer.complaints@DOB.texas.gov
Website: www.DOB.texas.gov