http://www.temaisenmann.com/contact-us/privacy-policy
Call us
+1 859-252-0613
Office Hours
M-F: 8am - 5pm EST
E-mail us
sales@temaisenmann.com
Privacy Policy
Effective January 1, 2012Our Commitment To PrivacyYour privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.The Information We CollectThis notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Tema Isenmann website. On some pages, you can make requests or register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:Name, Address, Email Address, Phone Numbers, and any communications with Tema IsenmannThe Way We Use InformationWe use the information you provide about yourself when placing a request only to discuss your potential project and draft a comprehensive proposal and agreement. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and coordinate our advertising. For example, we may notice that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.Our Commitment To Data SecurityTo prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.Our Commitment To Children's PrivacyProtecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.How You Can Access Or Correct Your InformationYou can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by e-mailing a request to modify or retrieve this information at no-reply@webforms.temaisenmann.com, Subject: "Request for Contact Info Update". We may verify that you are with the organization or are the person about whom you're requesting to change the contact information. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error to no-reply@webforms.temaisenmann.com.To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.How To Contact UsShould you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 859-252-0613 or send us an email at no-reply@webforms.temaisenmann.com.
Get in Touch
We are here to meet your screening needs by providing you with the highest quality polyurethane screening media. Think Yellow!
Call Us
859-252-0613
Email Us
sales@temaisenmann.com
Home
Products
Open-Cast Polyurethane
Injection Molded Polyurethane Modular Panels
WS 2.10 Magnetic Wear Liners & Screening Media
Polyurethane Flood & Spray Nozzles
Rail & Girder Fastening Systems
Modular Fastening Systems
Open-Cast Polyurethane
Process Equipment
Open-Cast Polyurethane
Wedgewire Products
Literature
Articles
Brochures
Dealer Network
Contact Us
Contact Us
U.S. Sales Rep. Territories
Canada Sales Rep. Territories
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Media
Videos
About Us