http://www.signsnow.co.uk/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Secondary Header Menu
Quality Guarantee
About Us
Sign Guides
Case Studies
Blog
Careers
School Signs Site
Region Finder
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Policy & Complaints
Privacy Policy & Complaints
General
In this Cookies Statement, "We", "Us" and "Our" mean SIGNS NOW UK LIMITED.  Our address is Vision House Calibre Industrial Park, Laches Close Four Ashes, Wolverhampton, WV10 7DZ. When we refer to Our websites we are referring to any website in the domain SIGNSNOW.CO.UK and the website http://www.signsnow.co.uk/.
Cookies
What are cookies?
Cookies are one of the building blocks of most websites. These small text files on users’ computers allow websites to store information. Cookies allow websites to remember that a user is logged in, what they have added to their shopping basket and the current ‘state’ of a webpage. They are also used to produce targeted advertising based on users’ behaviour and assist statistics packages such as Google Analytics.
Our use of cookies
We may use cookies to deliver a better and more personalised interaction. They enable Us to recognise you when you return to Our websites and store information about your preferences. We use them to remember that you are logged in after you enter your username and password and then navigate to a different page. They also enable Us to generate statistics about the number of visitors We have and how they use our websites and the internet. For more information about how We use cookies please see the Definition of Cookies and their function section below.
Managing cookies
You can set your browser to reject Our cookies if you wish, but this might restrict your use of our and other websites. For instructions on deleting or controlling cookies please consult your browser help section or see http://www.allaboutcookies.org .
Definition of cookies and their function
i. Session cookies
These are temporary cookie files, which are erased when you close your browser. They are used to store your browsing information while you are using Our websites and will be active until you leave the website and close your browser.
ii. Persistent cookies
Persistent cookies help Us remember your information and settings for any future visits. This results in faster and more convenient access. On your first visit, the website is presented in default mode. During your visit, you select your preferences and these preferences are remembered, through the use of the persistent cookie, for the next time you visit the website. A persistent cookie enables a website to remember you on subsequent visits, speeding up or enhancing your experience of services or functions offered.
iii. Drupal specific - session cookies
These types of cookies are placed by Our website management software Drupal to remember whether your browser has JavaScript enabled.
iv. Drupal specific - persistent cookies
These types of cookies are placed by our website management software Drupal to remember your display preferences.
v. Google Analytics (3rd party) cookies
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use Our websites. We use the information to compile reports and to help improve the website. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the website, where visitors have come to the website from and the pages they visited.
An overview of privacy at Google can be found here http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
vi. Google Ads
Google Ad Manager uses a cookie to be able to manage the frequency you see each advert.
vi. JavaScript code that sets cookies
JavaScript code can also be used to set cookies. These uses of cookies can be conditional, e.g. only activated when the user clicks on a particular page item or performs a particular action, or they can be set as soon as a page is visited.
vii. Third party cookies
To improve your experience of using Our website, we sometimes embed content or functionality from third party websites. Pages with this embedded content may present cookies from these websites. We do not control the dissemination of these cookies. You should check the relevant third party website for more information about these. Examples of such third party cookies are:
YouTube: Clicking on an embedded YouTube video may set a cookie on your computer, but YouTube will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced mode. To find out more please visit YouTube’s embedding videos information page.
Twitter: We may use Twitter functionality to allow you to easily tweet links to our content. Navigating to pages with this functionality may embed a cookie on your computer. The Twitter privacy policy can be found at https://twitter.com/privacy
Privacy and payments
Online Payments
All of our online payments are taken through a secure payment gateway and no credit card details are ever stored on our servers.
Privacy Statement
We are firmly committed to protecting your privacy.
If you do not accept this Privacy Statement, please stop using our website (the "Website") and do not make any further use of it.  If you continue to access and use the Website then this will constitute your acceptance of this Privacy Statement.
In this Privacy Statement, the terms personal data and processing have the same meaning as in the Data Protection Act 1998.
We may revise this Privacy Statement at any time by amending this page. You must check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes We make, as they are binding on you (save that the changes will not apply in respect of personal data already collected about you unless the changes give you extra rights).
What Personal Data May We Collect From You?
We will not process any personal data collected through the Website unless We have first told you that We are going to do so or it is obvious how We will use it.
We may collect information about the software on your computer (your browser version etc.) and your IP address (your connection with the internet) in order to improve your interaction with the Website and for Our records.  This may happen automatically without you being aware of it.
We may use cookies (small text files which We and other website operators store on your computer when you visit our websites) to deliver a better and more personalised interaction. They enable Us to recognise you when you return to the Website, store information about your preferences, and improve the way your searches are processed.  They also enable Us to generate statistics about the number of visitors We have and how they use the Website and the internet.  You can set your browser to reject Our cookies if you wish (you should consult your browser help section for details), but this might restrict your use of the Website and other websites. For more information about cookies, please see our cookies statement.
How Will Your Personal Data Be Used?
We use personal data for the following purposes:
·         To provide individuals with the services they have requested through the Website.
·         For research purposes and to improve the services We offer.
·         In order to comply with Our legal obligations.
·         In order to protect Our contractual and other rights. For example, We may pass your details onto a third party should We believe that you have used another person's credit card fraudulently.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
We will not sell personal data.
We may disclose personal data to a third party if We have a legal obligation to do so and We have not voluntarily assumed that obligation.
How Will Your Personal Data Be Stored?
All personal data that you supply Us with is stored on our secured servers. For your protection, we never store and payment details.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information over the internet is not completely secure. Although We will do our best to ensure that your personal data is protected, We cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the Website. Any transmission of your personal data by you is therefore at your own risk. Once We have received your information, We will use strict procedures and security features to try and prevent unauthorised access.
Your Rights
You have a right to ask Us not to process your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
You have a right to know what personal data We hold, who We acquired it from, how We process it, the logic involved in any automatic processing, and who We disclose it to.  We will charge the statutory fee for dealing with your request, and this will usually be £10.
You have a right to ask Us not to make decisions based solely on the automatic processing of your personal data if those decisions affect you to a significant degree.
You have a right to ask Us not to process your personal data in a way that is likely to cause unwarranted and substantial damage or distress.
These statutory rights are qualified by exceptions and exemptions in the legislation.
To exercise any of these rights, please contact Us using the address in the General section of this document.
You can find out more about your rights from the Information Commissioner, who regulates data protection and privacy. The Information Commissioner's website is www.ico.gov.uk
Keep In Touch
Sign up to our newsletter
Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Site by Siruss