http://www.moneyadvisorsgroup.com/privacy.cfm
Protecting Your PrivacyBrokers International Financial Services, LLC (BI Financial Services) is committed to protecting the privacy and confidentiality of your personal information.  We believe that you should know about the information we collect, the measures we take to safeguard it, and the situations in which we might share information with select business partners.  Safeguards to Protect Privacy and Information Security We have implemented security standards and processes including physical, electronic and procedural safeguards.  We limit access to customer information to employees, registered representatives, investment adviser representatives or agents who may need it to do their job.  These individuals are required to respect the confidentiality of your personal information and understand their duty to safeguard it.   How We Collect Information We collect personal information about you in order to conduct business with you.  The information we collect varies depending on the products or services you request.  Some of the sources of this information are as follows:
Information provided in personal interviews or on application and related forms when you apply for products or services.  You may provide name, address, Social Security number, birth date, income, financial status, and employment information as well as information about your accounts with others.Identification and account information from your employer benefit plan sponsor, or association regarding any group product or services we may provide. Information we obtain from others.  This may include your claims reports, demographic and/or medical records, if applicable to your product or service, credit reports/history and similar data.Information we obtain through our transactions and experience with you.  This includes your claims history, payment and investment records, and account values and balances.
How We Share Information In the course of doing business we may share information with others.  This could include personal information about you.  Personal information may be shared with others for the following reasons:
We may be required by law or regulation to disclose information to third parties – for example, in response to a subpoena; to prevent fraud; to comply with the rules of or inquiries from government agencies or other industry regulators or for other legal purposes. With unaffiliated third parties (such as mutual fund companies, insurance companies or other product sponsors) and vendors (such as consumer reporting agencies, software developers or consulting firms) that service your accounts or that perform services on our behalf. We may disclose your information to other financial services companies with whom we may have joint marketing agreement (such as banks, credit unions, trust companies, insurance companies).   These companies are obligated to keep your personal information confidential and use the information only for the services allowed by applicable law. We may share your information with our affiliated companies, including our parent company, as permitted by law.
Other Disclosures We May Make We recognize that your relationship with your registered representative/investment adviser representative (representative) is important.  If your representative terminates his or her relationship with us and moves to another brokerage or investment advisory firm, your representative may wish to continue service to your account(s) at the new firm.  We or your representative may disclose your personal information to the new firm.  Similarly, if your account was opened with BI Financial Services because of your relationship with a financial institution, such as a bank, thrift, credit union, and your financial institution decides to enter into a new agreement with another broker-dealer to provide investments, BI Financial Services will share your information with your financial institution to continue service.  If you do not want BI Financial Services to disclose your personal information or if you do not want your representative to retain copies of personal information when he or she terminates with us, please contact us at 877-886-1939 or by mail at Broker International Financial Services, LLC, Attn: Compliance Department, 102 SE 13thStreet, Panora, IA 50216. Policy Relating to Former Customers If you decide to close your account with BI Financial Services or your account becomes inactive, our Privacy Policy will continue to apply to you.  Changes to Our Privacy Policy or Questions We will deliver our Privacy Policy annually in writing, as long as you maintain an ongoing relationship with BI Financial Services.  The policy may change from time to time; we will notify you of any material changes to our policy in writing when they occur.  You can always read our current Privacy Policy online at www.brokersifs.com.  Other Important Information Other than what is described in this notice, we will not share information about you with third parties to market products to you, unless we notify you about it first and receive your permission.  We do not sell or disclose your personal information to unaffiliated third-party marketing companies.  Our privacy practices comply with all applicable laws.  If a state’s privacy laws are more restrictive than those states in this policy, we comply with those laws.  BI Financial Services is a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC).  You can obtain information including a brochure by calling SIPC at 202-371-8300 or visiting their website at www.sipc.org.  The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) makes available information about the registration status and/or disciplinary record of broker-dealers and their registered representatives.  You can obtain this information by calling FINRA at 800-289-9999.  The FINRA website also contains other informative and useful information for investors at www.finra.org.