http://www.spantran-edu.com/privacy-policy
Services
Evaluations
Determine the equivalency of studies completed outside of the United States.
Translations
In addition to evaluating credentials, we also translate an array of materials and documents.
Verifications
We offer a unique process by which we check academic documents for authenticity.
Schedule of Fees
Fees are based on the type of evaluation and the speed of delivery.
Request Copies
Fill out and submit a request form to receive printed or emailed copies of your evaluation.
Institutions
Why SpanTran: TEC
Tools and FAQ's
FAQ's
Blog
Forms
Request Copies
Contact Us
Apply Online
Status Checker
Privacy Policy
We take your privacy very seriously and do not send information to 3rd parties without your approval.This is a web site of SpanTran: The Evaluation Company, Inc.SpanTran: The Evaluation Company collects the data that you enter when you fill out the online application for service in order to be able to deliver that service to you. The credit card information used to pay for the service is not kept by us any more than is necessary to fulfill the transaction and to keep records required as a merchant and taxpayer, and that information is kept secure and encoded to the extent that even we do not see all of it.Information released to us for the purpose of producing evaluations is kept on file according to the regulations governing our industry. It is kept so that we can update evaluations later on when requested, so that we can provide information to you when you ask for it, to verify your credentials when we are asked to do so, and to comply with whatever law applies to that information.SpanTran does not market any services to our customers other than credential evaluations and translations. We do not send out marketing material to you based on interactions with us over the internet.Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending email to us at the above address or calling us at the above telephone number or writing to us at the above address.
It is fast and easy - the application takes 5-10 minutes to complete.
Start your Application