http://www.tuxco.com/privacy-policy
About
Our Team
Our History
Our Partners
Products
Service Equipment
Testing Equipment
Washing Equipment
Resources
Warranty Info
Financing Info
Downloads
Blog
Contact
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.tuxco.com
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Contact forms
When visitors submit a contact form on the site we collect the data shown in the contact form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
This website may collect analytical information about your interaction with the site. No personal information will be included in this analytical data, only general information about your approximate location, the pages and posts you visit, the duration of that visit, and where you were referred from. This information is only collected to allow us to make decisions about website improvements and to determine the effectiveness of any marketing activity we may engage in.
Who we share your data with
Any data collected by this website is not shared or sold with anyone. Any data we collect is used for the purposes of customer service, or product, services and website improvements by us. The data may be visible to a service provider to assist us with assessment, but never sold or used to assist others in marketing communications with you. Any data you provide may also be verified through an automated service to detect for spam or malicious intent.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service. Anonymous data about your interaction with our website may be collected and stored using a third party analytics service such as Google Analytics.
How we protect your data
This site is fully encrypted and any information you provide is protected during submission. Your data is accessible only to us behind a secure log in system and is never provided to any outside persons, entities or services not clearly defined in this privacy policy.