https://www.window-cleaning-supply.com/privacy-policy
star
arrow-up
arrow-left
arrow-right
close
arrow-down
search
check-mark
plus
minus
avatar
calendar
delete
edit
phone
spinner8
What information do we collect?We collect information from you when you register on our site or fill out a form. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously, though we may collect data about the pages you visit for targeted advertising purposes.What do we use your information for?Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs).
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you).
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs).
To process transaction. Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased products or services requested by the customer.
To send periodic emails. The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related products or service information if you have signed up to receive our Newsletter.
How do we protect your information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you access your personal information. One of them, and probably the most important, is our Secure Socket Layer (AKA "SSL") Certificate. An SSL is a cryptographic protocol that provides security for communications over networks such as the internet. Basically it creates a code that only your computer and our server can understand. It would be meaningless pieces of code if intercepted by a third party. This feature is only active when you navigate to a secure area on our site such as a Log In page, Checkout page, Payment Processing page. Look for the closed lock icon right next to the address bar (Internet Explorer), at the bottom right of your browser (Firefox), top right corner (Google Chrome and Safari) or the "https://..." on the address bar.Do we use cookies?Yes, our site uses "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience and for targeted advertising purposes. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
Opt Out Of Targeted Advertising
You can opt out of targeted advertising here.Do we disclose any information to outside parties?No, we will not give your information to anyone else. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.Third party linksOccasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party links if we find them to be useful and time saving to our visitors. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about this sites.Your ConsentBy using our site, you consent to our Privacy Policy.Changes to our Privacy PolicyIf we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page.Contacting UsIf there are any questions regarding this Privacy Policy you may contact us using the information below:Email:info@window-cleaning-supply.comAddress:12371 Mead Way Littleton, CO 80125
USAPhones:1-303-989-40001-800-989-4003
order online
800.989.4003
303.985.1702
email
order form
My Account
Items in cart must be a total of $25 or more. Please add additional products to the cart to proceed.
close
search_icon
close
My Account
Log in
Email Address
*
Password
*
Forgot password?
New Customer
Create an account with us and you'll be able to:
Check out faster
Save multiple shipping addresses
Access your order history
Track new orders
Create Account
close
Forgot Password
Forgot Password
Fill in your email below to request a new password. An email will be sent to the address below containing a link to verify your email address.
Email Address
*
close