https://www.cpaglobal.com/privacy-statement
About
Sustainability
Careers
Login
EN-GB
Simplified Chinese
English - Nordics
Contact us
What we do
Solutions
Law Firms
Overview
Increase Practice Profitability
Enhance Client Services
Grow Your Practice
Corporates
Overview
Accuracy & Risk Mitigation
Strategy & Insight
Processes & Efficiency
Software & Services
Patent Search & Analytics Services
Overview
Patentability Search
Freedom to Operate
Invalidity Search
Technology Intelligence Study
Competitor Benchmark
Portfolio Diagnostic
Trademark and Domain Services
Overview
Trademark Search
Trademark Watch
Domain Name Management
Domain Name Watch
Internet Watch
Auction Watch
IP Renewals
Overview
Patent Renewals Service
Trademark Renewals Service
Patent Care Plus
Filing & Prosecution Support
Overview
Docketing Service
European Patent Validations
IDS & Reference Management
Paralegal Services
Recordals Services
Structured Invoice Management
Trademark Filing & Prosecution
IP Diagnostic Consulting
IP Management Software
Overview
Memotech
FoundationIP
Ipendo
Inprotech
Patrawin
The IP Management System
Unycom
IPFolio
IPSSdotNET
Extended Software Suite
Overview
File
Forecast
Renew App
Search App
IP Intelligence Software
Overview
Innography
Explorer
PatentScout
Patent Market Tracker
Citation Eagle
Filing Analytics
Document Management
Idea Management
Resources
Resource Library
Webinars & Events
Case Studies
Blog
About
Sustainability
Careers
Login
EN-GB
Simplified Chinese
English - Nordics
Contact us
WEBSITE PRIVACY NOTICE
Data privacy is important to CPA Global. This Privacy Notice describes the personal information we collect about you as a visitor to our website, how we use it, with whom we share it, and describes your choices regarding certain types of processing. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Notice, contact privacy@clarivate.com
1. Introduction
CPA Global Limited, Liberation House, Castle Street, St Helier, JE1 1BL, Jersey (“CPA Global”) is committed to protecting and respecting your data privacy and your right to fair and just processing of your personal data. When you choose to provide us with data about yourself, we recognise that you trust us to act in a responsible manner.
This Privacy Notice sets out the basis on which your personal data will be processed by CPA Global, the data controller of your personal data under the compliance requirements of the Jersey Data Protection Laws (the “Act”). Please also note that this Privacy Notice complies with the provisions of all applicable data protection laws, including the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679.  Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how it will be treated by us.
2. Personal data we may collect about you
Our objective at CPA Global is to be the IP solutions provider of choice by providing our users, customerss, contacts, prospects and other individuals with the information and services that are most relevant to them. To achieve this goal and to pursue our legitimate interests as a service provider to render the requested services, we need to collect information to understand what differentiates you from each of our other unique visitors. Such information may include Personal Data.
“Personal Data” means any information that identifies you directly or indirectly, including, without limitation, by reference to your name, e-mail address, login ID and other contact or location data or to one of more factors specific to your physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity, that you voluntarily transmit with your communication to us.
We may collect the following types of Personal Data about you:
Device information: information such as what kind of browser a visitor is on, what operating system they are using, their IP address, cookie information, time stamp (time page accessed as well as time spent per web page) and their clickstream information (for example, which pages they have viewed and how long they have been there).
Contact details and CPA Global account details: In certain sections of the website, it may invite you to contact us to pose questions, request information or complete a registration form. We may ask for Personal Data to be entered as a means of registration before accessing a certain part of the website. Visitors of the website do not have an obligation to enter any of their Personal Data, but information will be required in order to provide our content and services.
Transaction information: The website may also collect Personal Data when you use certain CPA Global services, through the use of the website or hypersite web pages, or when you enter promotions or contests offered by CPA Global on and through the website.
Information received from third parties: We may receive information from credit reference or similar agencies as part of our pre-contractual process. In addition, we may use providers who help us ensure the relevance of our marketing communications and advertising by using the information they hold about you.
There may also be instances where we will require your Personal Data for the purposes of complying with our duties and exercising our rights and obligations under a contract for services that we have with you, without which we may not be able to provide such services.
3. What we use your personal data for
We may use data held about you in the following ways for the purpose of internal administration and to ensure that the content on this website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer, and for further purposes described below:
Personal data used
Purpose
CPA Global Account Details
Contact Details
To allow us to verify your username and password when you are logging on to certain restricted areas of the website
To register you to use CPA Global services
To contact you to deliver certain services or information you have requested
To provide you with notices regarding our services
And other processing necessary to fulfil a contract with you and in connection with our legitimate interest to provide services to you in an efficient, secure and personalised way.
Transaction information
Contact Details
Device information
To send you personalised marketing communications, alerts and newsletters through our marketing channels, subject to your consent or otherwise as permitted by law, in order to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you such as important changes to this website, new CPA Global services or changes to existing services and special offers we think you will find valuable. For these purposes, we may create a profile about you, which will also enable us to increase our communication relevance
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service where you choose to do so
To improve the content and general administration of the website and our services
To understand our visitors
And other processing necessary in connection with our legitimate interest to send you relevant information about our products and services, which may be subject to your consent where required by law, and to develop our content based on our users’ interests
We will process information in connection with any job applications that you may make to us, carry out profiling for recruitment purposes, manage your login details on our careers platform and use recruitment tools that allow us to assess our applicants’ suitability for specific roles.
The website may process information that will be maintained, used and disclosed in aggregate form only, for example, without limitation, the total number of visitors to our website, the number of visitors to each page of our website, browser type, External Websites (as set out in section 7 below) linked to and IP addresses. CPA Global may analyse this data for trends and statistics in the aggregate, and we may use such aggregate information to administer the website, track users’ movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
We may also process your information for our legitimate interest to ensure the security of your user account and our business, to prevent or detect fraud or abuses of our websites, products and services, to implement and enforce our general terms and conditions of business or any other agreements concluded with you, and to administer technical aspects of our website, including troubleshooting, diagnosis of technical and service problems, testing, encryption and similar operations.
Where necessary in order to comply with applicable law we may process your information in response to a request from a court, regulatory body or law enforcement.
4. Who we share your personal data with
We may share your Personal Data with the following parties:
Companies in the same group of companies as us: We may disclose your Personal Data to any member of our group which means any company or partnership which is wholly or partly owned by any of CPA Global’s general partners and any subsidiary or holding company of such company or partnership or any partnership of which such company is a partner (the “CPA Global Group”).
Our outsourcing partners: Where we use suppliers, service providers and consultants in connection with our business activities, they may have access to your information which they will process on our behalf.
Third parties: We will only disclose your Personal Data to third parties under the following conditions:-
if we are required to disclose or share your Personal Data in order to comply with any legal obligation or in order to enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions or any other agreement; or protect the rights, property, or safety of CPA Global, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for protection against credit risk and fraud;
in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets in which case we may disclose your Personal Data to the seller or buyer of such business or assets;
if CPA Global or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case Personal Data held by it about its customers will of course be one of the transferred assets; and/or
with your specific consent either at the time you register with this website, or subsequently.
We do not disclose Personal Data to anyone else except as set out above.
IP Addresses and Cookies
We may collect information about your computer or device including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type for system administration. This is data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns and may also identify any individuals.
We may obtain information about your general Internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer or mobile device. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive or mobile device. They help us to improve our website and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us to collect information as is necessary for our legitimate interest to provide services to you in an efficient, secure and personalised way, including:-
to estimate our audience size and usage pattern
to store information about your preferences and so allow us to customise this website  according to your individual interests
to speed up your searches
to recognise you when you return to this website
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser, which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of this website. For more information, please refer to our Cookie Notice.
5. Where we store your personal data
Given the global nature of our company, the Personal Data we collect from you will be transferred to and stored in different locations around the world with different privacy and data protection laws than your own, including the United States. This means that, if you reside inside the European Union, for example, your Personal Data may be transferred to locations outside the European Union, and vice versa. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Where we have provided you with or where you have chosen a password which enables you to access certain parts of this website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. You must not share your password with anyone.
We protect our transfers from the European Economic Area with approved legal safeguards that may include: (1) the existence of a European Commission adequacy decision (covering, for example, transfers to Canada, New Zealand, and Switzerland; (2) our Intra-Group Agreement incorporating Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission; (3) Standard Contractual Clauses and other contract terms executed between CPA Global and a third-party data processor; or (4) the existence of Binding Corporate Rules or other certification mechanism approved by the European Union.
If you are located in the European Economic Area or in the UK, you may contact us for a copy of the safeguards which we have put in place to protect your Personal Data in these circumstances.
6. How long do we keep Personal Data for
We will keep your Personal Data for as long as is necessary in connection with the purposes set out above, or for as long as you are a customer of CPA.  After our relationship is terminated we will keep your Personal Data for a reasonable period, to maintain our records in accordance with the law and our legitimate business needs We may keep an anonymised form of your Personal Data, which will no longer refer to you, for statistical purposes without time limits, to the extent that we have a legitimate and lawful reason to do so.
7. Your right to unsubscribe (opt-out)
If you would like us to stop sending you marketing communications you may email us at unsubscribe@cpaglobal.com or the unsubscribe link in our marketing communications. Although we encourage you to use the unsubscribe link because it is automated, you may also send us a request by using our contact form. If possible, please include a copy of the communication you received to help facilitate a timely and accurate removal.
8. Your rights
This website may from time to time contain links to and from external websites, as well as our partner and/or affiliate websites. If you follow a link to their websites, please note that these websites will be covered by their own privacy notice (PN) and/or personal information collection statement (PICS). CPA Global does not accept any responsibility or liability for protection of Personal Data which you may submit to a third party’s website. We recommend that you check the wording of the relevant privacy notices before you submit any Personal Data to those websites.
Subject to certain provisions, you have the following general rights in relation to your Personal Data:
the right to be informed about how your Personal Data is being used;
the right to access the Personal Data we hold about you;
the right to withdraw consent or opt-out of receiving direct marketing messages;
the right to request the correction of inaccurate Personal Data we hold about you;
the right to request the blocking or deletion of your Personal Data where the processing does not comply with applicable data protection laws;
The right to object to object to processing activities, including where profiling activities occur;
The right to request that our processing activities are restricted, where for example you have contested that the Personal Data held by us may be inaccurate;
The right to contest a decision made regarding automated processing which significantly affects you;
The right to receive the Personal Data that you have provided to us in an appropriate format with a view to transferring that Personal Data to a separate service provider; and
The right to file a complaint with the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) or your local data protection regulator, if you are unhappy with the way we are using your Personal Data. The contact number for the ICO is 0303 123 1113 or you can access their
To exercise any of the above rights, or if you have any questions relating to your rights, please contact us by using the details set out in the "Contacting us" section below". We will generally aim to respond to enquiries within 7 days or sooner where required by law.
9. Security of your information
We endeavour to protect your information through the measures set out below. Unfortunately, we cannot always guarantee complete security. Unauthorised entry or use, hardware or software failures, events outside our control and other factors, may compromise the security of your information. Nevertheless, we will comply with our obligation to implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure a level of security of Personal Data appropriate to safeguard against the risks of a personal data breach.
10. Children
Our website and services are not intended for children under the age of 16. If you are under 16, please ask your parent or guardian before using our website or services.
11. Contacting us
We are here to help and encourage you to contact us first to resolve your complaint.
Please contact us at data.privacy@clarivate.com with any questions or comments.
It is very important to us that your experience using cpaglobal.com is positive. We respect your rights to privacy and the fair and just processing of your Personal Data.