http://www.sps-europe.com/privacy/
Home | About us | Manufacturers | Terms | Featured items | Documentation  | Services | Contact
Shoppingcart (0)
+31 341 360 590
x
Go to products >
Handling-Shipping
Wetprocess
Thin-Films
Photolithography
Privacy policy
SPS-Europe B.V. | Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to the processing of personal data from website visits, transactions and agreements with SPS-Europe B.V., a company registered in Putten (3882 TS), The Netherlands, and its affiliates. SPS-Europe B.V. are responsible for the processing of personal data as specified in this privacy policy.
Contact Details:
Website: https://www.sps-europe.com
Address: Midden Engeweg 41, 3882 TS Putten
Tel: +31 341 360 590
Email: dataprivacy@sps-europe.com
Privacy officer: J.L.M Hilhorst
Personal data that we process We value the privacy of our business relations. When you visit our website, no personal data will be registered by us without your consent. We do keep records that do not contain personal information, for instance with Google Analytics. This is to gain insight into usage of our website only. In certain parts of our website we will ask you for your personal data, for example when you want to become a customer or require documentation or price information. We will only use this information for the services you require.
Purpose for processing personal data In order to be of service to you, SPS-Europe needs to process and save some of your personal data. We process the following personal data: name and company address details, telephone numbers, e-mail addresses, billing information such as credit card number and billing address and other information that you actively provide to us in the context of our services. We use this data for the following purposes:
- Product and service development
- Execution of agreements (issuing of a proposal, correspondence, providing information and services, and contractual obligations).
- Product- and service development
- Determination of strategy and policy
- If necessary to trace irregular behavior of SPS-Europe, her relations and employees
Special and/or sensitive personal data that we process
Our website and /or service does not intend to collect information about website visitors who are younger than 16 years, unless they have permission from parents or guardians. However, we cannot check whether a visitor is older than 16. We encourage parents to be involved in the online activities of their children, in order to prevent data concerning children being collected without parental consent. If you are convinced that we have collected personal information about a minor without permission, please contact us at dataprivacy@sps-europe.com and we will delete this information.
Sharing personal data with third parties SPS-Europe shares your personal data to third parties only and insofar as this is necessary for the execution of our agreement with you or to comply with a legal obligation. We do not sell the information we collect to other organizations for commercial purposes. However, for overseas customers, information may be shared with our international dealers and manufacturers.
Use of cookies, or similar techniques SPS-Europe does not use cookies that require consent, nor similar techniques. SPS-Europe’s website may contain external links. Notwithstanding careful monitoring of the contents, we do not take responsibility for the correctness of external links. For the content of linked information, only their operators can be held responsible.
Automated decision-making SPS-Europe makes no decisions based on automated processing. These are decisions taken by computer programs or systems, without a person (for example a SPS-Europe employee) being involved.
How we protect personal data SPS-Europe is serious about the protection of your data and takes appropriate measures to prevent misuse, loss, unauthorized access, unwanted disclosure and unauthorized modification. Our website meets certified safety standards, meaning all data between browser and webserver are encrypted. You can recognize this by the green address bar in your browser, the lock and our company name in the address bar.
If you have the impression that your data is not secure or that there are indications of abuse, please contact us at privacy@sps-europe.com.
Storage of personal data SPS-Europe does not store your personal data longer than is strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which your data was collected. SPS-Europe stores personal data during the term of the agreement and, in principle, up to 2 years after the end of the service. For contractual agreements we keep data for the legally required 7 years or as long as the duration of the contract. You can request the deletion of your personal data from our files at all times.
A request can be submitted to: customerservice@sps-europe.com
View, modify or delete data You have the right to view, correct or delete your personal data. In addition, you have the right to withdraw your consent to the data processing or to object to the processing of your personal data by SPS-Europe. You also have the right to data portability. This means that you can submit a request to us to send you or another organization your personal information in a computer file.
A request for inspection, correction, deletion or transfer of your personal data can be send to customerservice@sps-europe.com. The same applies in the event of cancellation of your consent or objection to the processing of your personal data.
If you do not want to receive e-mails, phone calls or email from us in the future, please let us know by sending an email to us at the above address.
E-mail This privacy policy also applies to our e-mail messages. If you supply us with your email address, you may receive emails from us. Please note that email and its content is confidential and not to be shared, copied or published to third parties. If the received email message is not intended for you, we request you to return it directly to us and then destroy it.
Modifications to Privacy Policy SPS-Europe reserves the right to periodically change or update this privacy policy. Any such amendment to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon our posting of the revised Privacy Policy on our website.
This privacy policy was issued on the 25th of May 2018
Terms
Privacy policy
Mobile version
About us
Sponsoring Membership Terms of use Privacy
SPS Offices
The Netherlands Germany United Kingdom Belgium France Italy Singapore
Products
Handling/Shipping Wetprocess Thin Films Photolithography
Contactpersons
Find your local contact:
SPS Sites
Esproflow.com Spincoating.com
© 2017 SPS Europe, Inc. All Rights Reserved.