http://www.unitedonesource.com/privacy-policy
Home - Privacy Policy | United One Source
Privacy PolicyWhen you purchase from United One Source, information that personally identifies you or your business will be collected. However, the amount of personal/business information that is requested will be limited to that which is necessary to carry out the transaction that you have requested.
We may collect information including address, contact information, e-mail address, credit cardholder name, card number and expiration date, IP address, browsing history and order activity.
United One Source collects and stores this information in order to process your order, improve site functionality and marketing purposes. Users may also receive occasional offers from United One Source’s special partners or serve you relevant ads on third-party sites.Use of Your Personal/Business InformationThe personal/business information collected will be used by United One Source to provide a service or carry out the transaction you have requested or authorized. We may also use it for the following purposes: To provide important information about a product or service that is new and may be of interest to you.To make this website easier to use by eliminating the need for you to repeatedly enter the same information.To improve our products and to provide excellent customer service to you. Except as described below, United One Source does not transfer your personal/business information to any third parties.
We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as labeling and distribution of catalogs, direct mail about United One Source products and services, shipping of United One Source’s products, or processing event registration. We will only provide those companies the personal/business information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
United One Source may disclose personal/business information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) protect and defend the rights or property/product/services of United One Source; (b) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of United One Source employees; (c) perform credit checks; and (d) initiate debt collection services.Controlling Your Personal/Business InformationThe personal/business information collected through this website resides in a single location. United One Source maintains control over your personal/business information, therefore if changes are needed you must call 214-630-6100 to talk with a Customer Service Representative to assist you with this change. Contact Information
Should you have questions about this policy, please contact us by e-mail at customerservice@unitedonesource.comor by postal mail:
United One Source, Inc. 2830 Merrell Road Dallas, TX 75229Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe reserve the right to change the terms of this privacy policy at any time, but will not do so without posting the revised policy on this website. We encourage you to review this privacy policy to make sure you understand how we use the information we collect.Website & Password SecuritySecure Tools to help you manage your business
United One Source uses technologies that protect the safety and security of your personal/business information while doing business with us online.