http://www.concrete-home.com/about/privacy_policy.htm
Solutions
Why ICF
Resilient Protection
Sustainable Comfort
Cozy Basements
Financial Benefits
Energy Performance
Case Studies
FAQ
Products
Quad-Lock Walls Overview
-Panels
-Ties
-Corner Brackets
-Metal Tracks & Top Ties
-Bracing Solutions
-Useful Accessories
Quad-Deck Floors & Roofs
Insulation Boards & Geofoam
Retrofit Insulation System
Resources
Technical Library
Training, Events, CE
Installer Training Video
Building Code Compliance
Product Manuals
Gallery
Benefits Video
Assembly Time-Lapse Videos
Floors & Roofs Video
Photo Gallery
Wall 3D Illustrations
Floors & Roofs Photos
Wall Details - Photos
Residential Project Photos
Commercial Project Photos
About
About Us
Find a Dealer
Business Opportunities
News
Quote
Contact
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. Our goal is to treat the personal information you provide with the utmost respect and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Please
read on for details about our practices for handling and securing your personal
information.
By accessing, using and/or downloading materials from this Site, you agree on
your own behalf and on behalf of each person on whose behalf you act to the
terms of this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Information specific to certain products or services from Quad-Lock can be
found as additional privacy information we include when discussing that product
or service. This information is provided as an addendum to this policy, as
various laws or the nature of those products or services may require additional
description and disclosures. In addition, when you provide your personal
information to us in an on-line request for one of our products or services,
more specific details on how we may use and treat that information may be
provided with the request.
What Information Do We Collect?
Anonymous browsing
You can visit this Site without telling us who you are or revealing any
information about yourself, including your e-mail address. In this case, our
Web server may collect the name of the IP address you used to access the
Internet and the web site you came from and visit next. This information is
used by us and our business partners to measure the number of visits,
average time spent, page views, and other statistics about visitors to this
Site in general. We may also use this data to monitor site performance, for
systems administration purposes, to make this Site easier and more
convenient to use and to report information in aggregate form to our
advisers (e.g. how many visitors log in to this Site).
Cookies & Similar Technologies
Quad-Lock uses cookies (small text files placed on your device) and similar technologies to provide our websites and online services and to help collect data. Cookies allow us, among other things, to store your preferences and settings; enable you to sign-in; provide interest-based advertising; combat fraud; and analyze how our websites and online services are performing.
We also use web beacons to help deliver cookies and gather usage and performance data. Our websites may include web beacons and cookies from third-party service providers.
You have a variety of tools to control cookies, web beacons and similar technologies, including browser controls to block and delete cookies and controls from some third-party analytics service providers to opt out of data collection through web beacons and similar technologies. Your browser and other choices may impact your experiences with our products.
Personal Information Collection
There are times when we may ask you for or you may choose to provide
information about yourself and your business to assist us in meeting your needs. This information may be used for the purpose of providing you
with products or services you have requested, servicing your account,
improving our services, developing and / or informing you of additional
products or services provided by Quad-Lock or any direct or indirect
subsidiary or parent company thereof (an "affiliate" of Quad-Lock or "our
affiliate") or our business partners that may be of interest, or answering
questions you may have. To provide these services, we may need to ask you
directly to provide, among other things, your name, email, mailing address, postal
code, phone number.
Communication of Your Personal Information to Affiliates and Third Parties
When you provide information to us, we may communicate and disclose your
information to our affiliates, and we and our affiliates may communicate and
disclose your information to other third parties, for the purpose of fulfilling,
servicing and completing your requests and the transactions related thereto.
These affiliates and third parties may be in Canada or in other parts of the
world.
We may also communicate and disclose such information to our affiliates, and
we and our affiliates may communicate and disclose your information to other
third parties, in order to offer you other products and services that may be of
interest to you unless you notify us of your intention to opt-out in the manner
described below. Occasionally, we will send you e-mail communications with
information, which may be useful to you, including information and offerings
about our products and services or those of our affiliates or third parties
unless you decide to unsubscribe in the manner described below. If you do not
want Quad-Lock to use your personal information or to share your personal
information with our affiliates or third parties for the purpose of offering you
other products and services, or if you do not want to receive any future such
e-mail or other marketing contacts, please notify us via our
Contact Us Form.
We may also aggregate statistics that we gather about our customers, sales,
traffic patterns, and products and services and provide these statistics to
third parties; however, when we do, these statistics will not include any
personal information that identifies individuals. All reasonable measures have
also been taken so that the information you provide to us will not be used by
our affiliates or third parties for purposes other than those indicated herein.
We may also use, disclose and communicate your personal information if
required to do so by law including by an order of any court.
In the event that we disclose your personal information to an affiliate or
third party, and if you give your consent to such person to collect, use,
disclose or communicate such information for new or different purposes than
those set out in this Privacy Policy, then you agree that, to the extent
permitted by law, such person may collect, use, disclose and communicate such
information for those purposes as well as for those set out herein.
How Do You Access and Update Your Information?
A copy of the personal information you provide to us and which we retain is
kept on our servers. You
may request that we modify or delete information we have gathered during
your visit by writing us via our
Contact Us Form.
How is Your Information Secured and Protected?
Where Quad-Lock considers it appropriate, Quad-Lock uses encryption and/or
authentication tools among other methods to protect certain web-based personal
information. E-mails you send us are not necessarily secure when they are
transmitted to us. If your communication is sensitive or includes confidential
information such as a credit card number, you may want to provide it by post or
via the telephone instead.
We instruct our employees with access to your information that it is to be
used only in adherence with the principles set forth in this Privacy Policy and
the laws applicable to each specific business. Employees who misuse customer
information may be subject to disciplinary action.
What if We Change Our Privacy Policy?
Quad-Lock reserves the right to modify or supplement this Privacy Policy
statement at anytime. If we make any material change to this Privacy Policy, we
will update this Site to include such changes and post a notice of such changes
at this Site. Please read any such notice and the new policy statement. Your
continued use of this Site or downloading or use of materials from it after we
post such notice will constitute your acceptance of the new terms and their
application to your use of this Site and the information disclosed for such use,
including information previously furnished to us, as if they were the initial
terms. However, we will seek your consent if we want to use your personal
information for purposes other than those you have agreed to previously.
Website Links
This Site may contain links to other sites, including those of our business
partners, vendors and advertisers. While we try to link only to sites that share
our high standards and respect for privacy, please understand that we are not
responsible for the content of the privacy practices employed by other sites.
We Want Your Feedback
We encourage you to contact us via our Contact Us Form, if
you have questions about information security, privacy and usage that were not
answered here. We welcome any suggestions to our Privacy Policy.
Quote
Contact
Library
FAQ