http://www.palisadesfcu.org/privacy-and-security/website-privacy
Business AccountsBusiness Checking
Business Savings & Investments
Member Resources
Member Perks
Advantage Pricing Program
Holiday Hours
Locations & Hours
Palisades Perks
Sign up for Palisades E-News
Sponsorships
Boulders Discounts
Scholarships
Skip-A-Pay
Resources
Blog
Contact Us
FAQs
Security Alerts
Podcasts
Publications
Website Privacy
Home > Privacy & Security
WEBSITE PRIVACY STATEMENT
Palisades Credit Union respects your privacy and we are committed to keeping your personally identifiable and financial information confidential and secure.
Through our website, we strive to provide important and up to date information regarding our services. This includes information about our personal checking and loan products, business loans, asset management services, our branch locations and hours of operation, and how to contact us.
This website privacy statement explains how we collect and use information you provide through your interaction with the PFCU website and for advertising purposes. It does not apply to information obtained by other methods or controlled by other agreements such as our general Privacy Notice outlined above.
Site Usage
When you visit our website, we may collect and store information about your visit on an anonymous, aggregate basis and use it for internal review purposes only. This information may include the date, time and length of your visit, the pages you visit on our website, the web browser used, the domain from which you access the internet, the Internet Protocol (IP) address (to determine location), links clicked and conversion information.
PFCU may use the information we collect to analyze and track data, determine what content is most popular, measure the number of visitors to different sections of our website, and assist us in making our website more useful to consumers based on their interests.
The anonymous information about your visits may be collected by using various technologies, such as cookies. Cookies are small text files placed on your computer or other devices you may be using, such as a tablet or smartphone when you visit a website. The cookie is a randomly generated 18 digit ID number that uniquely identifies a web browser on a specific computer, but is not used to identify an individual person. Cookies allow a website to recognize a particular device or browser and remember information about that device’s preferences when visiting the website again.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you block all cookies, you may find that certain features on our website will not work properly.
Google Technologies
We use Analytics and Tracking technologies provided by Google, Inc. to gather information for analysis and remarketing. We use Google Analytics to better understand the activity on our site and to improve our content. This is done based on the keywords you used to find us on the web. We use Google AdWords and the associated remarketing tool to show ads on sites across the Internet. Google may use cookies to serve ads based upon your past visits to our site. For example, you visit our site to get information about our mortgage loans, then you leave the site without filling out an application. After that, you might see our Mortgage ads on other web pages you visit.
If you wish to opt-out of Google’s use of cookies, you can visit Google’s Ads Settings.
If you wish to opt-out of Google Analytics visit the Google Analytics opt-out page.
If you wish to opt-out of a third- party vendor’s use of cookies visit the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
For more information you can read the Google Privacy Policy.
Changes to this Website Privacy Statement:
Palisades reserves the right to amend this Website Privacy Statement as needed to reflect legal and regulatory changes, technological advancements, or changes in PFCU practices.
How to contact us about this Website Privacy Statement:
If you have any questions about our website or this privacy statement, please contact our Member Contact Center, 1-800-438-7415
Last Updated
7/24/2019
Go to main navigation
Privacy & Security | Terms of Use | Routing Number 221979101 | Careers | Website Privacy | Site Map
See All | Contract AllHomePersonal Accounts
Borrowing
Auto Loan
Boat, Motorcycle, RV Loan
Home Equity Line of Credit
Home Equity Loan
Credit Card
Mortgages
Personal Loan
Student Loan
Student Loan Consolidation
Holiday Loan Special
Savings
Savings Accounts
Money Market Accounts
Certificates
IRA
Club Accounts
Youth Accounts
Lucky Savers
Business Accounts
Business CheckingBusiness SavingsMember Resources
Palisades Perks
International Credit Union Day
Advantage Pricing ProgramSecurity AlertsFAQsPublicationsLocations & HoursScholarship