https://www.americanprobe.com/policies.html
×
Warning
Cookies are used on this site to provide the best user experience. If you continue, we assume that you agree to receive cookies from this site. OK
$ Applied for purchase: $
€
£
$ Applied for purchase:
($)
($)
(€)
(£)
My Account
Orders
Wish list
Track my order(s)
Track my order(s)
Sign inRegister
Email
PasswordForgot your password?
Register for a new account
Sign in
Remember me
0
Notifications0
No notifications available!
Cart is empty
Cart is empty
View cart
Support Topics
Contact APT
Company
Policies
FRAUDULENT CHECK ALERT
Map to APT
Links and Sales Contacts
Product SupportProbe QuestionsProbe packaging box
What is the difference between etched and ground probes?
Probe contact resistance
Probe profile chart
Application Notes74CJ Coaxial Probe Application Notes
Agilent App Notes (Requires Acct Logon)
Environmental ComplianceEU REACH Statement
RoHS Compliance
Dodd-Frank Conflict Minerals Statement
Menu
Analytical Probes
Disposable Probes
70 Series Probes - Custom diameter
71 Series Probes - 10 mil diameter shank
72 Series Probes - 20 mil diameter shank
73 Series Coaxial & Kelvin Probes
74 Series - Probe Holders
DC Probe Holders
Coaxial Probe Holders
Triaxial Probe Holders
PCW Series High Current Wedge Probe
New Probing Projects
Cables and Adapters
76 Series Coaxial Patch Cables
79 Series Coaxial and Triaxial Adapters
86 Series Triaxial Patch Cables
Micropositioners and Adapters
78 Series Mounting Adapters
Micropositioners
Wafer Chuck
Thermal Wafer Chucks
HC4000 Series Thermal Wafer Chucks
HC5000 Series Hot Chucks
HC6000 Series Thermal Wafer Chucks
More Thermal Wafer Chucks
IsoChucks
Software
ProbeIV
Test Software for the 4140 and 4062
Wirebonding
Ambient Wirebonding Workholders
Heated Wirebonding Workholders
Wirepull Testers
Heater Controllers
Other Products
Surplus Equipment
Manual Probe Stations
Miscellaneous Items
Micropositioners
Wirebonding
Microscopes
Ultrasonic Cutters
Lab Supplies
Probe Card Characterization System
WEC Products
Lab Aids & Supplies
Technical Info
Documentation
Photos
Home/Policies
My Account
My Account
Orders
Wish list
Track my order(s)
Track my order(s)
Sign inRegister
Email
PasswordForgot your password?
Register for a new account
Sign in
Remember me
Policies
Before ordering, please note the following:
PAYMENT INFORMATION:
If the payment option of “Purchase Order” is selected, an original copy of the PO contract must be emailed to sales@americanprobe.com; or faxed to: +1 408-263-3797.
If the payment is made by "Credit Card" but you would prefer to fax this sensitive personal information instead of providing on line, please use this "Credit Card Authorization Form". You may fax to APT's secure fax number of +1 408-263-3797.
If the payment option of “Wire Transfer” is selected, a $30.00 USD fee is added to the invoice to cover processing.   If you have not been approved by APT to make payment via “Wire Transfer” in the past, APT will not process the order until the funds are transferred in advance to assure the order is made in “good faith” and the order will be honored.
Bank Wire Transfer information for APT is:
Due to recent fraudulent activities, this information was removed.Please contact our Sales Office for further assistance.
PayPal payment should be processed to:
American Probe & Technologies, Inc. Account: sales@americanprobe.com Fees: $12.00 USD plus 2% transaction fee (this amount is added to the invoice)
QUANTITY DISCOUNTS:
APT offers quantity discounts on probe orders beginning at 50 pieces. The probes are normally sold in boxes of 10 or 25; however, the prices listed are based on unit cost. APT includes a quality guarantee of an additional probe packaged with each box at no charge (applies to tungsten probes of the 72A, 72C, 72F, 72S, 72T, and 72X series with 25 per box only). Quantity discounts apply to all probe orders placed for the same model and style of probe, ordered at the same time, and with one shipment date. Blanket orders are excluded from these criteria, must meet the yearly minimum quantity, and must not exceed twelve (12) shipments per calendar year. Companies that qualify for the OEM discounts receive an additional 5% discount, computed as quantity plus OEM for a total discount taken from the base price.
Quantity
Discount %
1    -    49
net
50   -  249
less 5%
250  -   499
less 10%
500  -  over
less 15%
GUARANTEE: American Probe & Technologies' products are guaranteed to be free of defects in materials and workmanship for a period of one year from purchase date (Excludes consumables, example: replaceable probes). If you have any concerns regarding your order, APT will be happy to assist you. Your business is important to us, and your satisfaction is guaranteed. APT looks forward to working closely with you as our client, providing products that best meet your requirements. This guarantee is limited to the repair or replacement of equipment and excludes normal cleaning and preventative maintenance adjustments. All returns must be authorized prior to their return by American Probe & Technologies, Inc.
PURCHASE TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
Domestic payment terms offered are net 30 days to qualifying companies. A finance charge of 1.75% will be applied monthly to unpaid balances due over 30 days. International orders require payment terms of COD, international bank transfer, credit card, or Net 30 on qualifying companies only. Customer may cancel all or any portion of an order for any standard product within 30 days prior to shipment, subject to a 25% cancellation price based on the selling price agreed upon and listed on the clients issued and APT accepted purchase order.  Client may cancel any custom product 30 days prior to shipment subject to a 50% cancellation price based on the selling price agreed upon and listed on the clients issued and APT accepted purchase order.  All International orders require customer's shipping account number for processing. Depending on the nature of any custom order, a non-refundable 30%-50% prepaid security deposit may be required upon placing the order.  Upon receipt of your Sales Order Confirmation, you the purchaser should confirm the information, specifications, prices and delivery dates for accuracy. Once the order has been shipped (from APT) and received by the purchasing party, you must report any discrepancies in the received items, specifications, models, quantities or damage within SEVEN (7) calendar days in writing to American Probe & Technologies sales or customer service departments.
ERRORS & OMISSIONS:
If this web site information is found to contain errors in description, price, or application; American Probe & Technologies responsibility is limited to the refund of the product at its purchase price less shipping charges.  There is no warranty of these products for a particular application, fitness, or merchantability for said application.  American Probe & Technologies is held harmless for any damages either monetarily, lost labor or production time in the sale or use of the products offered, sold, or purchased.
Minimum order amount: $50.00 Inside USA/ $125.00 on International Shipments.
All amounts listed are in US Dollars and are EXW American Probe & Technologies, Inc. Merced, CA.
SHIPPING CHARGES:
Actual shipping charges billed shall be paid by the client and added to the invoice.  In the case of customers providing their own shipping account information, APT does not add any handling fee.
VAT and Duties for International Customers:
The customer is responsible for any fees charged by the shipping company or the taxing authorities of the receiving country.  If the shipping company bills APT for any outstanding duties, the client authorizes APT to bill and/or use the payment method provided to cover the actual fees billed.
International customers please provide your shipping information in the shipping account field of your user profile or in the comment field when placing an order.
Privacy Policy
Call
Send SMS
Add to Skype
You'll need Skype CreditFree via Skype
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which American Probe & Technologies, Inc collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the http://www.americanprobe.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by American Probe & Technologies, Inc.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, fill out a form, respond to a survey, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
American Probe & Technologies, Inc may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To run and operate our Site We may need your information display content on the Site correctly.
To improve customer service Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To process payments We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To manage product reviews and ratings We may use third party service providers to help us manage product reviews and ratings left by Users.
To send periodic emails We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. Our Site is also in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for Users
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Electronic newsletters
If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
American Probe & Technologies, Inc has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes. This privacy policy was built with the www.PrivacyPolicies.com generator.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us.
This document was last updated on January 10, 2020
Tweet
Things you may not know about APT
American Probe & Technologies manufactures custom products to meet your unique probing requirement.  Contact us for details.
Over the last 30 years, American Probe & Technologies' products have been distributed worldwide through most major OEM's.
APT ships worldwide directly to most locations.
Do you have an idea for your probing requirement? Contact APT to find out how we can make your idea a reality to meet your needs.
Cart content
Cart is empty
Cart is empty
View cart
My Account
Orders
Wish list
Track my order(s)
Track my order(s)
Sign inRegister
Email
PasswordForgot your password?
Register for a new account
Sign in
Remember me
Technical Resources
Probe QuestionsApplication NotesEnvironmental Compliance
About APT
APT Background
Policies and T&C's
Contact APT
Sitemap
Company Address
American Probe & Technologies, Inc.
1795 Grogan Avenue
Merced, CA  95341
United States of America
Tel: (408) 263-3356Fax: (408) 263-3797
Email: sales@americanprobe.com
©
1986 -
2020 American Probe & Technologies.  Edited 5/16/16 -
Website Edited by CEllc