http://www.dnfa.com/cookie-policy/
Home
/
Cookie Policy
About Cookies, and how we use them
Cookie policy
This policy (‘Cookie Policy’) forms part of Dreweatts’ privacy policy (‘Privacy Policy’) and it is set out separately for transparency and clarity. This page tells you more about what cookies are and how we use them. Here you will also find information about how to manage cookie settings. By using this website, you are confirming that you are happy to accept our use of cookies.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small data files that are placed onto your computer's hard drive or in your web browser memory when you visit a website. Cookies are integral to the way modern websites work. This information stored on your browser might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to.
Are cookies safe?
Yes, they are. Cookies are small text files. They cannot look into your computer or read any personal information or other material on your hard drive. Cookies cannot transmit viruses or install anything harmful on your computer.
How we use cookies
Using our website will result in us placing cookies on your computer in the 4 categories set out below:
Strictly necessary: These cookies are essential to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website or placing bids. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.
Functionality: These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation and may be used to make your browsing experience more convenient by, for example, remembering your details when you fill out online forms. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.
Analytical/Performance: These cookies collect information about the numbers of visitors using our website and how the visitors use the website, for instance which pages are most visited. The information we are provided with is aggregate and therefore anonymous. The information is only used to improve how the website works.
Targeting or Advertising: We sometimes partner with third parties to deliver more relevant advertisements and to compile web statistics. These third parties may use cookies and other tracking technology to monitor your visits to both Dreweatts’ and other websites. They monitor your online behaviour and identify website usage, helping advertisers show you advertising and content that is more relevant to you.
We use Google Ads Remarketing to advertise Dreweatts 1759 throughout the internet. Ads Remarketing displays relevant ads to you based on pages of Dreweatts 1759 that you have viewed. It does this by placing a cookie on your machine. Importantly, this cookie does not in any way identify you or give us access to your computer. You can opt out of Google Ads Remarketing by visiting Google Ad Settings
We also use Facebook retargeting service to advertise on Facebook to previous visitors to our website. Facebook retargeting displays relevant advertisements to you based on pages of the www.dreweatts.com website that you have viewed by placing a cookie on your computer. This cookie does not identify you or give us access to your computer. You can opt out of all third party cookie advertising by visiting Network Advertising Initiative
For more information visit Google’s Ad Policy and Facebook
In course of our business we use third party marketing agencies such Artbrain to deliver more relevant advertising to you. Opening an email sent on behalf of Dreweatts by Artbrain may result in cookies being placed on the user’s device. These cookies are used for analytical, targeting and advertising purposes and are controlled entirely by Artbrain.
For detailed information, please refer to Artbrain Cookie Policy.
Live Bidding
Our website provides the opportunity to view our auction catalogue, place bids, view the auction broadcast and bid live via the Internet. These services take place via Auctioneer White Label Site (the-saleroom.com), an online platform for broadcasting auctions on the Internet. The service is provided by Auction Technology Group 65 Southwark Street, London, SE1 0HR. The data collected via the online bidding platform is stored on the provider's servers. We have no influence on the data collection or on the cookies placed on your device by ATG.
For information about ATG’s policies visit ATG’s Cookie Policy and ATG’s Privacy Policy
Blocking cookies and opting out
It is possible to switch off cookies by setting your browser preferences. Turning cookies off may result in a loss of functionality when using our Website – for example functionality to fill out a form or make a payment may be disabled.
Further information on how to set your browser’s cookie preferences can be found in the following links:
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Safari Web and iOS
What happens when I share on social media?
If you share the content of Dreweatts’ website on social media, you may be sent cookies by those websites. We do not control the settings of those cookies and you should check the third-party website for information how to manage them.
Changes to our cookie policy
Any changes we may make to our Cookie Policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. This Cookie Policy replaces all prior cookie policies or statements.
Share this page
Dreweatts Auction Alerts
Sign up for auction alerts and our monthly newsletter to receive expert analysis and insights from our specialists and keep up-to-date on forthcoming auctions, valuation days and previews.
First Name
Surname
Email Address *
Select your interests
Select your interests
Dreweatts Monthly Newsletter
All Departments
Aynhoe Park Auction
Asian Art
Autographs & Ephemera
British & European Ceramics & Glass
British & European Sculpture, Works of Art & Garden Ornament
Clocks, Barometers & Scientific Instruments
Decorative Arts since 1860
Furniture, Rugs & Carpets
General Sales
Jewellery, Silver, Objects of Vertu & Coins
Live Steam & Model Engineering
Modern & Contemporary Art & Design
Old Master, British & European Art
Rare Books
Valuation Services
Watches, Pens & Luxury
Western Manuscripts & Miniatures
Wine & Spirits
Valuation Services
Works on Paper from the Islamic & Near Eastern Worlds
Your Privacy
We use cookies to improve your experience, to analyse traffic and to show you relevant Dreweatts advertising. Should you not accept the use of cookies but choose to continue using the website your consent is implied to the use of cookies that are used for data analytical purposes. More information.
OK
Top