http://www.iroquoisgroup.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
For Carriers
iMember
info@iroquoisgroup.com
Privacy Policy
Please review this information carefully.
Our Privacy Policy
Important information for your use of our website.
Are we the right fit for you?
Take the survey
Iroquois has never sold consumers’ personal information (CPI) and has no plans to sell CPI in the future.
Business of Iroquois.
Iroquois is a network of independent insurance agencies. Iroquois’ customers are other businesses. Iroquois does not solicit, or place insurance policies and it does not market to individual consumers. Iroquois consists of a group of affiliated companies which operate in different regions of the country. Iroquois’ corporate office is located at PO Box 806, Olean, New York, 14760.
Personally identifiable information. As a general rule, Iroquois does not collect personal information about you, unless you choose to provide such information to us. If you choose to complete our on-line survey or complete our contact form, we may use the information you provide to market Iroquois’ services to you, or to contact you in response to your inquiry. We only market to independent insurance agencies that sell property and casualty insurance products. Unless your agency chooses to become a Member of the Iroquois network, we do not share the information you submit to us with any third party unaffiliated with Iroquois.
Automatically collected information. We automatically collect certain limited information when you visit our website, including the type of device from which you accessed our website, the type of browser you used, and the time and date of your connection, and the general geographic location from which you accessed the site. We use this information for site management and security purposes. We may share this information with employees, our web-site hosts, and our cyber security consultants on a “need to know” basis, in order to perform site management and oversee site security. We do not share this information with any other parties for any other purpose.
Use of “Cookies”
Cookies are small files that a website transfers to your computer to allow the website to remember specific information about your session. Your computer will only share the information in the cookie with the website that provided it. If you do not wish to have cookies stored on your machine, you can turn cookies off in your browser; however doing so may limit site access and/or the functionality of the site.
Third party links.
Our website includes links to some of our business partners. Our business partners’ websites are not within our control and may not follow the same privacy policies that we do.
Members of Iroquois.
If your agency chooses to become a Member of Iroquois by signing a contract with us, we may share data including your agency’s name and address, FEIN, and relevant profile information such as the length of time your agency has been in business, the size of your agency, the percentage of your business that is commercial lines or personal lines, with Insurance carriers to help us better pair your agency with appropriate carriers. We also share lists of Iroquois Members, that contain only the names and addresses of the Member agencies, with prospective insurance companies, to determine whether Iroquois and the carrier should enter into a business relationship. All such lists are provided pursuant to a non-disclosure agreement between Iroquois and the carrier, which states that the list may only be used for the purpose stated above.
Insured’s information. Iroquois does not solicit, sell or place insurance policies. In the course of its business, Iroquois receives certain information about insurance policies from insurance carriers or from the insurance agencies that become Members of Iroquois. With respect to insured’s information, Iroquois complies with the Gramm Leach Bliley Act, which is a federal privacy law governing the banking and insurance industries.
Iroquois’ use of social media. Iroquois publishes marketing information and announcements on social media sites, including Facebook and Linked In. We keep track of how many visitors view our social media information. You may use Iroquois social media pages to contact Iroquois, and we may use the information you voluntarily provide to respond to any post, question or inquiry.
Deletion of data.
If you visited our website and provided information to us through our on-line survey or contact sheet, and now wish us to delete the information you provided, please contact us at the e-mail or telephone number below. If you are a Member of the Iroquois network, we will not be able to continue to do business with you if we delete your data, and we may need to retain some of your data to meet our legal obligations and contractual obligations to insurance companies. Please contact us at the number or e-mail below for additional information
Privacy and security philosophy.
Iroquois takes the security of personal information seriously. We comply with the New York State Department of Financial Services regulations for the insurance and banking industry, and with the Gramm Leach Bliley Act, which is a federal privacy law. We take precautions to prevent the unauthorized access of our systems, and we ask our third-party providers to take reasonable and adequate precautions too.
Contact Information. If you need to contact Iroquois about a privacy issue please e-mail us at legal@iroquoisgroup.com or call (716) 373-5511 ext. 312.
Want to speak with an Iroquois Regional Manager?
Click here.
About Iroquois The Iroquois Group is one of the oldest and largest networks of independent P&C agencies in the country. We specialize in helping strong, professional agencies increase their revenues, profits and agency value. We are not a cluster or aggregator. Be sure to check out the difference among the types of agency groups by learning more here.
35 W Main St. Allegany, NY 14706
Connect with Us
Our Mission Our mission is to develop meaningful, productive, and mutually profitable partnerships with our Member Agencies and Carrier-Partners.
Quick Links
About Us
About Our Members
About Our Carriers
Contact Us
For Carriers
iMember
© 2020 Iroquois Group.
All rights reserved. | Privacy PolicyPowered by Forge3 ActiveAgency.
Home
About Us
Meet Our Team
Vendor Partners
About Our Members
Profile of an Iroquois Member
Member Profiles
Testimonials
About Our Carriers
Podcasts
Contact Us
For Carriers
iMember
info@iroquoisgroup.com
View Power Panels