http://www.industrialwebbing.com/privacy-policy/
Categories
INDUSTRIAL WEBBING CORPORATION® Brand
WEBBING - NYLON, POLYESTER & POLYPROPYLENE
VELCRO® Brand ONE-WRAP® Tape
VELCRO® Brand ONE-WRAP® Straps
VELCRO® Brand VELTEX® Loop Fabric
VELCRO® Brand Adhesive Tapes
VELCRO® Brand Sew-On Tape
VELCRO® Brand Mil-Spec Fasteners
MultiCam® pattern products
VELCRO® Brand VELCOIN® Fasteners
VELCRO® Brand Polyester Fasteners
TEXACRO® Brand Fasteners
VELCRO® Brand VELSTRETCH® Elastic Loop
VELCRO® Brand VELSTRAP® Straps
VELCRO® Brand Cut & Mated sets
VELCRO® Brand QWIK TIE Tape & Straps
VELCRO® Brand Consumer Packs
Industrial Strength Fasteners
Specialty Hook & Loop
TEMPO® Brand Loop Fabric
3M™ Products
Fire Retardant Tapes
Hardware & Tie Wraps
Knot Buttons
Home
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: February 14, 2019
Industrial Webbing Corporation ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://www.industrialwebbing.com website (hereinafter referred to as the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://www.industrialwebbing.com.
Definitions
Service
Service is the https://www.industrialwebbing.com website operated by Industrial Webbing Corporation
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data (information you provide to the service)
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
We may also collect information on how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Industrial Webbing Corporation uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Industrial Webbing Corporation will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
Legal Requirements
Industrial Webbing Corporation may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Industrial Webbing Corporation
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
We have implemented certified policies and procedures designed to secure your personal information form unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure and use.
All credit card information and personal data provided in use of the service is stored on our third party provider's secure servers, behind firewalls. See Service Provisers for more detail. Any transmission of credit card information during the payment process will be encrypted using commercially reasonable technologies. industrialwebbing.com uses a certified and private SSL certificate not shared with any other website or entity. Our website and servers do not store credit card information and do not permit "credit card on file" transactions.
Industrial Webbing Corporation does not ever sell your private information to third parties of any kind and we do not currently engage in mass email solicitations but reserve the right to do so in the future. Opt Out policies and procedure will be added enacted in the future if we choose to move forward with mass email campaigns.
Our Policy on "Do Not Track" Signals under the California Online Protection Act (CalOPPA)
We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analysing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyse the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualise and personalise the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The payment processors we work with are:
PayPal
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Authorize.net
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.authorize.net/company/privacy/
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: customerservice@industrialwebbing.com
×
Great product, great service, great price!
I ordered this product in a time crunch and got it within 2 days! The customer service rep I had to communicate with was very kind, helpful and considerate of my situation. The product arrived on time (from Florida!) and was exactly what I needed. The price was very affordable and even lower than some other vendors I researched. I would definitely use them again.
Posted By: N/AProduct: VELCRO® Brand VELTEX® Loop Fabric 60" wide, sold by the yard.
Great Service!
I use this product to make tactical gear and it is genuine military grade Velcro. I've purchased online with IW for several years and have never had an issue with delivery or quality.
Posted By: Ted CollinsProduct: 1" VELCRO® Brand Mil-Spec 50 YD ROLL
Great Company
The hurricane straps I purchased from you were great, as was the price and speedy delivery. After Hurricane Mathew, , there were no hurricane straps to be found here......or the prices were sky high. I have given your company name to several neighbors who also were in need of these Velcro hurricane straps.
Posted By: Susan GreensteinProduct: Hurricane Shutter Strap- Polyester 1 x 24
One-Wrap With Colors
Really, not much can be said about this product other than the fact that I have been using the standard black Velcro self-wrapping tape for years and it absolutely - 100% does the job. Now, I am actually able to do a little color coding on my various cables and that is making my life a little easier! I needed one other color that was not showing available, called in, and the great folks at Industrial Webbing took care of me.
Posted By: SteveProduct: VELCRO® Brand ONE-WRAP® Tape 3/4" x 5 yard roll
Like Superman-Fast and Strong
The nylon webbing is lovely. It is soft, flexible, strong and very consistent. Colors are vibrant and shipment arrived much quicker than I expected.
Posted By: Minneapolis MakerProduct: Heavy Weight Nylon Webbing 1" x 50 yard roll
This product is Awesome!
I purchased this small package to do a repair on my husbands uniform and it worked great. Just enough material to do the job without a lot of waste.Thanks IWC!
Posted By: Happy ShopperProduct: VELCRO® Brand Patch Kit
Great Product, better service
I was looking for a small quantity of military hook and found it here. The roll came with a certification proving it's Mil-Spec material. Thanks Industrial Webbing!
Posted By: Ted-New JerseyProduct: 4" VELCRO® Brand Mil-Spec 50 YD ROLL
Quick Delivery
We needed a Flame Retardant back drop for a tradeshow we were participating in. Industrial Webbing was able to install grommets in the fabric and ship direct to the show.Great company with great service!Thanks guys.
Posted By: Dave BakerProduct: TEMPO™ Display Fabric by the Yard.
Excellent quality, exactly what I was looking for
I'm a teacher looking to create a velcro word wall in my classroom. With some ribbon, a bit of superglue, some grommets and some hooks, I was able to create the perfect velcro wall with this large piece of fabric.
Posted By: N/AProduct: VELCRO® Brand VELTEX® Loop Fabric 60" wide, sold by the yard.