https://www.anglia-translations.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy and Cookies Policy
This Privacy and Cookies Policy sets out how Anglia Translations Ltd uses and protects any information that you give when you use this website, along with the type of processes that may result in data being collected about you. Your use of this website gives us the right to collect that information.
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation 2018.
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page periodically to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
Privacy: Your Personal Information
As a user of this site, we may collect and process your personal information.
Types of information
Website Cookies and link tracking
Cookies allow us to provide important site functionality, so you don’t have to re-enter lots of information. They also allow us to remember what links and pages have been clicked or viewed during a session. If you have provided us with personal data, completing a contact form for example, we may associate this personal data with other information. This will allow us to identify and record what is most relevant to you.
By using your browser controls, you are always in control of the cookies we store and access on your computer. More information on how to control cookies and limit personal data processing can be found at www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/five-top-tips.
Types of Communication
By Email
By submitting your email address, you are consenting to receive the particular piece of information you requested, as well as allowing us to send you appropriate and useful communications. You can unsubscribe from our communications by clicking the link in the footer of the email of any emails you receive from us.
By Phone
By submitting your telephone number, you are consenting to receive contact by phone.
Information Usage
We use the information collected primarily to process your request for information. Data collected in the UK is held in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation. All reasonable precautions are taken to prevent unauthorised access to this information. This safeguard may require you to provide additional forms of identity should you wish to obtain information about your account details.
The information held about you might be used in the following ways:
To ensure the content from our site is presented in the most effective manner.
To provide you with information or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
To notify you about changes to our service.
We will not pass on your data to third parties without your consent.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. To prevent unauthorised access of disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect online.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anyone for direct marketing purposes.
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by emailing us at info@anglia-translations.co.uk.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we may think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the General Data Protection Regulation 2018. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please email us at info@anglia-translations.co.uk. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are small text files placed onto your computer by the websites you visit. They are used to make websites work, to improve efficiency, the user experience and to provide usage information on websites.
By configuring your web browser, you can choose whether or not to accept cookies. Most web browser software is initially set up to accept them. If you do not want to receive cookies you should change your browser settings. Please note by disabling cookies, some services or website functionality may not be available. For further information about cookies and how to disable them please go to aboutcookies.org.
The cookies we use fall into two categories:
Essential cookies:
These are cookies required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, and to use online forms.
Analytical cookies:
They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring users are finding what they are looking for easily.
The cookies we use are:
Google Analytics Cookies
Google Analytics is a tool that monitors websites and allows us to see volumes of website visitors, their source, and to analyse how our website is viewed and navigated. This allows optimisation of the content and pages on www.anglia-translations.co.uk and the marketing programs that drive traffic to the website. Google Analytics does not store any personal information about website visitors but does use persistent cookies to identify repeat visitors. You may universally opt-out of all Google Analytics tracking used by all websites by visiting the following url: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Fun work holiday party ideas on holidayclub.asia .
Information about Free mobile Adult Dating sites on yourglobalfriends.com