http://www.frc.org.uk/about-the-frc/procedures-and-policies/privacy-the-frc
About the FRC
Procedures and Policies
Privacy & the FRC
Privacy & the FRC
We understand the importance of privacy and maintaining trust regarding our privacy practices is key to us. The following notices tell you what to expect when the FRC collects information about individuals (personal data) and explain the activities we undertake and how we use that personal data to carry out those activities.
Privacy Statements
Your use of our website www.frc.org.uk and its subdomains (Website): Website Privacy Statement (PDF)
For an explanation on how we process personal information in relation to our stakeholder activities see our Stakeholder Engagement Privacy Notice (PDF).
For an explanation on how we collect and process personal data in relation to our regulatory work see our Regulatory Privacy Notice (PDF).
A summary of our regulatory activities is also available here FRC Roles and Responsibilities
Job applications: Recruitment Privacy Notice (PDF)
Cookies
This Cookie Policy explains how the Financial Reporting Council Limited (collectively “FRC”, "we", "us", and "ours") use cookies and similar technologies to recognise you when you visit our website and its sub-domains at https://www.frc.org.uk ("Website").  It explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them.
Read or download the FRC Cookie Policy (PDF).
Unsubscribe
If you want to stop receiving updates about our activities or invitations to participate in FRC research, surveys or events from the FRC, please email unsubscribe@frc.org.uk
Your rights
Under the DPA 2018 and the GDPR, you have rights as an individual which you can exercise in relation to the personal data we hold about you. Further information is available from the ICO on making a request -  https://ico.org.uk/your-data-matters/your-right-of-access/  If you wish to find out what personal data, if any, we hold about you or if you wish to exercise any of your other privacy rights, you can contact our Privacy Team at privacy@frc.org.uk.  To enable us to process your request as quickly as possible, we will need you to provide us with your name, contact details, a valid form of identification and a short description of the nature of the information you are seeking, relevant time periods, specific documents or a business area or name of an individual who may have created or have access to that information.
If you are interested in learning more about your privacy rights, you can find more information on the Information Commissioner website.
How to contact us
If you have any particular questions about our privacy policy, you can email privacy@frc.org.uk, or write to the Privacy Team, The Financial Reporting Council, 8th Floor, 125 London Wall, London EC2Y 5AS. Our Data Protection Officer (DPO) is Kate Davies.  Please email privacy@frc.org.uk if you would like to contact our DPO.
Share
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email