https://www.geaps.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
GEAPS respects the privacy of its members and other visitors to its Web site. GEAPS strongly believes that if electronic commerce and online activities are to flourish, consumers must be assured that information provided online is used responsibly and appropriately. To protect online privacy, GEAPS has implemented the following policy.
What information does GEAPS collect?
Most data GEAPS collects is used only to help us better serve our members. It is our general policy to collect and store only personal information that our members and visitors knowingly provide. Changing business practices and technology may require that we make changes to this privacy policy from time to time. Any changes will be reflected on this Web site.
From General Users. GEAPS does not collect any personal information from users browsing its Web site. Only aggregate data – such as the number of hits per page – are collected. Aggregate data are only used for internal and marketing purposes and do not provide any personally identifying information.
From GEAPS’ Members, Conference Registrants, and Other Customers. To gain access to members-only resources and personalization features on geaps.com, members and other users are asked to register and provide some limited information. This information is submitted voluntarily. GEAPS asks users to provide their name, organization name, business phone, and e-mail. Similar information may be submitted to GEAPS through membership applications, conference or course registration, advertising orders and other transactions. Additionally, for some e-mails sent in HTML format by GEAPS to its members and customers, we will collect specific information regarding what the recipient does with that email. For those e-mails, GEAPS will monitor whether a recipient subsequently clicks through to links provided in the message. GEAPS only uses this information to enhance its products and distribution of those products to its members and customers.
How does GEAPS use data collected?
GEAPS uses information voluntarily submitted by members and other customers in the following ways:
GEAPS Member Services and Products. Generally, GEAPS uses data collected to improve its own web content; to respond to visitors’ interests, needs and preferences; and to develop new products and services.
Disclosures to Third Parties. GEAPS also makes member contact information available through its online member directory and printed DirectaSource to other members using its Web site and to those who register for its conferences.
We may also employ other companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf. Examples of such services include course delivery, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. These Trusted Service Providers have access to selected personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. In certain circumstances, we may share your customer information with Trusted Service Providers that need access to your information to provide operational or other support services.
GEAPS may share personal information with certain other companies as an opportunity to offer grain and oilseeds handling and processing operations related information, products or services that may be of interest to you.
Credit Card Account Information. GEAPS does not disclose credit card account information provided by its members and customers. When members and customers choose to pay using their credit cards, GEAPS submits the information needed to obtain payment to the appropriate clearinghouse.
E-mail communications
You can manage your account or opt-out of some or all future communications. All e-mail communications contain an “unsubscribe” option in case you want to discontinue the communication at any time.
What privacy issues arise with links to other sites?
This Web site contains links to other web sites. GEAPS has no control over and is not responsible for the privacy policies or content of such sites.
What means of redress are available?
Contact us via the phone number or contact form on our Web site at any time to:
See what data we have about you, if any;
Change/correct any data we have about you;
Ask us to delete any data we have about you; and/or
Opt out of some or all future communications from us.
Have a Question? Ask us! We’ll get back to you as soon as possible.
NameEmail
QuestionPhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.