http://www.sehose.com/privacy-policy.html
"Connect with Confidence"
Products
Metal Hose & Couplings PTFE Hose & Couplings Industrial Hose & Couplings Expansion Joints & Pump Connectors Accessories and Additional Services Qualifications
Privacy Policy
Southeastern Hose, Inc. respects your privacy and our site visitors' information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.
Information Collected
If you request or submit information to us by sending an Email via info@sehose.com or by filling out a "contact" form, we may save your Email address as well as any other information you provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, Email, or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your Email and other information will not be sold to any third party.
Information Collected by Others
This notice addresses only Southeastern Hose, Inc.'s website policy, and does not apply to sites that users access via links from our site. Southeastern Hose, Inc. is not responsible for the information collecting policies of other sites, for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, or for the information or content contained therein. Often, links to other websites are provided solely on the basis that they may contain useful information for our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.
Cookies
Southeastern Hose, Inc.'s website does not use cookies.
Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information
If you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an Email with "Remove personal information" in the subject line.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
Southeastern Hose, Inc. may disclose information when legally compelled to do so: when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires us to do so or for the protection of our legal rights.
Periodic Policy Changes
Please note that Southeastern Hose, Inc. reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.
This policy statement is made in the name of Southeastern Hose, Inc. and is effective as of April 01, 2014. This statement does not create an agreement between Southeastern Hose, Inc. and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.
Contact Us:
Southeastern Hose, Inc.
506 Sangamore Road
Bremen, Georgia 30110
Phone: 800.241.4818
Fax: 770.537.5573
Email: info@sehose.com
Website: www.sehose.com
Tweet
Print This Page
Email This Page