http://www.ued.net/ued_policies.html
Checkout
Home
About Us
Policies
Customer Support
Tracking Info
Batch Ordering
Part Search:
Model Search:
UED Policies
Security Policy
Your payment and personal information is always safe.
Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among
the best software available today for secure commerce transactions.
It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number,
name, and address, so that it cannot be read over the internet.
Shipping Policy
All "In Stock" items will ship within 2 business days
of the order being placed.
Product Status
"In Stock" means that we have the
item available for immediate shipment.
"Out of Stock" means we normally keep this item in stock, but at this
time, we are out.
"Not Stocked" means we do not normally keep this item in stock.
Product Availability
If the product status is "Not
Stocked", the projected shipping date is an estimate based upon past
orders from that particular manufacturer.
If the product status is "Out of Stock", the projected shipping date
is based upon the manufacturer's past shipping lead times for that
particular item.
Please be aware of the possibility that some items may be considered
NLA (No Longer Available). In some instances, the manufacturer will
not notify us in advance of this status.
Privacy Statement
Union Electronic Distributors knows
the importance of protecting your privacy. The information we collect
is used to improve the content of our web page and to customize its
content and/or layout. This information is not shared with other
organizations for commercial purposes. UED welcomes your comments and
questions about privacy. We can be reached via e-mail at
customersupport@ued.net or you can reach us by telephone at
800-648-6657.
Cookie Definition
A cookie is a small amount of data
that often includes an anonymous unique identifier. It is sent to your
browser from a web site's computers and stored on your computer's hard
drive. Each web site can send its own cookie to your browser if your
browser's preferences allow it.(to protect your privacy) Your browser
only permits a web site to access the cookies it has already sent to
you, not the cookies sent to you by other web sites.
Our Cookie Usage
This web site uses cookie
information for login and page-customization purposes only. This
optional service is provided for the convenience our customers only.
Users of this web site have the option to deselect this service.
Browser Settings
You can configure your browser to
accept all or some cookies, reject all cookies, or to notify the user
when a cookie is being set. Your browser can also be set to delete
some or all cookies. (Each browser is different, so check the "Help"
menu of your browser to learn how to change/manage your cookie
preferences.)
Terms & Conditions
For a complete listing of our Terms
& Conditions, including product return/warranty policy click here.
Home
Terms & Conditions
Policies
Downloadable Forms
Job Opportunities
Returns
©
Union Electronic Distributors. All rights reserved.
Phone:(800)648-6657
Fax:(800)438-6466
E-mail:sales@ued.net
Follow us
All returns must be accompanied with a completed
Product Return Form. In accordance
with manufacturers return requirements, all items listed must contain an exact description of the
problem or reason for return.Returns lacking this information will be rejected.