https://www.griffonhoverwork.com/privacy-policy
Griffon Hoverwork Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Summary:
Please find below the Privacy Policy for Griffon Hoverwork ltd (GHL) and all associated brands. We treat the handling of personally identifiable information (PII) seriously. The Privacy Policy below details the collection and handling of your personal data by us through your use of the website, or through providing us with your details when you make an enquiry with us, either online, via telephone or via email. We assure you that we will only use your data as specified here and for our legitimate business reasons.
1. Collection and use of personally identifiable information
Unless otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, GHL do not or will not sell, rent or trade your personally identifiable information (PII) to third parties for marketing purposes without your express written consent.
GHL will only pass your data to other third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy or if required to do so by law.
GHL may disclose your data to certain permitted third parties, such as third-party service providers or cloud service providers, in order to comply with contractual obligations.
Or GHL's own professional advisers and approved representatives who are bound by confidentiality codes and when GHL is legally obliged to disclose your data.
2. GHL can obtain personal data from you (including your name, postal address, telephone number, and email from a number of different sources:
a. If you supply us with your details when discussing matters over the telephone, or if you submit a request for details to be provided to you by mail, email or through our website. You will be asked to consent to us maintaining a record of this information
b. Via your individual IP location. This may be taken in order for GHL to diagnose problems with its server and to administer the Website.
3. You have the right to ask GHL not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. You also have the right to access information held about you by GHL.
Your right to access can be exercised in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016, any Data Subject Access Request (DSAR) can be made by emailing DSAR@griffonhoverwork.com (please allow up to one calendar month for a response) please note your request may be subject to an extension of up to two calendar months should the situation require it. A charge may be made, for this, if the retrieval of records is unreasonably time consuming.
In order to progress your request two forms of identification (ID) will be required before any data is compiled, please have one form of photo ID (either a valid passport or driving license) AND a valid proof of address, Utility Bill/Council Tax Bill / Bank Statement/Credit Card Statement (One document required). These must be dated within the last three months.
Please note we cannot accept mobile phone bills or online utility bills, also the same document cannot be accepted to fill both required ID's.
GHL will record DSAR request centrally in order to meet the obligations of the EU GDPR.
4. GHL may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. They help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us:
a. To estimate our audience size and usage pattern.
b. To store information about your preferences and so allow us to customise our site according to your individual interests.
c. To speed up the user experience.
d. To recognise you when you return to our site.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies.
Please note cookies can be removed from your device at any time by wiping your Internet Browsers cache. Details of how to do this can be found online using the search term 'Delete Cookies'
However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site. Below is a list of the cookies used within this site, a description of what they do, and type:
Cookie Name
Description
Type
ASP/ASP Net
Used to provide essential functionality of the site
Session
UMB_UPDCHK
Sets a Cookie to ensure user gets the latest version of the site
Persistent - 6 Days
UMB_UCONTEXT
Stores a user ID
Persistent - 1 Day
UMB_PANEL
Stores dimensions of the user Interface
Session
Griffon
This cookie is used to allow the user to utilise the download section of the site
Persistent - 12 Months
__utma
__utmb
__utmc
__utmz
These Cookies are used to gather information for analytical purposes. The information collected can't not be used to identify you.
Persistent - 12 Months
5. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Website; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to prevent unauthorised access.
6. GHL operates in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016, and any amendments thereto.
7. Encryption and anonymization. Where possible personally identifiable information will be encrypted and/or anonymised, to ensure the security of the data itself and to minimise any potential exposure, should any breach occur.
ConsentBy disclosing your personal information via the Website, over the telephone or via email or post you consent to the collection, storage and processing of your personal information by GHL in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy. Any individual or "data-subject" has the right to revoke their consent this can be done by emailing GDPR@griffonhoverwork.com. Please note a record will be maintained of the request
'Unsubscribe' PolicyYou may at any time unsubscribe to receiving information about us by sending an email to info@griffonhoverwork.com
Change/Modify DetailsIf you change your contact details, please send an email with your new details to info@griffonhoverwork.com.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted to this Website and (where appropriate) emailed to the last email address you have given to us, and become effective as of the later of the date we post on the Website or send the email. (links to the privacy policy will be included within all company email)
If such changes are overall disadvantageous to you, you may object to them within 20 days after their being posted on our Website or delivered to you, in which case none of the proposed changes will be effective with respect to information that we have already collected; but only to information we collect in the future.
ContactIf you have any questions or concerns about the information we hold about you, you may email us at info@griffonhoverwork.com.
Loading