http://www.pigglywiggly.com/terms-and-conditions
Home
Store Owners
Contact Us
About Us
Merchandise
Recipes
Store Locations
home ›
Terms And Conditions
Welcome to Our Web Site; Acceptance of the Agreement.
We maintain this Web Site (the "Site") as a service to our customers. By using the Site, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by this Terms of Use Agreement (the "Agreement"). You acknowledge and agree that your use of the Site has the same effect as manually signing a contract and, thus, creates a valid, binding contract between you and us. If you do not agree to all of the terms of this Agreement, you should proceed no further and not obtain products or services from the Site. This Agreement constitutes the entire and only agreement between you and us, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements, representations, warranties and understandings with respect to the Site, the content, products or services provided by or through the Site, and the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement may be amended at any time by us from time to time without specific notice to you. The latest version Agreement will be posted on the Site, and you should review this Agreement prior to using the Site. For your convenience and future reference, the date of the version of the Agreement set forth on the Site is listed below. You can print the version of the Agreement that you reviewed and agreed to, and compare it to the version in effect when you use the Site in the future to determine what, if any, changes have been made.
Copyright.
The content, organization, graphics, design, compilation, magnetic translation, digital conversion and other matters related to the Site are protected under applicable copyrights, trademarks and other proprietary (including but not limited to intellectual property) rights. The copying, modifying, distributing, transmitting, displaying, selling, licensing, using or publishing or creating derivative works by you of any such matters or any part of the Site, except as expressly allowed by the Agreement, is strictly prohibited. You do not acquire ownership rights to any content, document or other materials viewed through the Site. The posting of information or materials on the Site does not constitute a waiver of any right in such information and materials.
Trademarks.
The Site contains certain marks and logos that may be our trademarks or registered trademarks of or those of our subsidiaries and affiliates. Other product and company names mentioned on the Site may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Limited Right to Use.
The viewing, printing or downloading of any content, graphic, form or document from the Site grants you only a limited, nonexclusive license for use solely by you for your own personal use and not for republication, distribution, display, assignment, sublicense, sale, preparation of derivative works or other use. No part of any content, form or document may be reproduced in any form or incorporated into any information retrieval system, electronic or mechanical, other than for your personal use (but not for resale or redistribution). We may provide links on the Site to other websites which are not under our control. In general, any website which has an address (or URL) different from this Site is such a website. These links are provided for convenience only and are not intended as an endorsement by us of the organization or individual operating the website or a warranty of any type regarding the website or the information on the website.
You may provide a hypertext link to the Site on another website, provided that: (a) the link must be clearly marked to the URL of the Site, (b) the link must "point" to the URL home page, and not to any other pages within the Site, (c) the appearance, position, an other aspects of the link may not be such as to damage or dilute the goodwill associated with our name and trademark(s), (d) the appearance, position, and other aspects of the link may not create the false appearance that an entity is associated with or sponsored by us, (d) the link, when activated by a user, must display this Site full-screen and not within a "frame" on the linked website, and (f) we may, in our sole discretion, revoke consent to link to the Site at any time. All other hypertext links to the Site must be approved in writing by us.
Editing, Deleting and Modification.
We reserve the right in our sole discretion to edit or delete any documents, information or other content appearing on the Site.
Indemnification.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold us and our partners, attorneys, staff and affiliates (collectively, "Affiliated Parties") harmless from any liability, loss, claim and expense, including reasonable attorney's fees, related to your violation of this Agreement or use of the Site.
Nontransferable.
Your right to use the Site is not transferable. Any password or right given to you to obtain information or documents is not transferable.
Disclaimer.
THE CONTENT, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OBTAINED FROM OR THROUGH THE SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS-IS," "AS AVAILABLE," AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ARE DISCLAIMED (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE DISCLAIMER OF ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, SECURITY OR ACCURACY). WE AND OUR AFFILIATED PARTIES HAVE NO LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR YOUR USE OF ANY OF THE CONTENT, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OBTAINED FROM THE SITE. IN PARTICULAR, BUT NOT AS A LIMITATION THEREOF, WE AND OUR AFFILIATED PARTIES ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS, LITIGATION, OR THE LIKE), WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE NEGATION OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN YOU AND US. THE SITE AND THE INFORMATION WOULD NOT BE PROVIDED WITHOUT SUCH LIMITATIONS. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM US THROUGH THE SITE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY, REPRESENTATION OR GUARANTEE NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT.
Limits.
Our maximum liability to you under all circumstances will be equal to the amounts we received in connection with any services or products you purchased through the Site during the preceding twelve-month period.
Use of Information.
We reserve the right, and you authorize us, to the use and assignment of all information regarding Site uses by you and all information provided by you in any manner consistent with our Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy.
Our Privacy Policy, as it may change from time to time, is a part of this Agreement.
Payments.
You represent and warrant that if you are purchasing something from us that (a) any credit card information you supply is true, correct and complete, (b) charges incurred by you will be honored by your credit card company, and (c) you will pay the charges incurred by you at the posted prices, including any applicable taxes.
Securities Laws.
This Site may include statements concerning our operations, prospects, strategies, financial condition, future economic performance and demand for our products or services, as well as our intentions, plans and objectives, that are forward-looking statements. These statements are based upon a number of assumptions and estimates which are subject to significant uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. When used on our Site, words like "anticipates," "expects," "believes," "estimates," "seeks," "plans," "intends" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements designed to fall within securities law safe harbors or forward-looking statements. The Site and the information contained herein does not constitute an offer or a solicitation of an offer for sale of any securities. None of the information contained herein is intended to be, and shall not be deemed to be, incorporated into any of our securities-related filings or documents.
Information and Press Releases.
The Site contains information and press releases about us. While this information was believed to be accurate as of the date prepared, we disclaim any duty or obligation to update this information or any press releases. Information about companies other than ours contained in the press release or otherwise, should not be relied upon as being provided or endorsed by us.
Miscellaneous.
This Agreement shall be treated as though it were executed and performed in this state where our corporate headquarters is located and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of such state (without regard to conflict of law principles). Any cause of action by you with respect to the Site (and/or any information, products or services related thereto) must be instituted within one (1) year after the cause of action arose or be forever waived and barred. All actions shall be subject to the limitations set forth in the Agreement. The language in this Agreement shall be interpreted as to its fair meaning and not strictly for or against either party. All legal proceedings arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought solely in the state where our corporate headquarters is located. You expressly submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of said courts and consents to extra-territorial service of process. Should any part of this Agreement be held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed consistent with applicable law and the remaining portions shall remain in full force and effect. This Agreement constitutes the entire and only agreement between us and you and supercedes any and all prior or contemporaneous agreements, representations, warranties and understandings with respect to the Site, the content, goods and services provided by or through the Site, and the subject matter of this Agreement. To the extent that anything in or associated with the Site is in conflict or inconsistent with this Agreement, this Agreement shall take precedence. Our failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of such provision nor of the right to enforce such provision.
October 2000
© 2011 Piggly Wiggly®. All Rights Reserved.
Home
Contact Us
Pig Links
Privacy Policy
Terms And Conditions
100th Anniversary
Kids Korner
Store Owners