https://www.networthstrategies.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy & Copyright Policies
The following policy refers to the use of our websites, StockOpter.com and NetWorthStrategies.com. For our STOCKOPTER.COM APP TERMS OF USE, CLICK HERE.
LAST UPDATE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY – May 29, 2019
BEFORE USING OUR SITES, PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY.
This Privacy Policy applies to StockOpter and Net Worth Strategies Inc. and sets out our policy on the gathering and use of information on these sites: https://www.stockopter.com and https://networthstrategies.com. At StockOpter and Net Worth Strategies Inc. we are committed to providing safe websites for all of our visitors, and as such, we have implemented this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. StockOpter and Net Worth Strategies Inc. attempt to comply with Federal and State privacy laws and regulations including the California Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA.)
There may be links from our sites to other websites; note that this Privacy Policy applies only to our sites and not to websites of other companies or organizations to which our sites may be linked. You must check on any linked sites for the privacy policy that applies to that sites and/or make any necessary inquiries in respect of that privacy policy with the operator of the linked sites. These links to third party websites are provided as a convenience and are for informational purposes only. StockOpter and Net Worth Strategies Inc. do not endorse and are not responsible for these linked websites.
Although you are not required to register to access our sites, you may be asked to provide us with personal information when you visit certain sections of our sites. Your use of our sites signifies your acknowledgment and consent to our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not continue to use our sites. Your continued use of the StockOpter and Net Worth Strategies Inc. websites signifies your acceptance of these terms and any changes in effect at the time of use.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal Information is information about you that identifies you as an individual. For example, your name, address, e-mail address, company you work for, or telephone number.
We collect information that you voluntarily provide to us through the use of contact, webinar & information request forms, when you leave a comment on a blog post, and when you create an account, or purchase products through our website. We collect this information for various purposes, namely to provide and improve our products and services offered to you.
TYPES OF DATA COLLECTED
PERSONAL DATA
While using our websites, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email addressFirst name and last namePhone numberAddress, State, Zip Code, CityYour CompanyCookies and Usage DataIP Address
NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION:
StockOpter and Net Worth Strategies Inc. may also collect on-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such:
IP address of your computerUnique mobile device identifierTechnical information about your computer or mobile device such as the type of device, the mobile device ID number, the web browser (Internet Explorer 11, etc.), other browser information (e.g., size, connection speed and connection type), and the operating system or platform (Mac, Windows XP, etc.)Your preferences and settings (time zone, language, etc.)Internet provider or mobile carrier nameThe URL of the webpage you visited before visiting our website(s)Information about your activity on our websites (e.g., your search queries, search results selected, clicks, pages viewed, search history, comments)If you are using a mobile device, your mobile device’s geographic location (specific geographic location if you’ve enabled collection of that information, or general geographic location automatically).
Our purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how our visitors use our websites.
TRACKING & COOKIES DATA:
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our service and to hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include a unique anonymous identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from websites and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, scripts, and hashed identifiers derived from email addresses for the purpose of cross-device tracking and to collect and track information for advertising and to improve and analyze our service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our website/services. Examples of Cookies we use include:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our services.Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
HOW DO STOCKOPTER AND NET WORTH STRATEGIES INC. USE INFORMATION GATHERED ABOUT ONLINE VISITORS?
Before forwarding us any personal information, please be advised that any information gathered on our site may be used in the aggregate for research and development relating to our sites and/or for future site development and, if you ask us to, to send you promotional materials. In particular, we may use information gathered about you for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain our services and products.To verify your eligibility for our services.To notify you about changes to our services.To ensure our blog content is relative and timely.To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service(s) when you choose to do so.To provide customer care and support.To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our products & services.To monitor the usage of our products & services.To detect, prevent, and address technical issues.For targeted advertising purposes.To send you communications that you have requested or that we feel may be of interest to you.To process payments.
PROMOTIONAL & INFORMATIONAL OFFERS
With the permission of an online visitor, information submitted at the time of registration or submission may be used for marketing and promotional purposes by StockOpter and Net Worth Strategies Inc., provided notice of this fact is made available online. If a visitor objects to such use for any reason, he/she may prevent that use, either by e-mail request or by modifying the registration information provided. StockOpter and Net Worth Strategies Inc. use reasonable efforts to maintain visitors’ information in a secure environment. If you have submitted personal information and want to change it or opt-out, please contact us as described below.
EMAILS
If you subscribe to our feed, sign-up for a webinar, or subscribe to our other services we may send you the following emails:
Emails regarding newly posted articles,Webinar Information,Product/Account Information.
Should you wish to be removed from our blog or webinar list and your information to be erased from our database, email or call us using the information at the bottom of this page and we would be happy to remove your information for you.
CONTACT FORMS
If you use our contact forms, you are providing us with information such as your name, email, phone number, company, and whatever additional information you choose to add. We retain this information for up to a year, or until we have answered your request or solved your issue. We do not use the information submitted through these forms for marketing purposes outside of your request.
COMMENTS
When visitors leave comments on our blog, we collect the data shown in the comment form and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help with spam detection. An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar Service Privacy Policy is available HERE. After approval of your comment or review, your profile picture (should you have one) is visible to the public in the context of your comment or review.
PURCHASE INFORMATION
For information on data collected when you purchase our application, see our STOCKOPTER.COM APP TERMS OF USE.
WHO ON OUR TEAM HAS ACCESS
Only the Administrators on our team have access to the information you provide us. Administrators can access:
Your comment information,The information you provide to us when signing up for a webinar,The information you provide to us through the contact form.
Our team members have access to this information to provide services to you, answer your inquiries, and to further support you.
WHAT WE SHARE
Through our sites, we must share the following information with third parties who help us maintain our website and provide certain services to you; this includes:
ANALYTICS
We use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics: Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit Google Privacy & Terms.
EMBEDDED CONTENT
Articles on our site may include embedded content (e.g., videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
SOCIAL MEDIA
Our sites use Facebook conversion tracking pixels, a service of Facebook Inc. These tools allow us to follow the actions of a user after they are redirected to our site after clicking on a Facebook advertisement. This allows us to track the efficiency of our Facebook advertisements for statistical and marketing purposes. The data collected remains anonymous; meaning we cannot see the personal data of any individual user. The data collected is, however, saved and processed by Facebook. Facebook is able to connect this data to your personal Facebook account, and use that data for their own advertising purposes both within Facebook, and outside of Facebook. In Addition, a cookie is saved on your computer for these purposes. You can read Facebook’s Data Policyhere.
TRANSFER OF DATA
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside of the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
StockOpter and Net Worth Strategies Inc. will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
SECURITY OF DATA
We have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online. We apply security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information, such as retaining information in secure facilities, making personal information accessible only to authorized employees on a need-to-know basis, and transmitting data through Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts the information you input.
The security of your data is of the utmost importance to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION
We retain the information we collect for as long as necessary to fulfill a business purpose or comply with a legal request.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
StockOpter and Net Worth Strategies Inc. will not disclose personal information that you provide on our site to any third parties except: i) in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy, or ii) to comply with legal requirements such as a law, regulation, warrant, subpoena or court order, and/or iii) if you are reporting an adverse event, in which case StockOpter and Net Worth Strategies Inc. may be required to disclose such information to bodies such as, but not limited to, U.S. and/or international regulatory authorities, iv.) to protect or defend the rights or property of StockOpter and Net Worth Strategies Inc., v.) to prevent and investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with our services, vi.) to protect against legal liability, vii.) to protect the personal safety of users of our service or the public. Please note that any of these disclosures may involve the storage or processing of personal information outside of the United States and may, therefore, be subject to different privacy laws than those applicable in the united States, including laws that require the disclosure of personal information to governmental authorities under circumstances that are different than those that apply in the United States.
PROTECTION OF CHILDREN ONLINE
StockOpter and Net Worth Strategies Inc. considers the protection of children’s privacy, especially online, to be of the utmost importance. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children nor do we allow them to become registered users of, or to request information through, our site.
WHERE OUR DATA IS STORED
Personal information you share with us is stored on our database servers in the United States hosted by third parties who have entered into agreements with us that require them to observe our Privacy Policy.
POLICY CHANGE
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
If we alter our Privacy Policy, any changes will be posted on this page of our site so that you are always informed of the information we collect about you, how we use it and the circumstances under which we may disclose it.
ACCEPTANCE OF OUR PRIVACY POLICY
By using these sites, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy, and you adhere to the terms and conditions posted on these sites. By submitting your information, you agree that it will be governed by our Privacy Policy.
DCMA – COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT & THE DIGITAL MILLENNIUM PRIVACY ACT
Net Worth Strategies, Inc. and StockOpter.com take claims of copyright infringement seriously. We will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with applicable law. It is our policy to remove the infringing material and notify the user that it has removed.
If you believe any materials accessible on our blog infringe upon your copyright, you may request removal of those materials by submitting written notification to the address below.In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. § 512), the written notice must include the following:
Identification of the copyrighted work or material you believe to have been infringed in a sufficiently precise manner that allows us to locate the material(s)A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law.A statement that the information in the written notice is accurate and true.A statement, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.Adequate contact information (including your name, postal address, telephone number and, if available, e-mail address.)Your physical or electronic signature.
If you fail to comply with all of the requirements of Section 512(c)(3) of the DMCA, your DMCA Notice may not be valid.
STOCKOPTER.COM: TERMS OF USE
To view the full “Managed Hosting Services Agreement” in the App, click on the “View Terms” link on the “My Account” page. Or, download a copy of the “Managed Hosting Services Agreement” here:
Managed Hosting Services Agreement PDF
ABOUT OUR SOURCE CODE
StockOpter.com is not a compiled program, so the source code exists on the NWSI Development machine and the Azure server. There are no specific control management tools used to manage the StockOpter.com source code. Only the NWSI development team has access to the source code, and access is granted by the head of development. All changes to the source code are tracked and approved by the development team and the head of development. We do not publish any information that did not go through an approval process. Net Worth Strategies, Inc. does a nightly backup of the source code machine, and the Azure server is a backed up weekly.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, our Copyright Policy, or the Terms of Use for our App, or if you need to submit a DCMI Notice, you may contact us using the information below:
P. 541.383.3899F. 541.388.0308stockopter@networthstrategies.comP.O. Box 8364Bend, Oregon97708