http://www.beacongraphics.com/info/policy.html
YOUR GRAPHIC SUPPLY SUPERSTORE!
Stay in touch with us on:
Login | Account Info | Order Status
Home
About Us
About Us
Request Info/Mailing List
Directions
Policies
Tradeshows
Careers
Contact Us
Meet the Staff
Sign Supplies
Vinyl Graphic Films
Cast Films
Calendered Films
Metallic Films
Reflective Films
Translucent Films
More...
Specialty Films
Specialty Vinyl
Holographic Films
Foil Films
More...
Striping Products
ProStripe Products
Decorative Striping
Vehicle Graphics Kits
Tranfer Tape/Premask & Fluids
Transfer Tape/Premask
Application Fluids
Vinyl Removers
Tools & Accessories
Big Squeegees
Heat Applied Accessories
Safety Rulers
Squeegees
Tweezers
Vinyl Racks
1-Shot Paint and Accessories
More...
ColorCAMM Supplies
Vinyl for ColorCAMM
Parts & Accessories
More...
Blanks & Banners
Banners
Banner Stands & Accessories
Sign Blanks
Aluminum Sign Blanks
Coroplast Sign Blanks
PVC Sign Blanks
Classic Foam Sign Blanks
Magnetic Products
Sign Frames
Plastic Sign Frames
Steel Sign Frames
More...
Equipment
Professional Vinyl Cutters
Graphtec CE Series (24", 48")
Graphtec FC Series (up to 64")
Summa S-Series Cutters
Graphtec Flatbed Cutters
Mimaki CG Series Cutters (up to 64")
Mimaki Flatbed Cutters
Hobby/Craft Cutters
Graphtec CE7000-40 (15")
Parts and Accessories
Mimaki Parts & Accessories
Graphtec Parts & Accessories
Roland Parts & Accessories
Printer/Cutters
Mimaki CJV150 Series
Mimaki CJV150-75 (30")
Mimaki CJV150-107 (42")
Mimaki CJV150-130 (52")
Mimaki CJV150-160 (63")
Wide Format Printers
Mimaki JV33 Series Printers
Mimaki JV5 Series Printers
Mimaki UV
Printers
Mimaki Flatbed Printers
Mutoh Wide Format Printers
Wide Format Printer Ink
Mimaki Inks
Roland Inks
Mutoh Inks
Bundled Systems
Supreme Vinyl Graphics Sign Shop
More...
Finishing Equipment
Sheet Cutters & Trimmers
Daige Laminators
Royal Sovereign Laminators
Digital Supplies
Digital Media
Cast Vinyl
Calendered Vinyl
Solvent Printable Banner
Other Digital Media
Overlaminate Films
Window Perf Film
Wall Graphics
Reflective
Static Cling
More...
Finishing Equipment
Sheet Cutters & Trimmers
Standard Laminators
Professional Laminators
Ink & Accessories
Mimaki Inks
Roland Inks
Mutoh Inks
Inkjet Printer Accessories
More...
Inkjet Paper
Canvas
Fine Art Paper
Proofing Paper
Rag Paper
Gloss Photo Paper
Satin Photo Paper
More...
Apparel Decorating
Pre-Cut Numbers
Pre-Cut Varsity Style Numbers
Heat Presses
Clam Presses
Cap Presses
Craft Press
Heat Press Laser Alignment System
Apparel Decorating Systems
Craft Imager System
Textile Imager System
Heat Applied Materials
ThermoFlex Plus
CAD-CUT Thermo-Film
CAD-CUT UltraWeed
Galaxy Stretchable Glitter
DuoFlex
Gorilla Grip II
GlitterFlex
Ref-Lite Reflective
MagicFlex Puff
More...
Software
UltraFlex Software
UltraFlex
UltraFlex Upgrades
FlexiSign Software
FlexiSIGN
Support
Support
Drivers & Downloads
Profiles
Vendor Links
Policies & Procedures
FAQs
Live Help Support
Browse by Category
Sign Supplies
Equipment
Digital Supplies
Wide format Printers
Apparel Decorating
Heat Presses
Software
Sale Items
Refurb. Equipment
Browse by Brand
Vector
3M
Arlon
Avery
Coroplast
Daige
Excel
FDC
Graphtec
Mimaki
MSI
Mutoh
Nikkalite
Roland
Royal Sovereign
Summa
Company Info
Request Catalog
Directions
Policies
Tradeshows
Contact Us
Meet the Staff
Beacon Graphic Systems -
800 762-9205 :Home
:Company Profile :Policies
Doing Business with Beacon Graphics
Standard Terms & Conditions
ORDERING:
Our offices are open Monday through Friday
8:30am to 5:30pm Eastern Time.
All first time orders will be sent Credit Card, PayPal, CASH or certified check.
Future orders can ship "Company Check Acceptable" provided an approval
of a company check application. FAX orders received 24 hours a day.
Any Free Freight Promotions will apply only to supply orders and will be exclusive of
heavy items such as
equipment,
ink jet media, and magnetic products. Such promotions will apply only to orders shipped UPS ground in continental USA and will be subject to a maximum weight limit of 50lbs.
Orders in excess of 50lbs will be subject to standard freight charges.
All promotions are subject to change without notice.
Orders placed before 3PM Eastern Time where merchandise
is in stock
usually ship the same day.
Most items not in stock are shipped within 3-5 business days.
Any items out of stock will be back-ordered automatically (domestic
orders only).
For International Orders placed online, you will be e-mailed the amount of your additional shipping charges within 1 business day of your order.
All merchandise is tax-exempt to qualified resellers, subject to our receipt of appropriate ST3/4 forms (See below).
Beacon Graphics is not responsible for any duty, taxes or brokerage fees
incurred by the Department of Trade or Customs.
RETURNS:
If we have made a mistake or an item is defective, call 1-800-762-9205 prompt 6 to arrange the return at our expense. You must have a RMA number (return material authorization) before sending any item back to us. When calling for an RMA# please furnish the packing slip, invoice number and date of original purchase.
Returns not due to our error are subject to a 25% restocking fee. Books, videos, design software, graphics and clipart cannot be returned once the package has been opened. All Equipment including but not limited to Printers, Vinyl Cutters, and Heat Presses cannot be returned.
All returns must be shipped back in original packaging in "like new" condition, with all accessories, cables, manuals, and warranty cards, etc, included. We suggest using UPS or other traceable methods of insured shipping for your protection.
Items purchased in quantities less than the quantity recommended for shipping (i.e. aluminum blanks, coroplast, sign frames, etc...) will not be accepted for return if damaged during shipment.
You must inform us about defects, shortages, and exceptions within 5 days of receipt of order or the order is considered complete. No returns are accepted after 30 days. Original shipping and handling fees, as well as return shipping charges, are non-refundable.
RETENTION OF TITLE:
Title to all Equipment shall remain vested in Beacon Graphics and shall not pass to Customer until the purchase price for all Equipment has been paid in full and received by Beacon Graphics.
Until title to all Equipment passes:
Beacon Graphics shall have authority to retake, sell or otherwise deal with and/or dispose of all or any part of the Equipment;
Beacon Graphics and its agents and employees shall be entitled at any time and without the need to give notice enter upon any property upon which the Equipment or any part are stored, or upon which Beacon Graphics reasonably believes them to be kept;
Irrespective of whether title to the Equipment remains vested in Beacon Graphics, all risk in the Equipment shall pass to the Customer upon delivery.
TERMS:
We accept VISA, MasterCard, Discover and
American Express charge cards.
All dishonored checks will be assessed a service charge of $25.00.
Any unpaid
balances over 30 days will accrue a 1.5% service charge: 18% A.P.R.
Certified funds or bank orders required for C.O.D. orders. C.O.D. fee is
$9.00.
Accounts with Net Terms that wish to pay their balance by Credit Card are subject to a 3% processing fee.
LIMITED LIABILITY:
Except
where otherwise specified, products sold by Beacon Graphics, LLC are sold in
new condition as received from the manufacturer. Warranties, if any, covering products
sold by Beacon Graphics, LLC vary among manufacturers. Inquiries regarding such
manufacturers’ warranties should be directed to Beacon customer service.
BEACON
GRAPHICS, LLC DOES NOT MAKE AND SHALL NOT BE HELD LIABLE FOR ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. BEACON GRAPHICS, LLC WILL
NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY MANUFACTURERS DEFECTS OR OTHER DEFECTS OF
ANY KIND. IN NO EVENT SHALL  LIABILITY OF
BEACON GRAPHICS, LLC BE GREATER IN AMOUNT THAN THE PURCHASE PRICE OF THE
PRODUCT IN RESPECT OF WHICH DAMAGES ARE CLAIMED, NOR SHALL BEACON GRAPHICS, LLC
BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES
OR LOSS OF PROFITS, EVEN IF IT IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR
LOSS
PRIVACY POLICY:
This
Privacy Policy covers this Web site www.beacongraphics.com (this “Site”).
This Site is owned and operated by Beacon Graphics, LLC. Your privacy is
important to us and, as our guest, we would like you to be aware of our policies
regarding privacy and your use of our site. These guidelines have been developed
with the recognition that Internet technologies are rapidly evolving and,
accordingly, these guidelines are subject to change. Any such changes will be
posted on this page.
Communicating via the Internet and sending
information and services to you by other means necessarily involves your
personal information passing through or being handled by third-parties. However,
we do not sell or distribute your personal information to third parties for
purposes of allowing them to market their products and services to you.
By visiting this Site, you agree to the terms and conditions of this
Privacy Policy.
What Information is Collected?
We do not collect personal identifiable information through this Site except
for information that you may provide to us directly.
Log
Files
As is true of most Web sites, we gather certain information
automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet
protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP),
referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp and clickstream data.
We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to
analyze trends, to administer this Site, to track users’ movements around this
Site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We do
not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is
stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies on this
Site. We do link the information we store in cookies to any personally
identifiable information you submit while on our site.
We use both
session ID cookies and persistent cookies. We use session cookies to make it
easier for you to navigate our site. A session ID cookie expires when you close
your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended
period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions
provided in your Internet browser’s “help” file.
We set a persistent
cookie to store your passwords, so you don’t have to enter it more than once.
Persistent cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users
to enhance the experience on our site.
If you reject cookies, you may
still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site, such as
contests or surveys, will be limited.
This Privacy Policy covers the use
of cookies by this Site only and does not cover the use of cookies by any third
party who may have links to this Site.
Use of Information Collected
Beacon Graphics is the sole owner of any information collected on this Site. We use
the information that you provide for the specific purpose for which it was
submitted and for the following general purposes: to customize the content you
see, improve our services, and to contact you with service-related announcements
on occasions when it is necessary to do so.
We do not share any personally
identifiable information collected on this Site with third parties.
Surveys or Contests
From time-to-time we may
provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our site.
If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information
from you. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and
you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The
requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and
shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code).
Legal Disclaimer
We reserve the right to
disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we
believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with
a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on this Site.
Links to Other Sites
This Site contains links to
other third party Web sites that are not owned or controlled by Beacon. Please be
advised that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other
third party sites and we are, therefore, not responsible for the availability of
such third party Web sites or resources. We do not endorse nor are we not
responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials
on or available from such third party Web sites or resources. Furthermore, Beacon
shall not be liable, whether directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss
caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on
any such content, goods or services available on or through any such other Web
site or resource. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to
read the privacy statements of each and every site that you visit. This Privacy
Policy applies only to information collected by this Site.
Access to Personally Identifiable Information
Please contact us if your personally identifiable information changes or if
you wish to be removed from our data base.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. When
you enter sensitive information on this Site, we encrypt that information using
secure socket layer technology (SSL).
We follow generally accepted
industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both
during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the
Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore,
while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal
information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any
questions about security on this Site, you can contact us at the contact
information listed below.
Changes in this Privacy
Statement
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any
time, so please review it frequently. Any changes or modifications to this
Privacy Policy will be posted on this Privacy Policy, the homepage and/or other
places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect,
how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
WARRANTY:
All merchandise is brand new with full
manufacturer's warranty, unless otherwise noted.
PHONE:
800 762-9205 Toll free
908 231-8077
908 231-8943 FAX
ADDRESS:
Beacon Graphics
189 Meister Avenue
Branchburg, NJ 08876
E-mail:
custserv@beacongraphics.com
NJ Businesses
must file form
with Beacon:
Product
Return Authorization Request Form