http://www.burnmac.com/privacy.html
Privacy Notice
Introduction
The Burnmac.com is committed to protecting the privacy of people whose personal information is held by government through responsible information management practices.
Any personal information provided to the Burnmac.com is collected, used and disclosed in accordance with the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act or other applicable legislation.
What is Personal Information?
Personal information is recorded information about an identifiable individual.
Personal information includes such things as an individual's name, address, birth date, e-mail address and phone number.
When
Burnmac.com collects personal information it must identify:
the purpose for collecting the personal information,
the legal authority for collecting it, and
the title, business address and business telephone number of an officer or employee
who can answer your questions about the collection of that information.
What kind of information is being collected?
If you visit our web site to browse, read pages, or download information, we will gather and store certain information about the visit. The following information is automatically collected and stored:
The Internet Protocol Address and domain name used. The Internet Protocol address is a numerical identifier assigned either to your Internet service provider or directly to your computer. This address can be translated to determine the domain name of your service provider;
The type of browser and operating system;
The date and time of the visit; and
The web pages or services accessed.
Information collected automatically is used for purposes such as assessing system performance, improving web services and web site management.
Burnmac.com does not use this data to determine your identity unless required to do so as part of an
law enforcement investigation.
Information Collected Directly From You
Personal information collected, used, disclosed and retained by our website is done so under the authority of the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act or other relevant legislation.
Personal information will only be used by authorized staff to fulfill the purpose for which it was originally collected, or for a use consistent with that purpose unless you expressly consent otherwise.
We do not disclose your information to other public bodies or individuals except as authorized by the FOIPP Act.
Burnmac.com
does not collect personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to use specific online services.
However, if you choose not to provide the information required for online services you may still be able to access our services by traditional methods such as personal contact, fax or mail. Your decision not to participate in electronic service delivery activities will not impair your ability to browse the web site, read or download any information provided on the site.
What safeguards are in place?
Burnmac.com is obligated to protect your personal information by making reasonable security arrangements against such risks as unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure or disposal. Security measures have been integrated into the design, implementation and day-to-day operating practices as part of our continuing commitment to the protection of personal information it holds.
How long is information retained?
The length of retention will vary in relation to the nature of the service.
If
Burnmac.com uses your personal information to make a decision that directly affects you, it must retain that information for at least one year so that you have a reasonable opportunity to obtain access to it.
Links to other sites
Visitors should be aware that Burnmac.com web sites may include links to web sites operated by other companies, non-profit organizations and affiliate businesses.
When you link to another site, this privacy policy will not apply, however, you may be subject to the privacy policy of that new site, if one exists.
Burnmac.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of external websites.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file stored on your computer by your web browser when using some internet sites.
Cookies can also store personal information such as your name, e-mail address, home or work address, or telephone number.
Persistent cookies can use this type of personal information to identify you whenever you access a web site.
Sessional cookies are used to help you move around our web site and do not store personal information.
Sessional cookies are valid only during the time you are actually using the web site.
Burnmac.com does not use persistent cookies (which may store personal information) but may use sessional cookies (which do not store personal information).
"FOCUSED
ON YOUR SUCCESS"
Home |
Franchise Info |
Services |
Our Story |
Some Facts |
Employment Opportunities |
Contact Us |
Site Map |
Privacy |
Canadian Franchise Opportunities
Carpet Cleaners Franchise |
Carpet Cleaning Franchise |
Carpet Cleaning Business Opportunities |
Carpet Cleaning Franchise Opportunities |
Franchise Business Opportunities |
Handyman Business Opportunity
Home Franchise Information |
House Painting Business Opportunity |
Painting Business Opportunities | Handyman Franchise Opportunity