https://www.go2hr.ca/privacy
Toggle navigation
About Us
Newsletter Signup
Post New Job
Register
Login
Toggle navigation
Recruit& Retain
Recruit
Post Job – go2HR Job Board
Attraction
Recruitment
Compensation & Benefits
Manage Your People
Performance Management
Retention & Engagement
Communication & Social Media
Immigrants & Foreign Workers
Safety
Separation
Legal & Research
Legal
Cannabis in the Workplace
Research
Resources & Links
PreparedBC: Emergency Planning Resources for Tourism Operators
Industry HR Newsletters
Train &Develop
Essential Certifications
SuperHost® Customer Service Training
Foundations of Workplace Safety Course
FOODSAFE
On the Job Training
ROI of Training
Assessing Training Needs
Creating Training Plans
Formal & Experiential Education
Training Map
Post-Secondary Programs
Apprenticeships
Educator Page
SuperHost – Foundations of Service Quality – Online
go2HR Webinars for Tourism Employers
Find a job /Career
Find Jobs
Go to Job Board
Tourism Companies
Company Directory
Explore Careers
Career Explorer
Take the Career Quiz
Tips for Job Seekers
BC Tourism Industry
Be Successful in a Video Interview Tips & Best Practices
150 Reasons to Love Working in #BCTourism
Keep YourWorkers Safe
Industry Health & Safety Program
Overview
Our Services
Why it Pays to Invest in Safety
Safety Basics
Tools & Training
Safety Basics Assessment
Resource Library
Foundations of Workplace Safety Course
Occupational Health & Safety Program Fundamentals Course
COR Program
Certificate of Recognition (Large Employer)
Certificate of Recognition (Small Employer)
Internal Auditor Training
Managing Workplace Impairment and Developing Impairment Policies
go2HR Webinars for Tourism Employers
This version in effect since October 1, 2019.
Protecting your privacy is important to go2 Tourism HR Society (“go2HR“). This Policy explains how go2HR collects, uses, and discloses the personal information you may provide while using go2HR’s website, and the services provided through the Website. It is always your choice whether or not to provide personal information through the Website. Any personal information you provide will be treated with care and, subject to this Policy, will not be used or disclosed in ways to which you have not consented.
As used in this Policy, “personal information” means information about an identifiable individual, and which is defined or deemed as such pursuant to any applicable laws or regulations related to privacy or data protection.
Your Consent
1. By using a Website or submitting information to go2HR through or in connection with a Website, you signify your consent to go2HR’s collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Policy. If you do not agree with this Policy, you may not use a Website or submit information to go2HR through or in connection with a Website.
Information Automatically Collected
2. Website – As is typical with many other Internet websites, the Website automatically collect certain information regarding Website users, such as the date and time you access the Website, the Internet address of the website from which you linked to the Website, the operating system you are using, and the Website pages read and images viewed. This information is used for Website and system administration purposes and to improve the Website.
3. Cookies – The Website uses “cookies”, a technology that installs a small amount of information on a Website user’s computer to permit the Website to recognize future visits using that computer. Cookies enhance the convenience and use of the Website. For example, the information provided through cookies is used to recognize you as a previous user of the Website (so you do not have to enter your personal information every time), offer personalized web page content and information for your use and otherwise facilitate your Website experience. Advertisements displayed on the Website may also contain cookies or other technologies. You may choose to decline cookies if your browser permits, but doing so may affect your use of the Website and your ability to access certain features of the Website.
Personal Information You Specifically Provide
4. Your Personal Information – In your dealings with go2HR and during your use of the Website, you may be asked to voluntarily provide personal information (such as your personal name, age, email address, postal address, telephone number, place of employment, work experience and credit card information) for purposes such as registering and paying for a professional certification, facilitating communications with you or facilitating your use of the Website. If you choose not to provide certain requested personal information, you will not be able to use the services provided by go2HR or use certain features of the Website.
5. Use of Your Personal Information – go2HR may use your personal information to contact and correspond with you, respond to your communications, provide services to you, process transactions with you, facilitate and enhance your use of the Website and as otherwise permitted by law. go2HR may develop a confidential profile for you, which will be used to provide services to you and facilitate your use of the Website. Additionally, go2HR may keep a record of all communications with you.
6. Emails from go2HR – If go2HR has a valid consent available to it at law (including express or implied consent), or if consent is not required at law, then, subject to applicable laws and regulations, go2HR may send to you, from time to time, email or other communications containing information about go2HR and the Website and other matters go2HR believes will interest you. At any time you may ask go2HR to stop sending you email and other information by sending your request by email to go2HR. Also, where legally required, each email go2HR sends to you will tell you how to decline further unsolicited email. Notwithstanding the foregoing, go2HR reserves the right to retain your personal information and to contact you where required or permitted to do so by applicable law.
7. Disclosure of Your Personal Information – go2HR may disclose your personal information in the following circumstances and as otherwise required or permitted by applicable law:
(a) Disclosure of Certificate Numbers – If you participate in a certification program through go2HR, go2HR may disclose your personal information, including your name, certificate type and certificate number, to British Columbia government authorities (including without limitation the British Columbia Liquor Control and Licensing Branch of the Ministry Of Public Safety And Solicitor General), your employers and your prospective employers. go2HR is not obligated to verify the identity or authority of any person purporting to be your employer or prospective employer. go2HR has no control over, or liability for, those persons’ use and disclosure of your personal information, and that use and disclosure is not subject to this Policy. If you do not wish your personal information to be disclosed to British Columbia government authorities, your employers and your prospective employers, you may not participate in any certification program through go2HR.
(b) Disclosure to Authorizing Persons – If you use a Website on behalf of another person or organization (such as your employer), go2HR may provide your personal information to that authorizing person/organization. go2HR has no control over the use of your personal information by the authorizing person/organization, and that use is not subject to this Policy. If you do not wish your personal information to be disclosed to the person/organization on whose behalf you use a Website, you may not use the Website.
(c) Discussion Forum Disclosures – If you voluntarily submit or post materials to a Website discussion forum, certain of your personal information may be automatically included in the posting, including without limitation your user name and email address. go2HR has no control over, or liability for, the collection, use or disclosure of any posted materials or your included personal information by users of the Website, and their use and disclosure of the posted materials and your personal information is not subject to this Policy. If you do not wish your personal information to be disclosed to other Website users, you may not post materials to the Website discussion forum.
(d) Disclosure to Affiliates Agents and Suppliers – go2HR may provide your personal information to its affiliates, agents, suppliers and service providers (such as credit card service providers) for use in connection with matters relating to your use of the Website or the provision of services to you. go2HR requires its affiliates, agents, suppliers and service providers to agree to use your personal information only for the purposes for which it is provided to them, and to protect the privacy of your personal information in a manner that is consistent with this Policy.
(e) Disclosure in Business Transfers – go2HR may be involved in the sale or transfer of some or all of its business. As part of that sale or transfer, or for due diligence purposes in connection with such proposed transaction, go2HR may disclose your personal information to the acquiring organization or potential acquiring organization, but will require the acquiring organization to agree to protect the privacy of your personal information in a manner that is consistent with this Policy and in compliance with applicable law. go2HR has no liability for the acquiring organization’s use and disclosure of your personal information.
(f) Law Enforcement and Legal Disclosure – go2HR may disclose your personal information to a government institution that has asserted its lawful authority to obtain the information or where go2HR has reasonable grounds to believe the information could be useful in the investigation of unlawful activity, or to comply with a subpoena or warrant or an order made by a court, person or body with jurisdiction to compel the production of information, or to comply with court rules regarding the production of records and information, or to its legal counsel. go2HR has no control over, or liability for, those persons’ use and disclosure of your personal information, and that use and disclosure is not subject to this Policy.
Other Matters
8. Depersonalized Information – go2HR may use personal information to create non-personal information regarding the use of the Website and related services. go2HR may then disclose that non-personal information to other persons and permanently retain that non-personal information for future use.
9. Business Contact Information – To the extent permitted by law, the provisions of this Policy concerning “personal information” do not apply to information (such as your personal name, position or title, business address, business telephone number, business fax number and business email address) which enable you to be contacted at a place of business.
10. Location of Information – go2HR may transmit your personal information outside of Canada, including to the United States, for processing by go2HR, its affiliates or third party service providers for some or all of the purposes described in this Policy. While outside of Canada, personal information may be accessible to law enforcement and national security authorities of the foreign jurisdiction.
11. Securing Your Information – To help protect the confidentiality of your personal information, go2HR employs reasonable security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information. Nevertheless, security risks cannot be eliminated and go2HR cannot guarantee that your personal information will not be used or disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Policy.
12. Accessing Your Personal Information – You may request access to your personal information and information about go2HR’s collection, use and disclosure of that information by sending your request by email to go2HR. Subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law, and where the identity of the requester can be confirmed, you will be given access to your personal information within a reasonable time (generally 30 days), or go2HR will provide an explanation if additional time is required to fulfil the request, and you will be entitled to challenge the accuracy and completeness of the information and to have it amended as appropriate. go2HR’s response will typically be provided for a minimal handling fee which go2HR reserves the right to vary depending on the nature of the request and the amount of information involved. go2HR will inform the individual of the approximate cost to provide the response, and will provide the information upon receipt of payment. go2HR uses reasonable efforts to keep its records as accurate and complete as possible. You can help us maintain the accuracy of your information by notifying us of any changes to your personal information.
13. Withdrawal of Consent – Individuals have the right to withdraw their consent to the collection, use, or disclosure of their personal information at any time, except where that withdrawal would frustrate the performance of a legal obligation by go2HR. Upon reasonable written notice given to go2HR, all personal information held by go2HR that is identifiable to that individual will be removed from go2HR’s records and a notice of the impact of that removal will be provided to the individual. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you withdraw consent go2HR nonetheless reserves the right to retain, collect, use and disclose your personal information without your consent where go2HR is required or permitted to do so by applicable law.
14. Retention of Personal Information – Personal information will be retained in accordance with this Policy for as long as may be necessary or relevant for the identified purpose of collection, or as may be required or permitted by applicable law, after which time it will be made non-personally identifying or destroyed unless you further consent to its continued retention. Personal information which has been used to make a decision about an individual will be retained long enough (for at least one year after using it) to reasonably allow the individual access to the information after the decision, and long enough to exhaust any access request or a challenge an individual may bring under applicable privacy laws.
15. Other Web Sites – The Website may contain links to other websites or Internet resources, including websites operated by other persons. When you click on one of those links you are contacting another website. go2HR has no responsibility or liability for or control over those other websites or their collection, use and disclosure of your personal information.
16. Terms of Use Agreement – The go2HR Website Use Agreement contains important provisions, including provisions disclaiming, limiting or excluding go2HR’s liability for your use of the Website and provisions determining the applicable law and exclusive jurisdiction for the resolution of any disputes regarding the Website. Each of those provisions applies to any disputes that may arise in relation to this Policy or go2HR’s collection, use and disclosure of your personal information, and are of the same force and effect as if they had been reproduced directly in this Policy.
17. Former Users – If you stop using the Website or your permission to use the Website is terminated, go2HR may continue to use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Policy as amended from time to time. However, if you want go2HR to stop sending you unsolicited email and other information, please send your request by email to go2HR.
18. Policy Changes – To accommodate changes in the Website, changing technology, and legal developments, this Policy may be changed from time to time in go2HR’s discretion and without any prior notice or liability to you or any other person. New versions of this Policy will be posted here. go2HR’s collection, use and disclosure of your personal information will be governed by the version of this Policy in effect at that time. Your continued dealings with go2HR or your use of the Website subsequent to any changes to this Policy will signify your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with the changed Policy. Accordingly, when you use the Website you should check the date of this Policy and review any changes since the last version. You should also bookmark this page and periodically review this Policy to ensure that you are familiar with the most current version.
19. Your Comments – If you have any comments or questions about this Policy or your personal information, please send your comments by email or to go2HR’s Privacy Manager at 910-850 West Hastings Street, Vancouver, BC V6C 1E1.
The parties have expressly requested and required that this Privacy Policy and all other related documents be drawn up in the English language. Les parties conviennent et exigent expressement que ce Politique et tous les documents qui s’y rapportent soient rediges en anglais.