https://www.coal.com/about-us/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Celtic Energy’s relationship with you in relation to this website.
The terms Celtic Energy, us or we refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is:
9 Beddau Way, Caerphilly, CF83 2AX
Our company registration number is 2997376
The term you refers to the user or viewer of our website.
THE USE OF THIS WEBSITE IS SUBJECT TO THE FOLLOWING TERMS OF USE:
The
content of the pages of this website is for your general information and
use only. It is subject to change without notice.Neither
we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the
accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the
information and materials found or offered on this website for any
particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials
may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for
any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.Your
use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your
own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own
responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information
available through this website meet your specific requirements.This
website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material
includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and
graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the
copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.All
trademarks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or
licensed to, the operator, are acknowledged on the website.Unauthorised
use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a
criminal offence.From
time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These
links are provided for your convenience to provide further information.
They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no
responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).You
may not create a link to this website from another website or document
without Celtic Energy’s prior written consent.Your
use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website
is subject to the laws of England, Scotland and Wales.
Registered Office :
9 Beddau Way, Castlegate Business Park, Caerphilly CF83 2AX
Company Registration Number: 2997376