https://www.gutterhelmet.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Save 16% off your entire purchase!
Get your free quote
HomeGutter Helmet® Privacy Policy
Gutter Helmet® is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust, and accordingly maintains the following privacy policy to protect your personal information.
Personal Information that Gutter Helmet® May Collect
Gutter Helmet® collects the following types of personal information: names, postal and e-mail addresses, phone and facsimile numbers, billing information, and complaint and inquiry information. Gutter Helmet® may collect information, some of which might constitute personal information, as well as personal information from individuals acting solely in their business capacity.
Gutter Helmet® does not knowingly collect or maintain any personal information from children under the age of 13. In addition, no part of our site is designed with the purpose of attracting any person under age 13.
How Gutter Helmet® May Use Personal Information Collected
Unless you consent, Gutter Helmet® will use your personal information for the purpose for which it was submitted such as to reply to inquiries, handle your complaints and business requests related to program participation, and we will use such information to provide operational notices, and in program record keeping and to conduct research on industry marketplace practices. Our research may lead to the publication of aggregate demographic data but will not result in the reporting or publication of any personal information provided to us. At certain points where personal information is collected on our site, there may be a box where you may indicate you would like to be on a list to receive information about other Gutter Helmet® programs and services. At any time you can add or remove your name from our mailing list by contacting us at cwelsh@semetals.com.
How Your Information May Be Shared
In order to process complaints against businesses, Gutter Helmet® will transfer complaints received to the company complained about. It is also possible that a complaint, request or inquiry will be more appropriately handled by another Gutter Helmet®, in which case the request or inquiry will be transferred to the proper Gutter Helmet®. By completing a complaint form or sending us a request or inquiry, you are allowing us to forward your information to the proper business and also to the proper BBB, if necessary. Consumer inquiries may be forwarded by email, and consumers should recognize this method of transmission may not be secure. Gutter Helmet® may also share your personal information with Gutter Helmet® Corporate to research industry marketplace practices. We will also release personal information under the following circumstances:
Where release is required by law (for example, a subpoena) or regulation, or is requested by an agency for governmental investigative purposes or governmental proceedings;
Where our records indicate a company may be engaged in fraudulent activity or other deceptive practices that a governmental agency should be made aware of;
To appropriate persons; where your communication suggests possible harm to others.
Computer Tracking and Cookies
Our web site is not set up to track, collect or distribute personal information not entered by its visitors. Our site logs do generate certain kinds of non-identifying site usage data, such as the number of hits and visits to our site. This information is used for internal purposes by technical support staff to provide better services to the public and may also be provided to others, but again, the statistics contain no personal information and cannot be used to gather such information.
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Gutter Helmet® uses non-identifying cookies to provide easier site navigation and access to forms. You can still use Gutter Helmet® site if your browser is set to reject cookies. Our cookies do not generate personal data, do not read personal data from your machine and are never tied to anything that could be used to identify you.
Problems
If you have a complaint about Gutter Helmet® compliance with this privacy policy, you may contact us at 800-824-3772.
9.19.13 revision
Warranty Registration
Frequently Asked Questions
Find a Dealer
Request a Free Gutter Helmet® Quote
Share this page:
Like this page:
Home
FAQs
Contact
Reviews
Blog
Call
Careers
TOP