https://www.puntersouthall.com/privacy-policy
Careers
Contact
About us
About us
Overview
Our board
Our businesses
Our history
In numbers
Our associates
Explore our history and discover how we're working to transform people's financial future.
Blog
Blog
The lure of the pension scam - and what you can do about it
Tripping point: why talking tax signals a clear road for electric cars
Why lockdown could spell new thinking on government-backed pension schemes
All articles
News
News
CAMRADATA enters strategic partnership with Insurance AUM Journal and expands into the USA
Punter Southall Wealth's Henry Denne interviewed on the latest FTAdviser podcast
Punter Southall ranked in FTAdviser's Top 10 Financial Advisers
All news
Announcements
Mergers & acquisitions
PSG Update
Search
About us
Overview
Our board
Our businesses
Our associates
Our history
In numbers
Blog
News
Careers
Contact
In this Section
Careers
Careers
Recruitment agencies
Join Our Talent Pool
News
News
Archive
Share:
Punter Southall
Privacy Policy
EFFECTIVE DATE: 14 FEBRUARY 2018
Privacy Policy
Punter Southall Group (we, us or our) knows that you care how your information is used and shared and we appreciate your trust in us to do that carefully and sensibly. Your privacy is important to us and we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This privacy policy explains how we use any personal information we may collect from you, is provided to us about you or you provide to us when you use our website, become a recipient of our services or make use of our products.
Who we are
We are Punter Southall Group and we are the Controller. Our business contact details are:
Registered office: 11 Strand, London WC2N 5HRTelephone: 020 3327 5000Email: data.protection@www.puntersouthallgroup.comWebsite: www.puntersouthallgroup.com
The contact detail of our Data Protection Officer is:
Name: Richard Garmon-JonesAddress: 11 Strand, London WC2N 5HRTelephone: 020 3327 5182Email: data.protection@puntersouthallgroup.com
Personal data we collect
The specific types of personal information we may collect and use about you will depend upon your use of our website facilities, services or products, how you use them and the information you choose to provide.
The types of information we collect directly from you are:
Name, email address and telephone number
The types of information we collect from you automatically are:
IP address, MAC address, browser types, browser language, operating system, general location data- the country from which you accessed our website, software and hardware attributes (including device IDs), referring and exit pages and URLs, platform type, the number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the terms you use in searches on our sites, the date and time you used the website, any form submitted , error logs, and other similar information;
We may use a variety of technologies, including cookies and similar technologies to assist in collecting this information, as is discussed below.
Why we collect and use your personal data
We use your information for various purposes depending on the types of information we have collected from and about you and the specific facilities, services or products you use. In particular, we collect your information for the following purposes:
To contact you in response to your enquiry about the products and services we offer;
To respond to you if you report a problem with our website;
To enhance and improve your experience on our website, ensure the security of our facilities and develop the service and products we offer;
The legal bases for using your information are as follows:
Where you make an enquiry, ask a question or request information on service or product, or report a problem we will require your consent before we use your information;
Who we share your personal data with
Organisation / Entity
Information shared
Reason for sharing
Google Analytics
IP address, browser types, operating system, general country location from where you accessed our website, see above for more information.
To enhance and improve your experience on our website, ensure the security of our website facilities
How long we will keep your personal data
We will only keep your personal data for as long as we need to in order to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected, as set out in this privacy policy, and for as long as we are required to keep it by law. In order to ensure we meet our obligations, we have produced retention schedule that indicates when personal information should be disposed of.
Cookies and similar technologies
When we collect information automatically, as stated above, we use Internet server logs, cookies, tags, SDKs, tracking pixels and other similar tracking technologies. We use these technologies in order to offer you a more tailored experience in the future, by understanding and remembering your particular browsing preferences.
For more information on the cookies we use, the purposes for which we use them and how you can control them please refer to our Cookies Policy.
Applications for employment
Our website contains a Careers page that links to a website where you can apply for employment at Punter Southall Group and all its affiliated businesses. This recruitment website is administered by Jobtrain, a Punter Southall Group (PSG) service provider. The Jobtrain website collects personal information such as your personal details, contact information and work history and qualifications. It also uses cookies and other means of collecting information, which is only used to enable you to complete your application and for analytics purposes.
Jobtrain is permitted to collect, use and share your information only as necessary to perform the functions that Punter Southall Group directs it to perform. Any information that Punter Southall Group collect from Jobtrain in connection with the recruitment website is handled consistently with this Privacy Policy. Punter Southall Group will use and share your information only for employment purposes, such as communicating with you about or evaluating you for a job opportunity or where sharing is required by law.
How to access and control your personal data - Your rights
You have certain rights with respect to your information which are summarised below. Some of the rights are complex therefore, not all details are included in the summary:
Right to be informed: you should be given, at the time your information is collected, or can ask for information about how your information is collected and used. A copy of this privacy policy can be printed via the website browser.
Right of access: you can ask for copies of all the information that we process about you;
Right to rectification: you can ask to have inaccurate information held about you corrected;
Right to erasure: you can ask for the information held about you to be erased (subject to certain criteria);
Right to restriction of processing: you can ask us to stop processing your information (under certain circumstances);
Right to data portability: you can, under certain circumstances, request that we transmit your personal information to another provider of services;
Right to object: you can object to your information being processed if our legal basis for processing your information is based on a “legitimate interests”. To check whether we use your information for “legitimate interests” see the section “Why we collect and use your personal data" above. You also have the right to object to object to direct marketing if you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal information for this purpose.
If you would like to exercise any of your rights mentioned above, you can do so by writing or emailing our Data Protection Officer at the address detailed above.
Your right to withdraw consent
Where you have provided consent for us to process your information you can withdraw your consent at any time. Please note: Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing prior to you withdrawing your consent.
You can withdraw your consent in the following ways:
In writing, to our Data Protection Officer.
Your right to make a complaint
If you have a compliant about the way we process your personal data or think that we have not complied with your rights, you can make a complaint to:
The Information Commissioners OfficeWycliffe HouseWater LaneWilmslowCheshireSK9 5AF
Telephone: 0303 123 1113 or 01625 545745Fax: 01625 524510Website: www.ico.org.uk
Since 1988, we have successfully helped people and organisations build, shape and protect their financial futures.
Quick Links
About Us
Blog
News
Contact Us
Careers
Terms of use
Privacy Policy
Pillar 3 Disclosure
Cookie Policy
PSG Modern Slavery Statement
© 2019 Punter Southall Group
Punter Southall is a trading name of Punter Southall Group Limited. Registered office: 11 Strand, London WC2N 5HR. Registered in England and Wales No. 4096788PSFM SIPP Limited, Punter Southall Defined Contribution Consulting Limited and Punter Southall Wealth Limited are authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority