http://www.libertymotorco.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy for libertymotorco.com
At libertymotorco.com, accessible from http://www.libertymotorco.com, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by libertymotorco.com and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Log Files
libertymotorco.com follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information. Our Privacy Policy was created with the help of the Privacy Policy Generator and the Privacy Policy Generator.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website, libertymotorco.com uses ‘cookies’. These cookies are used to store information including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors’ browser type and/or other information.
For more general information on cookies, please read the “What Are Cookies” article on Cookie Consent website.
Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of libertymotorco.com.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on libertymotorco.com, which are sent directly to users’ browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that libertymotorco.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Party Privacy Policies
libertymotorco.com’s Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Children’s Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
libertymotorco.com does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in libertymotorco.com. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
Share and Enjoy !0Shares0
0
Recent Posts
Current Technology is created on TV for two-dimensional pictures
Who can profit by live-in care in Plymouth and
What amount does live-in care in Plymouth cost?
Organizational Team Building company
Main Profit and their service
Several goods and trades use only for the room.
Blogging
Car Service
Craft
Drink
Events
General
Lawyer
Marketing
Speaking
Tours
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.