http://www.agridata.co.uk/agridata_privacy.htm
Agridata Information
Agridata is a livestock software program designed for todays
farmer. The best livestock record program available, Agridata
is suitable for UK beef cattle, dairy cattle and sheep farmers.
Agridata has the power and flexibility to cover all aspects of
cattle and livestock management and record keeping. Manage your
farm efficiently and effectively with your computer and Agridata...extensification,
DEFRA and SEERAD legislation, passport applications, movement
records, BCMS link-up, beef special premium claims...all are incorporated
into the easy-to-use Agridata software. And with regular updates,
Agridata maintains the value of your investment.
A demonstration CD-ROM is available via the Demo Request page.
Our extensive contact details can be found via the Contact Us
page.
Thistle Ltd
Brockhole Farm
Morebath
Tiverton
Devon
EX16 9BZ
Tel: +44 (0)844 500 2220
Email: enquiries@agridata.co.uk
This site is best viewed at 1024x768
with Internet Explorer 3.0 or higher
Features
Overview
Ease
of Use
Getting
you started
copyright
All text and images contained herein are owned by and are Copyright
© 2001 Thistle Ltd. Copying and/or reproduction except as
noted is denied. If you'd like to link here, copy and/or use any
of this material for any purpose, please email us.Thank you.
Site by Askew.
Features
Menus
Latest
News
Request
a Demo
Versions
and Prices
Testimonials
Support
FAQ
Shows
and Events
Hardware
Contact
Us
Links
Downloads
Menus
Animal
Menus
Advice
+ Reminders
Veterinary
Options
Reports
+ Forms
Other Features
PRIVACY POLICY
Thistle Ltd is committed to preserving the privacy of all visitors to our website at www.agridata.co.uk. Please read the following privacy policy to understand how we use and protect the information that you provide to us.
By registering or placing an order on this website, you consent to the collection, use and transfer of your information under the terms of this policy.
INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT FROM YOU
When you visit, register or order products or services on www.agridata.co.uk. you may be asked to provide certain information about yourself including your name, contact details and credit or debit card information.
We may also collect information about your usage of our website as well as information about you from messages you post to the website and e-mails or letters you send to us.
To maintain customer service standards and to assist staff training, we may record and monitor incoming calls.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
Your information will enable us to provide you with access to all parts of our website and to supply the goods or services you have requested. It will also enable us to bill you and to contact you where necessary concerning your orders. We will also use and analyse the information we collect so that we can administer, support, improve and develop our business.
In particular, we may use your information to contact you for your views on our services and to notify you occasionally about important changes or developments to the website or our services. Further, where you have consented, we might also use your information to let you know by email about other products and services which we offer which may be of interest to you. If you change your mind about being contacted in the future, please let us know.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
The information you provide to us may be accessed by or given to third parties some of whom may be located outside the European Economic Area who act for us for the purposes set out in this policy or for other purposes approved by you. Those parties process information, fulfil and deliver orders, process credit card payments and provide support services on our behalf. We may also pass aggregate information on the usage of our website to third parties but this will not include information that can be used to identify you.
Where you have consented when providing us with your details, we may also allow carefully selected third parties, including other companies in our group, to contact you occasionally about products and services which may be of interest to you. They may contact you by e-mail. If you change your mind about being contacted by these companies in the future, please let us know at enquiries@agridata.co.uk.
Finally, if our business enters into a joint venture with or is sold to or merged with another business entity, your information may be disclosed to our new business partners or owners.
Countries outside the European Economic Area do not always have strong data protection laws. However, we will always take steps to ensure that your information is used by third parties in accordance with this policy.
Unless required to do so by law, we will not otherwise share, sell or distribute any of the information you provide to us without your consent.
COOKIES
Cookies are small amounts of information which we may store on your computer.
Unless you have indicated your objection when disclosing your details to us, our system may issue cookies to your computer when you log on to the site. Cookies make it easier for you to log on to and use the site during future visits. They also allow us to monitor website traffic and to personalise the content of the site for you. You may set up your computer to reject cookies by following the relevant instructions which can be found at www.aboutcookies.org In that case, you may not be able to use certain features on our site.
SECURITY AND DATA RETENTION
We employ security measures to protect your information from access by unauthorised persons and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage. We will retain your information for a reasonable period or as long as the law requires.
ACCESSING AND UPDATING
You are entitled to see the information held about you and you may ask us to make any necessary changes to ensure that it is accurate and kept up to date. If you wish to do this, please contact us at enquiries@agridata.co.uk We are entitled by law to charge a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes to our privacy policy in the future will be posted to the website.
CONTACT
All comments, queries and requests relating to our use of your information are welcomed and should be addressed to enquiries@agridata.co.uk or telephone 01398 331881.
Telephone calls may be recorded and, or monitored.