http://www.sidetracker.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Sidetracker Engineering Limited is a manufacturing business with distributors across Europe. This Privacy Policy explains how we use any personal information we collect about you when you use this website or any other form of communication such as telephone, email or post.
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information about you when you register with us or place an order for products or services.
Sidetracker may collect and process the following data about you:
Your name.
Your job title.
Your company name.
Your company email address.
Your company contact number.
Your company postal address.
Truck & application details.
Bank Account details provided by you.
Purchasing history
Website usage information is collected using cookies.
How will we use the information about you?
We collect information about you to process your order, manage your account and to provide you with support for our products.
We collect information about you to send information by e-mail about the products and services we think may be of interest to you.
We may also contact you using the telephone to offer other products and services we think may be of interest to you.
Sidetracker Engineering Limited will NOT share your information for marketing purposes with third parties.
We will keep your data safely and securely for as long as necessary or according to your instructions.
Marketing
It is in Sidetracker Enginering Ltd.'s legitimate business interest to keep its customers and contacts informed of our latest products and services and to manage and administer their accounts and purchases.
We process customer information and use direct marketing as a part of this legitimate interest. It's necessary for us to use a variety of direct marketing channels and messages to ensure our customers are kept informed and wherever possible we make sure the information we send is targeted and relevant.
You have the right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes. If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please inform us using the details at the bottom of this privacy policy.
Access to your information and correction
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please contact us by post, email, or telephone. We may make a small charge for this service.
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.
Since the EU's Privacy and Communications Directive came into force on 26th May 2012, all websites must inform all visitors what cookies are being placed on their machine. The following cookies are used when a visitor accesses the Sidetracker Engineering Ltd website:
All Visitors:Google Analytics cookies are used on the Sidetracker Engineering Ltd website. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used and which are not. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes. They generally appear as '_ga', '__utma' and '__utmz'.For further information on Google Analytics cookies please refer to the Google Code.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, please install the Google Opt-out Browser Add-on.
This website does not use any targeting or advertising cookies.
For further information visit: www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org
You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However in a few cases some of our website features may not function as a result.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this webpage. This privacy policy was last updated on 14th May 2018.
How to Contact Us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about out you:
By telephone:+44 (0)1509 264500
By email: support@sidetracker.co.uk
By post:Sidetracker Engineering Ltd, Privacy Team, Station Road Industrial Estate, Clowne, Chesterfield, S43 4AB
Legal Notice
Copyright Notice
The contents of the web site are Copyright © 2018 Sidetracker Engineering Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Information on the web site, including but not limited to, text, images and sound, may not, except for strictly private purposes or where otherwise indicated, be reproduced, transferred, distributed or stored without prior written permission by Sidetracker Engineering Ltd. Modifications to the contents of the web site are expressly prohibited. Some parts of the web site contain images that are subject to the copyright rights of their providers.
No Warranties or Representations
Information on this website is provided "as is". In no event will Sidetracker Engineering Ltd be liable to any party or any direct, indirect, special or other consequential damages for any use of this website, or on any other hyperlinked website, including, without limitation, any lost profits, business interruption, loss of programs or other data on your information handling system or otherwise, even if we are expressly advised of the possibility of such damages.
Sidetracker Engineering Ltd makes no warranties and / or representations whatsoever about any other website, which you may access through this site. Such warranties and / or representations are provided only as a convenience and do not mean that Sidetracker Engineering Ltd endorses or accepts any responsibility for the contents or the use of such website. In addition, it is up to you to take precautions and to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of such items as viruses, worms, malware and other items of a destructive nature.
Information on this website may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors.
The information contained on this website may be changed at any time without prior notification or obligation.
Information that is published on the website may contain references or cross references to Sidetracker Engineering Ltd products, services etc. that are not announced or available in your country. The accuracy of such information cannot be guaranteed, particularly since this information is subject to change, specific requirements or availability and such references do not imply that Sidetracker Engineering Ltd intends to announce such products, services etc. in your country. Contact your local dealer for complete details regarding the products, services etc. which may be available to you and for ordering.