https://www.lac-mac.com/about-lac-mac/privacy-policy
Eyerest™ Green - Lac-Mac Responds to a Critical NeedManufacturing & Quality SystemsSupport Through MarketingEnvironmentAODA / Information and Communications PolicyAODA / Accessible Customer Service PolicyAODA / Accessible Employment PolicyAODA / Multi-Year Accessibility Plan
Contact UsAdministrationInternational InquiriesMarketingSales for Reusable Surgical ProductsSales for Chemical Splash Protective ProductsSales for FR/ARC Rated PPE OuterwearCareer Opportunities
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to our Customers	Revised January 28, 2008	This document explains Lac-Mac Limited's policies for the collection, use and disclosure of our customers' personal information.	Collection	Lac-Mac Limited values its customers and respects their privacy. We collect customer information in an effort to improve our customers shopping experience and to communicate with them about our products, services and promotions. The personal information we collect in order to do this is name, shipping information, phone number and credit card information. Lac-Mac Limited recognizes that it must maintain and use customer information responsibly. This information is obtained from the customer by various methods including telephone, secure website, fax and mail.	Use	Lac-Mac Limited uses this information for the distribution of products to our customers including customer service, communications, accounting, invoicing, collections and catalogue mailings.	Disclosure	Lac-Mac Limited does not sell, transfer or disclose personal information to third parties except as disclosed in this policy. Lac-Mac Limited will provide information to other parties involved in production of mailing catalogues, credit card companies and other parties to the extent required to service customers or as required by law.	Retention	Paper files are kept as required by government regulations. After year-end the files are boxed and sealed and sent to the archives. After the required time these files are shredded and disposed. Electronic personal data is kept indefinitely if the customer is still active. The information is deleted if the customer requests it; or if we become aware that the information becomes incorrect; or if a customer is inactive for 5 years. There is a year-end routine that deletes the personal information from our files.	Security	Personal information is stored in a combination of paper and electronic files. They are protected by security measures appropriate to the nature of the data. These measures include securing credit card information so only authorized personnel have access. Individuals may review their personal information contained at Lac-Mac Limited by contacting our Privacy Officer. If an individual believes that any of their personal information is inaccurate, we will make appropriate corrections.	Cookies	A cookie is a small amount of data that may be written onto your hard drive when you visit a website. It identifies you as a previous visitor of the site and is most often used to personalize settings and preferences. We use cookies to allow you to shop via our website. You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. However, if you turn cookies off, your order will not be processed through our website.	Disposal	After year-end the files are boxed and sealed and sent to the archives. After the required time, as defined by government regulations, these files are shredded and disposed.	Contact Information	For more information on PIPEDA (Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, 2000 of Canada) or Lac-Mac’s privacy policy please visit our website www.lac-mac.com or contact our Privacy Officer at sonia.mitchell@lac-mac.com For general inquires call 519.432.2616.
Stay Informed
Sign up for our e-newsletter to receive information about our latest products & news. Please select a product category:
Stay Informed Fieldset
Reusable Surgical Products
Chemical Protective Garments
FR/ARC Protective Outerwear
Email Submit Your Form Fieldset
Fill In Your Email Address