http://www.checkcity.com/company/privacy-notice/
Check City > Company > Privacy Notice
Rev. 4/2014
FACTS
WHAT DOES CHECK CITY
DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
• Social Security Number and Employment Information
• Income and Checking Account Information
• Payment History and Transaction History
How?
All financial companies need to share customers personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers personal information; the reasons Check City chooses
to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Check City share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes—such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes—to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your transactions and experiences
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
Questions?
Call 866-258-4672 or go to N/A
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
Providers of: small-dollar credit, check-cashing, money services, prepaid cards, gold buying, tax, insurance, and bill pay services.
What we do
How does Check City protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings
How does Check City collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you• open an account or provide employment information
• apply for a loan or give us your income information
• pay us by checkWe also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only• sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness• affiliates from using your information to market to you• sharing for non affiliates to market to youState laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.• Check City does not share with our affiliates.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.• CHECKCITY.COM does not share your information with non-affiliates so they can market to you.
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.• Check City does not jointly market.
Other Important Information
Notice provided by: Tosh, Inc.; Anykind Check Cashing, LC; Anykind LOC, LLC; BMG Colorado, Inc.; CCO Alabama, Inc.; CCO Alaska, Inc.; CCO California, Inc.; CCO Colorado, Inc; CCO Hawaii, Inc.; CCO Idaho, Inc.; CCO Illinois, Inc.; CCO Kansas, Inc; CCO Michigan, Inc.; CCO Missouri, Inc.; CCO Montana, Inc.; CCO New Mexico, Inc.; CCO North Dakota, Inc.; CCO South Dakota, Inc.; CCO Texas, Inc.; CCO Utah, Inc.; CCO Washington, Inc.; CCO Wisconsin, Inc.; CCO Wyoming, Inc.; Financial Asset Management Inc.; CCI Financial, Inc.; Softwise Inc.; Insure Utah, LLC; W.W. Lightning
Tax Service, Inc., VCC Credit Services, Inc.
Click Here for Printable Version of Our Privacy Notice
Nevada Customers click here to see our CHECK CITY PARTNERSHIP, LLC. Privacy Notice
Apply Now Or Call 1-800-404-0254
Find A Location | Rates and Fees | Contact Us |
Wireless
Policy | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy |
© 2004-2020 Check City Online. All Rights Reserved.