http://www.amnb.com/online-privacy
HomeSkip to main contentSkip to footerDownload Acrobat Reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files.Search Site:
SEARCHOnline Banking LoginUsername EnrollDemoForgot PasswordOther LoginsTrust ServicesRaymond JamesCredit Cards
Online Privacy Statement
Online Privacy Statement
Protecting your privacy and the trust you have placed in American National Bank and Trust Company to service your financial assets is at the core of our business. In the normal course of banking with us, we need to collect and use various types of information to provide the products and services that you desire. You should read American National's Privacy Notice to be informed of our policies and procedures, as well as understand the security measures we have in place to safeguard your personal and confidential information.
Our goal is to protect your personal information in every way that we interact with you, whether on the telephone, in our lobby, at one of our ATMs, on the Internet, or while using a mobile device.
Website Visitors
Visitors to our website remain anonymous. We do not collect unique identifying information about you unless you voluntarily and knowingly provide us that information, such as when you send us an email, open an account online, or enroll in Online or Mobile Banking. If you provide us this information, it will only be used in furtherance of the purpose for which it was provided. We do collect tracking information to analyze trends, to learn how visitors use our site, such as which pages are viewed the most, and to identify the most common navigation paths.
External Third Party Links
Our website contains links to other third party websites for your convenience and information. American National is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any third party websites. We encourage you to review a website's privacy policy before providing any personal information and before completing a transaction. American National assumes no responsibility for the content, safety, security, or privacy of any such site or any transactions you conduct through them.
How Cookies are Used
A cookie is a very small text file sent by a web server, which is stored on the hard disk on your browser so that it can be read later. Cookies cannot read information about you from your computer or be used to steal information about you. Cookies don’t carry viruses and are not programs that can perform functions on your computer. Cookies are a basic way for a server to identify your computer.
Our services, such as online account opening, Online Banking, Mobile Banking, and our Mobile Apps, use encrypted cookies that do not pass to your computer or mobile device. Instead, the cookie is stored in the memory of your browser, identifying only your computer or device while you are logged on. Only these applications can read the information in the cookies, which allows the processing of multiple transactions during your session without requiring you to reenter your password. The cookies simply provide another level of security.
Questions
If you believe any information collected about you has been used for an improper purpose, please call us at 800.240.8190 or email us at info@amnb.com. Explain your concerns in as much detail as possible so that we may take any appropriate action.
This website is not targeting or marketed to individuals under 18 years of age.
Read more on our accessibility statement
Body: