http://www.midstatefcu.org/privacy-policy/
– Privacy Policy
MIDSTATE FCU PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT
MidState Federal Credit Union was built, and continues to grow, on 55 years of the trust our members place in us. Trusting us to take good care of their money. To invest wisely. To remain a strong and solid partner in ever-changing world. To keep personal information private.
Our credit union is committed to making available financial products and services that will enable you to meet your financial needs and reach your financial goals. Protecting personal information and using it in a manner consistent with your expectations is a high priority for everyone associated with our credit union.
As a member of our credit union, you also have a responsibility to safeguard your financial information:
To ensure that you can rely upon the quality of products and services we make available, our credit union stands behind the following privacy policy:
Our credit union will collect only the personal information that is necessary to conduct our business. That means just what is necessary to provide competitive financial products and services – no more.
Our credit union will protect your personal information. Our credit union will maintain strong security controls to ensure that member information in our files and computers is protected. Where appropriate, we will use security-coding techniques to protect against unauthorized access to personal records, ensure accuracy and integrity of communications and transactions, and protect member confidentiality.
You will always have access to your information. As a member of our credit union, you will always have the opportunity to review your information and make necessary changes to ensure that our records are complete and accurate.
Our credit union will only share information when necessary. We will only share information to administer the products and services we provide, when required to do so by the government, or when we partner with other businesses to offer a broader array of products and services.
Our credit union will partner only with businesses that follow strict confidentiality requirements. The businesses we select will offer products designed to enhance our member’s economic well being. Under no circumstances will we authorize these firms to charge your account without your express consent, and we will not sell member information to telemarketing firms.
* Our credit union will offer you a choice in how your information is used. Any member of our credit union may elect to keep their information from being shared with our business partners. We will inform you on how to exercise your choice, and we will take all reasonable steps to make sure your requests are followed.
MID-STATE FCU WEB SITE PRIVACY STATEMENT
MidState FCU values your interest in learning more about our products and services and we are committed to protecting the personal privacy of the visitors to our WEB site. It is our policy to limit the collection and storage of personal information to only that which is necessary for us to administer our business, provide you with quality service and offer you financial opportunities we think might be of interest to you.
To provide you with greater access of information, the MidState FCU site also contains links to other sites. While we hope these organizations join us in respecting your privacy, MidState Federal Credit Union is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of these other Web sites.
Financial Management for Youths | Who is MidState? | What We Offer | Membership | Business Services | Contact Us
Privacy Statement
© 2020 MidState Federal Credit Union. All Rights Reserved.
Back to top
Close Offcanvas Sidebar
Home
About Us
Products
Membership
Business Services
Fees
Contact