https://www.clincoach.de/en/privacy-policy/
Status: 30.06.2020
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Clincoach collects and processes information from users (each, a “Student”). This Privacy Policy applies to Clincoach and all courses offered by Clincoach.
Personal Identification Information
Clincoach collects personal identifying information from students in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, registering a student with ClinCoach or a ClinCoach course, subscribing to a newsletter, or in connection with any other activities, services, features, or resources provided by Clincoach.
Your rights of privacy
You can exercise the following rights at any time by using the contact details provided:
Information about your data stored at Clincoach and its processing,Correcting incorrect personal data,Deletion of your data stored at Clincoach,Restriction of data processing, provided that Clincoach is not yet allowed to delete your data due to legal obligations,Opposition to the processing of your data at Clincoach andData transferability, if you have consented to data processing or have signed a contract with Clincoach.
If you have given your consent to Clincoach, you can revoke it at any time with effect for the future.
You may submit a complaint to the supervisory authority responsible for you at any time. Your local regulatory authority will vary depending on your state of residence, employment or alleged violation. A list of the supervisory authorities (for the non-public sector) with their addresses can be found at: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html.
Purpose of the use of personal data
Clincoach processes personal data of students for the following purposes:
To improve customer serviceProcessing of inquiries and support requestsPersonalization of the user experienceSending e-mails
Sharing your personal information
Clincoach does not pass on personal data to third parties.
Third party websites
Despite careful control of the content, Clincoach does not assume liability for the content of external links. For the content of the linked pages the operators of these pages are solely responsible.
Changes to this privacy policy
Clincoach reserves the right to modify this privacy policy to reflect current legal requirements or to reflect changes in our services in the privacy policy. The new privacy policy will then apply for your next visit.
Your agreement to these terms and conditions
By registering with Clincoach, you agree to this privacy policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not register with Clincoach. Your continued registration following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Login
Accessing this course requires a login, please enter your credentials below!
Username or Email Address
Password
Remember Me
Lost Your Password?