https://www.healthcareitnews.com/news/hands-free-voice-tech-helps-saratoga-hospital-save-ppe-and-ensure-staff-safety
Skip to main content
Global EditionQuality and SafetyHands-free voice tech helps Saratoga Hospital save PPE and ensure staff safetyThroughout the pandemic, the facility has outfitted staff with voice-activated comm badges that keep staff in a room to a minimum and reduce the need to change personal protective equipment.By Bill SiwickiSeptember 25, 202012:47 PM
A nurse wearing the hands-free communication badge underneath full personal protective equipment.
In 2015, Saratoga Hospital in Saratoga Springs, New York, unveiled a new, state-of-the-art intensive care unit that, at 20,000 square feet, is more than triple the size of the previous ICU.
THE PROBLEM
All rooms are private, enhancing the patient experience and reducing the risk of spreading infection. At the same time, caring for patients in a much larger space presented a communications challenge. Saratoga needed a solution that would enable staff to quickly and safely share information and request support, when needed.
PROPOSAL
During the planning stages, leadership at Saratoga Hospital realized that they would need an enterprise clinical communication solution to connect team members and maintain the patient surveillance and safety that are essential to delivering high-quality care.
“Given the high-risk environment of the ICU, our nurses wanted a system that would work seamlessly under isolation gowns and allow team members to summon help quickly,” said Diane Bartos, RN, director of critical care at Saratoga Hospital. “After assessing several systems, we selected the Vocera Badge, a wearable, hands-free, voice-controlled device that streamlines communication.”
"If a patient needed to be put on a ventilator, only the intubation team entered the room. The charge nurse stood outside, observing the procedure and communicating via the badge to guide the team as needed and help prevent cross-contamination."
Diane Bartos, RN, Saratoga Hospital
There’s no need to remember phone numbers or who is on call; instead, clinicians simply say the name, role, or group of the person or team they want to call, and they are connected, she explained.
MARKETPLACE
On the clinical communications technology front, vendors include Avaya, Halo, HipLink Software, Mobile Heartbeat, PatientSafe Solutions, PerfectServe, Spok, Telmediq and Vocera.
MEETING THE CHALLENGE
Shortly after deploying the communication badges in the ICU, Saratoga rolled the technology out across the hospital. Team members who often need to be hands-free – nurses, respiratory therapists, security personnel, EKG technicians and others – wear the badges.
The badges are integrated with the organization’s Rauland Nurse Call system and Philips Patient Monitors, enabling patient requests and notifications to go directly to the assigned nurse or care team. Physicians primarily use the secure Vocera smartphone app to communicate and collaborate.
“Before the first wave of COVID-19 hit Saratoga Hospital, staff already were equipped with a hands-free communication solution that can be worn and used under PPE,” Bartos said. “As part of our pandemic preparation, we focused on educating frontline staff on the proper way to put on and remove PPE to avoid self-contamination. The Vocera Badge played a significant role in these education efforts.”
During the safety training, which took place inside and outside an anteroom, the educator would observe and guide team members as they donned and doffed their protective equipment. The educator and staff members wore the badges to communicate during the training, a practice that helped nurses, doctors, respiratory therapists and other care team members reduce the risk of self-contamination.
“At the peak of the pandemic, care teams in the ICU used hands-free communication to reduce staff exposure and improve safety by keeping the number of team members in a patient room to a minimum,” Bartos recalled. “For example, if a patient needed to be put on a ventilator, only the intubation team entered the room. The charge nurse stood outside, observing the procedure and communicating via the badge to guide the team as needed and help prevent cross-contamination.”
Without the communication badges, Saratoga would not have been able to limit the number of clinicians in the isolation room and help nurses, doctors, respiratory therapists and other care team members stay safe, she said. Staff members who intubate COVID-19-positive patients say they take comfort in having that extra set of eyes focused on identifying and preventing opportunities for cross-contamination, she added.
RESULTS
The communication badges have improved care team communication and safety, saved time, and helped conserve valuable PPE resources, Bartos said.
“One of our COVID-19-related adaptations is to appoint staff members as runners who bring supplies to team members working in isolation rooms,” she explained. “Clinicians and runners all wear the badges. If a clinician dons PPE, goes into a patient room, and suddenly realizes he or she forgot something, the clinician can easily communicate with a runner.”
The runner then quickly gathers and delivers the forgotten item. This process minimizes the number of times a clinician must leave and re-enter a room, and in turn, don and doff PPE. That saves time and precious resources.
ADVICE FOR OTHERS
“In emergency situations and isolation environments, care teams need hands-free, voice-controlled communication solutions that can be worn under PPE,” Bartos contended. “This technology enables immediate consultation, helps protect patients and providers, and facilitates hands-on care. In situations with increased risk for contamination, hands-free solutions offer significant advantages over smartphones and other options.”
Twitter: @SiwickiHealthIT
Email the writer: bsiwicki@himss.org
Healthcare IT News is a HIMSS Media publication.
Topics: Mobile, Quality and Safety
More regional news
Interoperability consortium an 'even higher priority' post-pandemic
By Sara MageitDecember 11, 2020
Credit: EIT UVera winner
Roundup: Middle East telehealth forum gains sponsorship, EIT competition winners announced and more briefs By Sara MageitDecember 11, 2020
'Smarter AI can help fight bias in healthcare' By Mélisande RougerDecember 11, 2020
Want to get more stories like this
one? Get daily news updates from Healthcare IT News.
Your subscription has been
saved.
Something went wrong. Please
try again.
Related Content
Top Story
HHS Secretary Alex Azar
HHS floats major changes to HIPAA Privacy Rule
Most Read
Livongo's lead investor on what the next model of care could look like
Pandemic-era burnout: How physicians manage crushing workloads and IT demands
IBM Watson Health to launch blockchain-powered Digital Health Pass
Insights into RPA implementation in healthcare
How one provider is transitioning from WebEx and Skype to a full telehealth platform
Mayo Clinic, Safe Health form new venture focused on connected diagnostics
Research
White PapersMore Whitepapers
InteroperabilityThe Reasons Applications Fail
Artificial IntelligenceHow Machine Learning is Driving Better Patient and Business Outcomes
Patient EngagementIs the Patient or Member Experience You’re Delivering on Life Support? Lessons for Payers and Providers
WebinarsMore Webinars
Innovation PulseHow to Leverage Mobile Technology to Build a High Value Virtual Care Program
Quality and SafetyFactors for a Successful COVID-19 Vaccination Program
Privacy & SecurityEstablishing Security for Cloud Healthcare Solutions
Video
UCLA Health is using telehealth to make care more accessible to LGBTQ patients
HIMSS EHR Association enables vendor collaboration for COVID-19 public health reporting
Sponsored by
Zoom taking multifaceted approach to telemedicine
Maintaining continuity of care during COVID-19 pandemic
More Stories
Credit: Microsoft
UK hospital first to use AI cancer treatment tool
CISA says security vulnerability found in GE imaging and ultrasound devices
Zoom taking multifaceted approach to telemedicine
With telehealth, one size won't fit all
Vaccine distribution pipeline faces serious cybersecurity risks
Cerner expands tools available for rural hospital clinical trials
Senator Angus King (I-Maine)
Sen. Angus King shares healthcare security takeaways from Cyberspace Solarium Commission
Left to right: Liu Cheng (cofounder & COO), Megan Palos (operations manager), Dr. Ephraim Dickinson (cofounder & CEO), Breiana Brady (orthopedic physician assistant).
Urgently Ortho’s integrated EHR-telehealth creates seamless, tech-enabled clinic
X
Topics
Video
Analytics
Artificial Intelligence
Cloud Computing
EHR
Government & Policy
Interoperability
Patient Engagement
Population Health
Precision Medicine
Privacy & Security
Telehealth
Women In Health IT
Career
In Person Events
Jobs
Learning Center
Research Papers
Webinars
More
About
Advertise
Contact
Special Projects
Slideshows
Video
In-Person Events
Regions
Asia Pacific
EMEA
Global Edition
The Daily Brief Newsletter
Get daily news updates from Healthcare IT News.
Your
subscription has been saved.
Something
went wrong. Please try again.
Search form
Search
Top Stories
HHS Secretary Alex Azar
HHS floats major changes to HIPAA Privacy Rule
ACO saves $600,000 and improves patient outcomes with pop health platform
HIMSS EHR Association enables vendor collaboration for COVID-19 public health reporting