http://www.ocme.it/en/special/cookie-policy
Your Business
Beverage
Tissue
Edible Oil
Lube Oil
H&P Care
Food
Our Solutions
Filling
Secondary Packaging
Palletising & Depalletising
Intralogistics
Integrated System
Service & Support
On-Site Support
IT Solutions
Upgrades & Spare Parts
call service
Consulting
Service Contract
Sustainability
People
Why OCME
Work with us
Partnership
About Us
Our Company
Our Values
Newsroom
Events
cerca
Italiano
English
Cookie Policy
We use a feature of your internet browser called a ‘cookie’ on our website. We do not use ‘cookies’ to retrieve personal information about you from your computer. We will only gain such information if you have knowingly and willingly provided such information to us.
Our Assurance
We value our customers and understand how important it is to treat the data we capture correctly. We consider this information a vital part of our business, so we can bring you great quality and service at fair prices. We do not, nor will we ever sell, rent or loan any data to 3rd parties that identifies you without your consent.
Your Acknowledgement
We hope that after you have read our policy you will have sufficient details about the ‘cookies’ used on our website to be reassured that we use them responsibly.
By navigating around the website we will assume you are happy with ‘cookies’ being set by us to improve your experience at our site.
What is a cookie?
A ‘cookie’ is a very small piece of information in the form of a text file placed on your computer hard drive by lots of the websites that you visit. ‘Cookies’ allow us to help you get the best out of your visit to the website and improve your user experience, for instance by remembering that you have visited before. They can also be used to make sure that the advertising you see is relevant to you.
For further information about ‘cookies’ please visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
In this policy we have used the following categories of ‘cookies’
• Strictly Necessary cookies
• Performance
This categorisation has been defined by The International Chamber Of Commerce (UK).
How does OCME.com use ‘cookies’?
Our ‘cookies’ are used to store basic information, like your user identification. They do not store password or credit card information.
Strictly Necessary cookies
‘Cookies‘ are set to help support the structure of the pages that are displayed to you. These help the website to function and enhance the look and feel of the website. They also help to improve navigation around our website and allow you to return to pages you have previously visited. This type of ‘cookie’ only lasts for the duration of the time you are visiting the website. When you leave the website they are deleted automatically.
Performance cookies
‘Cookies’ are used to provide aggregated statistics on visitors to our websites and their browsing behaviour. This enables us to order the site to make customers’ journeys easier, and if necessary make improvements.
We use a number of tools to carry out analytical functions on our site including Google Analytics. You can view their privacy policy here
http://www.google.com/intl/en_ALL/policies/privacy/
Should you wish to disable your ‘cookies’ from your web browser please see Cookie Maintenance.
Cookie Maintenance
You can set your browser to accept or reject all specific ‘cookies’.  You can also set your browser to alert you each time a ‘cookie’ is presented to your computer.  You can delete ‘cookies’ that have been stored on your computer but remember, if you prevent us from placing ‘cookies’ on your computer during your visit, or you subsequently delete a ‘cookie’ that has been placed, it will not be possible for you  to use our website effectively.
By disabling your ‘cookies’ from the browser settings, you will be restricting the ‘cookies’ that we use to manage our website and this will have an impact on how the website will function.  This will apply to all websites once ‘cookies’ are disabled via your browser settings and not only this websites.
If you would like to restrict or block ‘cookies’ that are set by us and other websites, you can do this through your web browser settings. Instructions for how to do this for the four most used web browsers are below.  For other web browsers, please use the Help function on your browser for details on how to do this.   For information on how to restrict or block ‘cookies’ on your mobile phone, you will need to refer to your handset manual.
Guide to Disabling ‘Cookies’ using Web Browsers
Safari
1. Go to the Safari menu.
2. Click on the Preferences.
3. Click the ‘Security’ tab.
4. Under ‘Accept Cookies’, set it to accept, reject, or selectively accept cookies.
Firefox 3.0+
1. Click on 'Tools' in the menu bar
2. Click on 'Options...'
3. Click on 'Privacy’ Tab in the top section
4. From the drop down box select ‘Use custom setting for history’
5. Un -tick the box that says 'Accept Cookies From sites'
6. Click OK and Close the screen.
Internet Explorer 7.0+
1. Click on 'Tools' in the menu bar
2. Click on 'Options'
3. Click on 'Privacy' Tab on top section
4. Click on the 'Advanced" button
5. Select ‘Prompt’ for both ‘First party cookies’ and ‘Third Party Cookies’
6. Click OK and Close the screen.
Google Chrome 8.0+
1. Click to 'Tools Menu'
2. Click on 'Options'
3. Click on 'Under the Bonnet'
4. Click on 'Cookie Setting' button and tick ‘Block all third-party cookies without exception’
5. Close the screen.