http://www.reliabilityweb.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Updated July 2019Your privacy is important to us. Reliabilityweb.com is sensitive to protecting the private information that our members and guests provide to us. We also want you to have the opportunity to obtain interesting and useful information regarding products and services. The loyalty of our members and customers is very important to us and we hope this policy will demonstrate our commitment to making sure your experience with Reliabilityweb.com is a positive one.This privacy policy describes how Reliabilityweb.com treats information received about you when you become a Reliabilityweb.com member, when you provide information to us (for instance, you may request various vendor or technology product literature or respond to surveys), when you use Reliabilityweb.com to explore the World Wide Web, and when you attend a Reliabilityweb.com event.Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. Also, please remember that no computer system should be considered totally safe from intrusion. Email may pass through many computer systems and should not be considered a secure means of communication unless encrypted. Even then, information is only as secure as the encryption method.Customer InformationFor the Opt-In Weekly Email Newsletter:Information is collected such as name, job title, company name, address, email address, telephone number, and optional special interest indications. Reliabilityweb.com collects and stores customer information for the primary purpose of forwarding Reliabilityweb.com member email newsletters and special offers that are of legitimate use to our members. This information is not made available to 3rd parties for any use. This email list is self-service and allows you to add your email (opt in), delete your email (opt out). To update or change information, please send an email to info@reliabilityweb.com with your current subscriber email address and the details of what information you would like changed or updated. We can also unsubscribe you using this method if you prefer.For Reliabilityweb.com Events with Attendance FeesWhen you pay to attend a Reliabilityweb.com event you can be assured that we only use your personal information in a way to enhance your experience so that you learn what you came to learn and make the connections you came to make. You agree that Reliabilityweb.com may use your name and contact information such as email address: (a) as necessary for management of the event; (b) for optional customer satisfaction surveys and feedback; (c) to provide information to you about its products, services and future events; (d) for selected forwarding to our partners in a curated way designed to ensure a match between your professional interests and the products and services we believe our partners can offer you to enhance your professional success. At some of our events you may be asked to have your conference badge scanned by a sponsor. This is strictly voluntary on your part. If you allow your badge to be scanned you should be aware that your personal contact information is being transferred to the scanning party and that handling of that information will now be subject to the terms of the scanning party’s privacy policy. Make sure you ask about their privacy policy before you have your badge scanned.For Reliabilityweb.com Events with No Attendance FeeWhen you attend a Reliabilityweb.com event that has no admission fee, you are attending an event that is most likely sponsored by one or more of our industry partners who we feel have information that will legitimately be of use to you in achieving your business objectives.Sponsors of these events will typically receive a list of attendees, including whatever information you provide when registering. These sponsors may contact you and you should review their privacy policies at that time. If you do not want your information shared with the sponsors of a free event you should not register for or attend that event.How You Can Access or Update Your Personal InformationIf you have registered for our newsletter, it has a link at the bottom of the page for you to view and or change the information that you supplied and delete or unsubscribe yourself and your information from our database.If you would like to update, change or delete your personal information you may also do so by sending an email to info@reliabilityweb.com with your current subscriber email address and the details of what information you would like changed or updated. We can also unsubscribe you using this method if you prefer.For the Opt-in Email Discussion ForumInformation collected is limited to your email address and is used to ensure that you receive the messages generated by other members of the list. This information is not used for any other purpose. You may opt in and opt out of this list at any time.For Sponsored Surveys, Online Training, Quizzes, Book Excerpts and Giveaways Information is collected such as name, job title, company name, address, email address, and telephone number, and optional special interest area indications as well as open comments. Reliabilityweb.com collects and forwards a copy of that information the sponsoring companies who may also contact you with further information related to the subject area of interest. These companies consist of reputable suppliers of Industrial Maintenance products, services and training and do not include any consumer or direct marketing companies or known senders of SPAM. If you use these services you are indicating an interest in the information provided and as such you are agreeing to be contacted by a third party who may provide you with more information that can help you reach your goals. Reliabilityweb.com may also use the information to contact you for optional customer satisfaction surveys and feedback.How We Use Customer InformationThe customer information that we collect during the registration process is kept on a limited access computer and is only available to personnel on a need to know basis. It may be used to examine system logs to resolve system problems or to make sure that only Reliabilityweb.com customers are able to access certain member-only services.The information may be stored with a third-party service such as a company that helps to manage mailing lists. Such third parties do not share this information and are only selected if we are satisfied, they provide security and privacy that meet our standards.Occasionally we use our customer database to distribute newsletters and other announcements that we feel will be of a legitimate interest to our members.Reliabilityweb.com will share information with government authorities when legally required to do so and may cooperate with these authorities investigating claims of illegal activity such as (but not limited to) illegal transfer or use of copyrighted material, or postings or email containing threats of violence. Except under the limited circumstances described above, we do not disclose customer information to third parties.How We Use Customer Survey ResponsesWe take the information we receive from individuals responding to our Customer Surveys and combine (or aggregate) it with responses of other Reliabilityweb.com customers to create broader responses to survey questions. We then use the aggregated information to improve the quality of the information we provide to you as well as the services. Reliabilityweb.com may choose to share certain aggregated information with third parties. This information is not linked to personally identifiable information. On occasion we may share survey data with trusted third parties that includes contact information. We provide this data in a curated way designed to ensure a match between your professional interests and the products and services we believe our partners can offer you to enhance your professional success.Voluntary Customer Registration FormsReliabilityweb.com encourages all of our customers to participate in online training, giveaway contests, book excerpts, free demo disc requests, the Reliability Shopper Service and other services that require online registration. These forms are passed on to the provider of the service or product and may be used by them to contact you. Please remember that these forms are voluntary and that by filling them out you are consenting to be contacted by the third party provider of the service or product.Web Site Use and Navigation InformationOur servers collect each time a user visits our website, certain anonymous use and navigation information. This information is aggregated and anonymous. It tells us how our web site is used and navigated, including the number, frequency, and duration of visits to each web page.Website use and navigation information that we collect may include the domain names of visitors who are not already Reliabilityweb.com customers (such as "www.user'sinternet- service-provider.com) and of Reliabilityweb.com customers, but it does not otherwise contain individually identifiable information about any visitor to our website.How We Use Web Site Use and Navigation InformationLike customer survey information, we use the anonymous, aggregated information to improve the content and navigation features of our website.CookiesLike most websites, Reliabilityweb.com makes use of browser "cookies". Cookies are files written to a user's hard disk and read by server programs to inform a website if the user has previously visited that site. We use cookies to 1) track if you are a new or return visitor to Reliabilityweb.com. 2) Open a new browser window for first time visitors to invite them to subscribe to the member email newsletter.Companies who provide services on our website may also use cookie technology. We do not control the use of cookies by our third-party service providers.Opting Out or Un-subscribing and Accessing Your Contact InformationReliabilityweb.com does not have any interest in sending you information that you do not want. You can automatically opt out or unsubscribe from the weekly email newsletter automatically by clicking the link at the bottom of each email and following the on screen instructions. You can also unsubscribe from the e-mail discussion forum by sending an email to request@reliabilityweb.com with the word unsubscribe in the subject line. You may also request manual removal from any contact list at Reliabilityweb.com by replying to that email and requesting "remove" in the subject line. You may also call, write or fax to the address and numbers listed at the bottom of this page.Web Site Use by People Under the Age of 18Reliabilityweb.com is designed for adult professionals who are involved in the use reliability technologies such as vibration analysis, infrared thermography etc...This site contains no information that may be harmful to people under the age of 18.Security PrecautionsReliabilityweb.com data is stored on computers in a secured facility or on third party servers that meet our security and privacy standards. Only certain staff members may access this information in a fashion limited to their specific job duties. Said access is routinely monitored and assessed by the firm’s Senior Management.Changes to Reliabilityweb.com Privacy PolicyWe make changes to this policy from time to time. We will post changes to our Privacy Policy here, so be sure to check back periodically. We may also decide to notify customers via email of significant changes. Regardless of later updates or changes to our privacy policy, we will never use the information you submit under our current privacy policy in a new way without allowing you to opt out or otherwise prohibit that use.Questions, Comments, Concerns and/or IdeasIf you have any questions, comments, concerns or ideas about our Privacy Policy, or any other aspect of our services, you may contact us at info@reliabilityweb.comAddress and Telephone InformationReliabilityweb.com8991 Daniels Center Drive Fort Myers, FL33912USATel: (239) 333-2500Toll Free: (888) 575-1245Fax: (309) 423-7234
×
Each week we send out an email with the latest tips, white papers, articles, and videos. We also have a magazine that is free to receive (U.S. only). Subscribing is free.
Sign Up
No Thanks