http://www.trac-aircon.co.uk/privacy-notice/
0121 585 1080
Menu
HOME
ABOUT US
Accreditations
Our Team
SERVICES
Installation
Maintenance and Repair
Service
PRODUCTS
Commercial
Leisure
Retail
Residential
Industrial
Close Control Applications
GALLERY
NEWS
Case Studies
RECRUITMENT
CONTACT US
Home » GDPR Data Privacy Notice
GDPR Data Privacy Notice
This is privacy notice of www.trac-aircon.co.uk
We respect your privacy and are determined to protect your personal data. The purpose of this privacy notice is to inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from). We’ll also tell you about your privacy rights and how the data protection law protects you.
This privacy notice is provided in a layered format so you can click through to the specific areas set out below. Alternatively, you can download a pdf version of the policy here.
WHO WE ARE AND IMPORTANT INFORMATION
THE PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE WILL USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
WHO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
DATA SECURITY
DATA RETENTION
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Changes to this notice and your duty to inform us of changes
QUERIES, REQUESTS OR CONCERNS
WHO WE ARE AND IMPORTANT INFORMATION
What is the purpose of this privacy notice?
This privacy notice aims to give you information on how we collect and process your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website when you request quotes or call backs.
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
You must read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
Data controller(s)
Trac Ltd is the controller and responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as Trac Ltd, “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy notice). Our contact details are Trac Ltd, Shelah Road, Halesowen, West Midlands, B63 2YP. For all data matters contact Leanne Parker on 0121 5851080.
Leanne Parker with JE Consulting is the controller and responsible for this website.
Third-party links outside of our control
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements.
When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
THE PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. You can find out more about personal data from the Information Commissioners Office.
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together follows
Identity Data includes, First & Last name, Username, Title, Date of Birth.
Contact Data includes Billing/Delivery Address, Email Address, Telephone Numbers.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect your personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
You may give us your details by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you
Request quotations for install or maintenance
Request marketing to be sent to you
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances, to offer our services to contact you regarding quotations or services you have requested,
Performance of Contract thismeans processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Legitimate Interestthis means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by emailing your request to enquiries@trac-aircon.co.uk .
Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation this means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.
[Generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting leanne parker on ENQUIRIES@TRAC-AIRCON.CO.UK.
PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE WILL USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, with the legal bases we rely on to do so.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us Leanne Parker on 0121 5851080 or enquiries@trac-aircon.co.uk . If you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To offer you a quotation
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
As above or you advise you are no longer require our services and request your data to be deleted by us.
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you.
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
Third-party marketing
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any company outside Trac Ltd for marketing purposes.
Opting out
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by emailing enquiries@trac-aircon.co.uk at any time.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, warranty registration, product or service experience or other transactions.
Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our Cookie Policy.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please Leanne Parker on Leanne.parker@trac-aircon.co.uk
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
WHO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 4 above.
External Third Parties Service – Sub contractors
Professional advisers including, lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers who provide consulting, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities based in the United Kingdom who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
We do not transfer your personal data outside the European Economic Area (EEA)
DATA SECURITY
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
DATA RETENTION
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
By law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) For seven years after they cease being customers for tax and accounting purposes
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see Your legal rights below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Unless subject to an exemption under the data protection laws, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
The right to request a copy of the personal data which we hold about you;
The right to request that we correct any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date;
The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary to retain such data;
The right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time, where consent was the lawful basis for processing your data;
The right to request that we provide you with your personal data and where possible, to transmit that data directly to another data controller, (known as the right to data portability), where applicable 9i.e. where our processing is based on consent or is necessary for the performance of our contract with you or where we process your data by automated means);
The right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing;
The right to object to our processing of personal data, where applicable i.e. where processing is based on our legitimate interests (or in performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority); direct marketing or processing for the purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics).
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please Leanne Parker on enquiries@trac-aircon.co.uk
No fee required – with some exceptions
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable admin fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Changes to this notice and your duty to inform us of changes
This version was updated on 21/12/2018 and historic versions are archived and can be obtained by contacting us on enquiries@trac-aircon.co.uk
Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us. It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current.
Queries, requests or concerns
To exercise all relevant rights, queries or complaints in relation to this policy or any other data protection matter between you and us, please in the first instance contact our data representative Leanne Parker on enquiries@trac-aircon.co.uk .
If this does not resolve your complaint to your satisfaction, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office on 03031231113 or via email https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/ or at the Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF, England, UK.
Markel Law owns the copyright in this document. You must not use this document in any way that infringes the intellectual property rights in it. You may download and print this document which you may then use, copy or reproduce for your own internal non-profit making purposes. However, under no circumstances are you permitted to use, copy or reproduce this document with a view to profit or gain. In addition, you must not sell or distribute this document to third parties who are not members of your organisation, whether for monetary payment or otherwise.
This document is intended to serve as general guidance only and does not constitute legal advice. The application and impact of laws can vary widely based on the specific facts involved. This document should not be used as a substitute for consultation with professional legal or other competent advisers. Before making any decision or taking any action, you should consult a Markel Law professional.
In no circumstances will Markel Law LLP, or any company within the Markel Group be liable for any decision made or action taken in reliance on the information contained within this document or for any consequential, special or similar damages, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.
Commercial
Leisure
Retail
Residential
Industrial
Close control applications
Energy
Assessments
Support
If you require any further assistance or advice, please contact us
TRAC Air Conditioning and Environmental Services: Shelah Road, Halesowen, West Midlands, B63 3PG
Telephone: 0121 585 1080
Fax: 0121 585 1090
Email: enquiries@trac-aircon.co.uk
TRAC News
TRAC celebrates success at construction awards
We are delighted to announce that we have won an award for our health and safety practices. At an awards evening held at the Hilton … More…
Birmingham Residential Retirement Village
TRAC had already completed work on two similar projects of this type when they began the design of a 250-apartment complex in … More…
Careers
Think you have what it takes? We require Air Conditioning Apprentices now!
View our vacancies
Share this page
Registered Address: Castle Court 2, Castle Gate Way, Dudley, West Midlands, DY1 4RH. Registered in England. - Company Registration no. 1200842 | Terms of Website Use | Acceptable Use Policy | Privacy Notice | Cookie Policy | Terms | Sitemap
Air Conditioning West Midlands, Air Conditioning Birmingham, Air Conditioning Worcestershire, Air Conditioning Solihul, Air Conditioning Coventry, Air Conditioning Wolverhampton | Website design by JE Consulting
Service Engineer
Trac Ltd are looking for an enthusiastic and hardworking Service Engineer, there will be a requirement to travel across the UK and sometimes stay overnight at the company’s expense.
This is an excellent opportunity to join the team and benefit from a forward-thinking and growing company which offers great opportunities for career progression including working with the very latest in air-conditioning technology and the highest quality products.
The ideal engineer must have a minimum of 5 years’ experience & will be fully confident with maintenance, installation & service of Air Conditioning units.
The Air Conditioning Technician will be tasked with carrying out a range of works including service, routine maintenance, fault diagnosis and repair of various types of air conditioning equipment such as Splits, Multi Splits, VRF, VRV systems AHU’s and more. It is expected that the Air Conditioning Engineer will possess a good knowledge of Air Conditioning, hold their F Gas Certificate and NVQ Level 2 / 3 or City & Guilds qualification in Air Conditioning / Refrigeration.  You must understand H&S in the workplace
Normal working hours are 40 hours per week plus over time. This is a typical working week although may increase to suit work load.
The successful candidate must have:
Experience working on Chillers, Fridges, and Heating (Gas Safe) would be an advantage.
Air Conditioning Engineer Position Requirements
Experience on the Service, Maintenance & Install of Air Conditioning systems
Experience across commercial sites
City & Guilds 2079 F-Gas Category 1 or equivalent
Full UK driving licence
Based in the West Midlands area
Competitive hourly rate depending on candidate’s experience.
22 days holiday with the opportunity to increase with time served.
This is a permanent full-time position subject to a 90-day probationary period.
We are looking to commence interviews and recruit immediately.
Interviews will be at our office in Halesowen.
Please email enquiries@trac-aircon.co.uk.
X
Install Engineer
Trac Ltd are looking for an enthusiastic and hardworking Install Engineer, there will be a requirement to travel across the UK and sometimes stay overnight at the company’s expense.
This is an excellent opportunity to join the team and benefit from a forward-thinking and growing company which offers great opportunities for career progression including working with the very latest in air-conditioning technology and the highest quality products.
Normal working hours are 40 hours per week plus over time. This is a typical working week although may increase to suit work load.
You must be technically confident and familiar with all types of air conditioning systems including, splits, VRV’s and have knowledge of chillers and air handling systems. Punctuality, attendance and flexibility is essential.
You must understand H&S in the workplace
The successful candidate must have:
Experience with air conditioning installation
F-Gas certificate
Full UK Driver’s License
NVQ Level 2 Air conditioning & Refrigeration
Competitive hourly rate depending on candidate’s experience.
22 Days Holiday plus bank holidays.
This is a permanent full-time position subject to a 90-day probationary period.
We are looking to commence interviews and recruit immediately.
Interviews will be at our office in Halesowen.
Please email enquiries@trac-aircon.co.uk.
X