http://www.thyssenkrupp.com/en/legal-notes.html
Legal Notes
Data Protection
Copyrights
Liability
Trademarks
Licensing rights
Career
Visitors from the United States of America, the United Kingdom and other English speaking countries are requested to use the English version of our website.
Data Protection
The contents of the website are made available by thyssenkrupp AG, so that website visitors can read information about the product range of thyssenkrupp AG and our company. The handling of personal data of the site visitors follows the strict requirements of the GDPR.
We take the protection of your privacy when using our website very seriously as this important to us. In the following we are pleased to inform you about the collection of personal data.
Collection and processing of personal data
In general, you can visit the website of thyssenkrupp AG on an anonymous basis, i.e. without informing us of who you are. When you visit our website, our web servers in Germany save as standard the IP address of your internet service provider via which you access our website, the site from which you access our website and the files you access from us, as well as the date of your visit and general information about your browser. These data are processed to ensure the security of the web server and to adapt the output of the information retrieved to your output medium (e.g. your phone. laptop or other device). These data are only analyzed in anonymized form for statistical purposes.
Personal data is stored and processed only if you provide us with this information, e.g. when completing a contact form or registering for personalized services. On the respective website you will be informed about the intended use and, if necessary, your consent to the storage and processing requested. Disclosure will only take place at thyssenkrupp companies and service providers affiliated with us, for example to send you the requested written information. Of course, all service providers are committed to data secrecy and confidentiality. A transfer to other third parties does not take place. Your data is always encrypted before transmission and processing to protect this data against unauthorized access
Name and Contact Data of the Controller
The Controller for the processing of personal data is
thyssenkrupp AGthyssenkrupp Allee 145143 EssenGermanyPhone: +49 201 844-0Fax: +49 201 844-536000Email:info@thyssenkrupp.com
Our Data Protection Officer can be reached at:
Data Protection Officerthyssenkrupp AGthyssenkrupp Allee 145143 EssenGermanyPhone.: +49 201 844-0Fax: +49 201 844-536000Email: datenschutzbeauftragter@thyssenkrupp.com
Collection and processing of personal data
In general, you can visit the website of thyssenkrupp AG on an anonymous basis, i.e. without informing us of who you are. When you visit our website, our web servers in Germany save as standard the IP address of your internet service provider via which you access our website, the site from which you access our website and the files you access from us, as well as the date of your visit and general information about your browser. These data are processed to ensure the security of the web server and to adapt the output of the information retrieved to your output medium (e.g. your phone. laptop or other device). These data are only analyzed in anonymized form for statistical purposes.
Personal data is stored and processed only if you provide us with this information, e.g. when completing a contact form or registering for personalized services. On the respective website you will be informed about the intended use and, if necessary, your consent to the storage and processing requested. Disclosure will only take place at thyssenkrupp companies and service providers affiliated with us, for example to send you the requested written information. Of course, all service providers are committed to data secrecy and confidentiality. A transfer to other third parties does not take place. Your data is always encrypted before transmission and processing to protect this data against unauthorized access
Cookiesa) Description and scope of data processing
Cookies are text files that are stored on your computer or other end device. The use of cookies helps us to analyze your website usage, to improve services and products offered, to improve security and to prevent fraud. We differentiate between various cookies:
Session cookies are temporary cookie files that are automatically deleted when you close your browser.Persistent cookies are cookie files that are stored until they are actively deleted or automatically removed after a certain amount of time.First-party cookies are cookies that are set directly by us.Third party cookies are cookies set by a third party
On individual pages, personal data may be stored in cookies if you have previously expressly consented to such, e.g. to not have to re-enter access data. In principle, you can also access all information on our website if you have deactivated cookies in your Internet browser. If you do not accept cookies, this may result in functional limitations of our offers.
On our website we use the cookies listed in the list below.
Name
Content/Purpose
Persistence
Source
cb-enabledCookie-Bot Enabled 1 yearfirst party cookie_gidRegisters a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.24hfirst party cookie_gaRegisters a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.2 yearsfirst party cookie_gat_UA-54756675-6Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate24hfirst party cookie_gat_UA-54756675-2Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate24hfirst party cookie_gatUsed by Google Analytics to throttle request rate24hfirst party cookieName
Content/Purpose
Persistence
Source
cb-enabledCookie-Bot Enabled 1 yearfirst party cookie_gidRegisters a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.24hfirst party cookie_gaRegisters a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.2 yearsfirst party cookie_gat_UA-54756675-6Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate24hfirst party cookie_gat_UA-54756675-2Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate24hfirst party cookie_gatUsed by Google Analytics to throttle request rate24hfirst party cookieb) Legal basis for data processing
The legal basis for the processing of personal data using cookies is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR.
The legal basis for the processing of personal data using technically necessary cookies is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR.
c) Purpose of data processing
Cookies can be used for different purposes.
Functional cookies are used to provide you with standard services on our pages. Without the use of cookies, our website may work only very limited and possibly incorrect.Optimization cookies enable us to analyze the use of our website. If you have not consented to the use of your personal data for this purpose, this will be anonymous. The analysis helps us to improve our services and offered products and services.Personalization cookies allow us to determine your personal preferences, such as your preferred language. We use these cookies to improve usability and offer you a customized experience.Security-relevant cookies are cookies that are necessary to protect the website against attacks and to prevent fraud
d) Duration of storage, option for objection and elimination
Cookies are stored on the user's computer and transmitted to our website. Therefore, you as a user also have full control over the use of cookies. You can deactivate or restrict the transmission of cookies by changing the settings in your Internet browser. Cookies that have already been saved can be deleted at any time. This can also be done automatically. If cookies are deactivated for our website, it may no longer be possible to use all functions of the website to their full extent.
Requests via Email a) Description and scope of data processing
You can contact us via the e-mail address provided. In this case, the user's personal data transmitted by e-mail will be stored.
In this context, the data will not be passed on to third parties. The data is used exclusively for processing the conversation
b) Legal basis for data processing
The legal basis for the processing of data in the case of the user's consent is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR.
The legal basis for the processing of data transmitted in the course of sending an e-mail is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. If the e-mail contact is aimed at the conclusion of a contract, the additional legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR.
c) Purpose of data processing
In the event of contact by e-mail, this also constitutes the necessary legitimate interest in the processing of the data.
d) Duration of storage, option for objection and elimination
The data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary to achieve the purpose for which they were collected. For the personal data sent by e-mail, this is the case when the conversation with the user is finished. The conversation is terminated when the circumstances indicate that the matter in question has been finally clarified.
The user has the possibility to revoke his consent to the processing of personal data at any time. If the user contacts us by e-mail, he/she can object to the storage of his/her personal data at any time. In such a case, the conversation cannot be continued.
Google AnalyticsThis website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). The information generated by cookies about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. This happens anonymously. Your IP address will be anonymized on the web server before being sent to Google. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google server in the US and anonymized there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services related to website activity and internet usage to the website operator. The anonymized IP address provided by Google Analytics within the framework of Google Analytics will not be merged with other data provided by Google. You can prevent the storage of cookies by a corresponding setting of your browser software; however, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use all the features of this website to the fullest extent possible. You can prevent the collection by Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie will be set to prevent future collection of your information when you visit this site: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de. For more information about Terms of Use and Privacy, please visit https://policies.google.com. We point out that on this website Google Analytics has been extended by the code "anonymizeIp" to ensure an anonymous collection of IP addresses (so-called IP-Masking).Google Tag Managerthyssenkrupp AG uses Google Tag Manager, which does not collect any personal information. This tool causes other tags to be created, which in turn collect data under certain circumstances. Google Tag Manager does not access this data. If deactivation was carried out on the domain or cookie level, it remains in place for all tracking tags which were implemented with Google Tag Manager. You can find Google’s Privacy Notice regarding Google Tag Manager here: https://www.google.de/tagmanager/use-policy.htmlPrivacy policy on the use and application of FacebookThe data controller has integrated components of the company Facebook on this website. Facebook is a social network.A social network is a social meeting place operated on the Internet, an online community that generally allows users to communicate with each other and interact in virtual space. A social network can serve as a platform for the exchange of opinions and experiences, or enables the Internet community to provide personal or company-related information. Facebook enables users of the social network to create private profiles, upload photos and network via friend requests, among other things.The operating company of Facebook is Facebook, Inc. 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA. The person responsible for processing personal data, if a data subject lives outside the USA or Canada, is Facebook Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland.Each time a user accesses one of the individual pages of this website, which is operated by the data controller and on which a Facebook component (Facebook plug-in) has been integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted by the respective Facebook component to download a display of the corresponding Facebook component from Facebook. A complete overview of all Facebook plug-ins is available at https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/?locale=en_US. As part of this technical process, Facebook is informed which specific subpage of our website is visited by the person concerned.If the person concerned is logged in to Facebook at the same time, Facebook recognizes which specific subpage of our website the person concerned is visiting each time the person concerned calls up our website and for the entire duration of their stay on our website. This information is collected by the Facebook component and assigned by Facebook to the respective Facebook account of the person concerned. If the person concerned clicks one of the Facebook buttons integrated on our website, for example the "Like" button, or if the person concerned makes a comment, Facebook assigns this information to the person's personal Facebook user account and stores this personal data.Facebook receives information via the Facebook component that the data subject has visited our website if the data subject is logged in to Facebook at the same time when he or she accesses our website; this occurs regardless of whether the data subject clicks on the Facebook component or not. If the data subject does not want this information to be sent to Facebook, he or she can prevent it from being sent by logging out of his or her Facebook account before accessing our website.The data policy published by Facebook, which can be accessed at https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/ , provides information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Facebook. It also explains which setting options Facebook offers to protect the privacy of the person concerned. In addition, various applications are available that make it possible to suppress data transmission to Facebook, for example the Facebook blocker from the provider Webgraph, which can be obtained at http://webgraph.com/resources/facebookblocker/. Such applications can be used by the data subject to suppress data transfer to Facebook.Contact Form
To respond to your request thyssenkrupp AG will process the following personal data if provided in the contact form: form of address, first name, last name, email, street, zip code, town/city, telephone number and content of your request. We will forward your personal data to recipients where this is necessary to meet your request. The legal basis for processing your personal data depends on your request and may take the form of a contract with you (Art.6 (1) (b) GDPR), your consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR) or our legitimate interests in providing you with a good service based on a balance of interests (Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR). We are supported in the operation of our contact form by our IT service providers as order processors. We will process your data – where processing is based on your consent – until your consent is withdrawn or – where processing is based on a balance of interests – until you object to this or your request has been completed. Unless you provide the data required to contact you and to understand and process your request, we will not be able to process your request. All other information is optional. This service is only for persons over the age of 18.
If we process your personal data on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR), you can withdraw this consent at any time for the future. If we process your personal data on the basis of a balance of interests (Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR), you can object to this at any time for the future.
In addition we process the referrer information in connection with use of the contact form (Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR), which is erased after 4 weeks at the latest. It is technically not possible to use the contact form without collecting this information.
Online applications (career section)
For the career section of our online services, please consider the following data protection information.
Rights of the data subject
If personal data are processed by you, you are data subject within the meaning of the GDPR and you have the following rights vis-à-vis the Controller:
Right to information
You can ask the Controller to confirm whether personal data concerning you is processed by us.
If such processing has taken place, you can request the following information from the Controller:
the purposes for which the personal data are processed;the categories of personal data being processed;the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data concerning you have been or still are disclosed;the planned duration of the storage of the personal data concerning you or, if specific information on this is not possible, criteria for determining the storage period;the existence of a right to correction or deletion of personal data concerning you, a right to limitation of processing by the Controller or a right to object to such processing;the existence of a right of appeal to a supervisory authority;any available information on the origin of the data if the personal data are not collected from the data subject;the existence of automated decision-making including profiling in accordance with Art. 22 para. 1 and 4 GDPR and – at least in these cases – meaningful information on the logic involved and the scope and intended effects of such processing for the data subject.
You have the right to request information as to whether the personal data concerning you is transmitted to a third country or to an international organisation. In this context, you may request to be informed of the appropriate guarantees pursuant to Art. 46 GDPR in connection with the transmission.
Right to rectification
You have a right to correction and/or completion vis-à-vis the Controller if the personal data processed concerning you are incorrect or incomplete. The Controller shall make the correction without delay.
Right to restriction of processing
You may request that the processing of personal data concerning you be restricted subject to the following conditions:
if you dispute the accuracy of the personal data concerning you for a period that enables the data controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data;the processing is unlawful and you refuse to delete the personal data and instead request that the use of the personal data be restricted;the Controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but you do need them to assert, exercise or defend legal claims, orif you have filed an objection to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 para. 1 GDPR and it has not yet been determined whether the legitimate reasons of the Controller outweigh your reasons.
If the processing of personal data concerning you has been restricted, such data may only be processed – apart from being stored – with your consent or for the purpose of asserting, exercising or defending rights or protecting the rights of another natural or legal person or on grounds of an important public interest of the Union or a Member State.
If the processing restriction has been restricted in accordance with the above conditions, you will be informed by the Controller before the restriction is cancelled.
Right to erasure
Obligation to delete
You may request the Controller to delete the personal data relating to you without delay and the Controller is obliged to delete this data without delay if one of the following reasons applies:
The personal data concerning you are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.You revoke your consent, on which the processing was based pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a or Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a GDPR, and there is no other legal basis for the processing.You file an objection against the processing pursuant to Art. 21 para. 1 GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate reasons for the processing, or you file an objection against the processing pursuant to Art. 21 para. 2 GDPR.The personal data concerning you have been processed unlawfully.The deletion of personal data relating to you is necessary to fulfil a legal obligation under Union law or the law of the Member States to which the Controller is subject.The personal data concerning you have been collected in relation to information society services offered pursuant to Art. 8 para. 1 GDPR.
Information to third parties
If the Controller has made the personal data concerning you public and is obliged to delete it pursuant to Art. 17 para. 1 GDPR, he shall take appropriate measures, including technical measures, taking into account the available technology and the implementation costs, to inform data processors who process the personal data that you as the data subject have requested the deletion of all links to this personal data or of copies or replications of this personal da
Exceptions
The right to erasure does not exist insofar as the processing is necessary:
to exercise freedom of expression and information;for the performance of a legal obligation required for processing under the law of the Union or of the Member States to which the Controller is subject or for the performance of a task in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority conferred on the Controller;for reasons of public interest in the field of public health pursuant to Art. 9 para. 2 lit. h and i and Art. 9 para. 3 GDPR;for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or for statistical purposes pursuant to Art. 89 para. 1 GDPR, insofar as the law referred to under a) is likely to make it impossible or seriously impair the attainment of the objectives of such processing, orto assert, exercise or defend legal claims..
Right to information
If you have exercised your right to have the Controller correct, delete or limit the processing, he/she is obliged to inform all recipients to whom the personal data concerning you have been disclosed of this correction or deletion of the data or restriction on processing, unless this proves impossible or involves a disproportionate effort.
You have the right vis-à-vis the Controller to be informed of these recipient
Right to data portability
You have the right to receive the personal data concerning you that you have provided to the Controller in a structured, common and machine-readable format. In addition, you have the right to pass this data on to another Controller without obstruction by the Controller to whom the personal data was provided, if:
processing is based on consent pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR or Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a GDPR or on a contract pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR, andprocessing is carried out by means of automated methods
In exercising this right, you also have the right to request that the personal data concerning you be transferred directly from one Controller to another Controller, insofar as this is technically feasible. The freedoms and rights of other persons must not be affected by this.
The right to data transferability shall not apply to the processing of personal data necessary for the performance of a task in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority conferred on the controller.
Right of objection
You have the right to object at any time, for reasons arising from your particular situation, to the processing of personal data concerning you under Article 6(1)(e) or (f) of the GDPR; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions.
The Controller no longer processes the personal data concerning you, unless he can prove compelling reasons worthy of protection for the processing, which outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
If the personal data concerning you are processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of the personal data concerning you for the purpose of such advertising; this also applies to profiling, insofar as it is associated with such direct marketing.
If you object to the processing for direct marketing purposes, the personal data concerning you will no longer be processed for these purposes.
You have the option to exercise your right of objection in connection with the use of Information Society services by means of automated procedures using technical specifications, notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC.
Right to revoke consent under data protection law
You have the right to revoke your consent under data protection law at any time. The revocation of consent shall not affect the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until such revocation.
Automated decision in individual cases including profiling
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based exclusively on automated processing - including profiling - that has legal effect against you or significantly impairs you in a similar manner. This does not apply if the decision:
is necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract between you and the Controller,is admissible due to the legislation of the Union or of the Member States to which the person responsible is subject and that legislation contains appropriate measures to safeguard your rights, freedoms and legitimate interests; oris made with your express consent.
However, these decisions may not be based on special categories of personal data pursuant to Art. 9 para. 1 GDPR, unless Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a or g GDPR applies and appropriate measures have been taken to protect your rights and freedoms and your legitimate interests.
In the cases referred to in (1) and (3), the Controller shall take reasonable measures to safeguard your rights, freedoms and legitimate interests, including at least the right to obtain the intervention of a person on the part of the Controller, to state the own position and to challenge the decision.
Right of appeal to a supervisory authority
Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right of appeal to a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State where you reside, work or at the place of the suspected infringement, if you believe that the processing of personal data concerning you is contrary to the GDPR.
The supervisory authority to which the complaint has been lodged shall inform the complainant of the status and results of the complaint, including the possibility of a judicial remedy under Article 78 GDPR.
Scope and amendments to this privacy statement
This privacy statement applies exclusively to the use of our website. It does not apply to the websites of other service providers to which we provide a link. We accept no responsibility or liability for third-party statements and guidelines with no connection to our website.
We reserve the right to amend these data privacy rules from time to time in accordance with future changes relating to the collection and processing of personal data."
Copyrights
Copyright 2019 thyssenkrupp AG. All rights reserved. The content including pictures and the design of the thyssenkrupp AG website are subject to copyright protection and other laws for the protection of intellectual property. No dissemination or alteration of the content of these pages or of the frames or similar measures are permitted. Moreover, these contents may not be copied, disseminated, modified or made available to third parties for commercial purposes.
Liability
The information that thyssenkrupp AG presents to you on this website is compiled and updated periodically. It is impossible to guarantee freedom from all errors. For this reason, thyssenkrupp AG disclaims and excludes all liability or warranty with regard to the accuracy, completeness and up-to-dateness of the information provided on this website. There is no warranty of merchantability, no warranty of fitness for a particular use, and no other warranty of any kind, express or implied, regarding the information or any aspect of this website.This website provides links to other websites. thyssenkrupp AG disclaims all liability and warranty with respect to any information obtained from and your interaction with any website that you reach by means of a link from this website. These websites are operated by separate companies. thyssenkrupp AG is also not responsible for the data protection precautions of the operators of such websites. thyssenkrupp AG urges you to check the privacy policy, terms and conditions disclaimers on such websites before using such websites.
In no event will thyssenkrupp AG or other companies mentioned at this site be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of the use, inability to use, or the results of use of this site, any websites linked to this site, or the content contained at any or all such sites, including but not limited to damages to computer system, data or any personal objects resulting from the downloading of material and/or data from this website or from websites reached by links from this website. thyssenkrupp AG reserves the right to undertake alterations or additions to the information or data provided at all times without further notice. Insofar as our Internet pages contain forward-looking statements, these statements are based on opinions and estimations of thyssenkrupp AG Management and are subject to risks and uncertainties. thyssenkrupp AG is not obliged to update such forward-looking statements. All liability for such statements is expressly excluded.
Trademarks
Unless otherwise indicated, all trademarks used on thyssenkrupp AG Internet pages are protected by trademark law. The same applies to company logos and signs.
Licensing rights
The intellectual property contained on this website is legally protected through patents, trademarks and copyrights. This website does not grant any license to use the intellectual property owned by companies of the thyssenkrupp Group. Duplication, dissemination, reproduction and further transmission and other use are prohibited without the written consent of thyssenkrupp AG.