http://www.forging.org/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Data Collected
FIA / FIERF currently collect three types of information from its Website: (1) your IP (Internet Protocol) address; (2) information voluntarily submitted (3) cookies if the user so chooses.
IP Address
Your IP address often does not identify an individual, but rather is only a temporary name by which an individual obtains access to the FIA / FIERF Website. FIA / FIERF uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Website quality.
Information Voluntarily Submitted
This information is usually, but not limited to, the name, address and item purchased, meeting attended or topic of interest. FIA / FIERF may distribute further relevant information to individuals identified in this way. On occasion, FIA / FIERF may share limited information to further their goals and objectives.
Individuals who would like to "opt out" of receiving additional communications from FIA should contact FIA to have their names removed from our lists. Corrections or other changes may also be made by e-mailing info@forging.org, or by calling (216) 781-6260.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are bits of information stored on your computer when you visit a Website. Cookies can be used to store your personalized information such as username and password when visiting the Members Only section. At any time, you may choose to use, or not to use, this type of cookies technology to perform personalization on our site. If you choose not to, you must always manually log in to your profile each time you visit the site.
Links to Other Sites
The FIA / FIERF sites contain links to other sites. FIA / FIERF is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Websites.
You may access your identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by contacting FIA / FIERF at 216-781-6260. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
How to Contact us to Access or Correct Your Information
You can correct factual errors in your identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To correct errors or request opt-out, send email to info@forging.org. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.