http://www.brotherhoodmutual.com/legalassist/quick-response-service/
Covid-19 Pandemic resources to help keep your people safe.
Personal Response Service
Legal Guidance for Ministries
Our Legal Assist attorneys provide complimentary risk management guidance in response to your questions about ministry-related legal issues, including ministry security, child protection, contracts, religious freedom, and more.
Request their help by completing this online form. They will typically respond within a few days. Document reviews may take up to 10 business days.
For more urgent matters, you can also call 800.333.3735 to speak with an attorney during business hours (Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., EST).
*Important information: Brotherhood Mutual is pleased to provide Legal Assist as a complimentary resource. The services we offer through Legal Assist are intended to provide general legal information to our current and prospective policyholders.The information we provide is intended to be helpful, but it does not constitute legal advice and is not a substitute for the advice from a licensed attorney in your area. Accordingly, no attorney/client relationship is created through this process, and no legal advice will be provided. We strongly encourage you to regularly consult with a local attorney as part of your risk management program.
California Residents: By submitting this form, you will be providing Brotherhood Mutual Insurance Company with personal information such as your name, telephone number, email address and job title. Brotherhood Mutual may use this information to respond to your inquiry and provide you with information regarding insurance products and related services. To learn more about how we use your personal information, view our Privacy Notice for California Consumers.
Request A Quote
Thank you for your interest in Brotherhood Mutual. We appreciate the opportunity to provide your church or other ministry with an insurance quote and will reply to your request as soon as possible.
2020 Brotherhood Mutual
Submit Your Question
Text to follow...
2020 Brotherhood Mutual