http://www.mcintoshlabs.com/help
HELP
Glossary of Terms
POWER GUARD®
McIntosh designed and patented circuit that prevents speaker clipping. Photo-optics react in 1/1000th of a second to regulate power levels to speaker, protecting the speakers and the amplifier. A waveform comparison circuit continuously monitors both input and output signals. Power Guard dynamically adjusts the input level to avoid clipping while preventing harsh sounding distortion.
SENTRY MONITOR™
McIntosh designed and patented circuit that activates in case of accidental “shorts" in speaker wires. Fuse-less short-circuit protection circuit disengages the output stage before current exceeds safe operating level-resets automatically.
OUTPUT AUTOFORMER™
Unique McIntosh technology delivers the full rated amplifier output with the least possible distortion into loudspeaker impedances of 2, 4, or 8 Ohms; you get all the power you paid for and the freedom to choose any loudspeaker.
LD/HP® SPEAKER DESIGN
Low Distortion / High Performance shorting circuit lowers distortion resulting in clearer sound. Power handling increases for greater output.
WATTMETER
Swift, accurate response reveals program peaks so staying within the power limits of your loudspeaker is easy.
LINE SOURCE ARRAY
Describes the placement of drivers within a speaker. Result is volume falls off with distance at a slower rate. Cylindrical sound pattern reduces early reflections at critical high frequencies, especially in live rooms. Volume is more even through the length of the room.
VRV (VARIABLE RATE VOLUME)
The McIntosh two stage VRV (Variable Rate Volume) Control is electronic in action. It never wears or needs cleaning, and keeps channels matched to within an amazing 1/10th of 1dB.
I have reviewed and agree to the foregoing Terms & Conditions, including the McIntosh Privacy Policy linked therein. As explained in the Privacy Policy, Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience and to analyze our website traffic. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our Terms & Conditions and use of cookies.
Accept