http://www.fincaelinjerto.com/pages/privacy-policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Updated and effective as of March 9, 2020
El Injerto ("El Injerto" or "us" or "we" or "our") owns and operates the fincaelinjerto.com site ("Site"). El Injerto is committed to protecting your privacy when you visit and interact with the Site. As such, El Injerto's privacy practices are explained in this Privacy Policy ("Policy").
This Policy contains details about how El Injerto collects and uses information from you when you use the Site.
This Policy covers only the Site. Other El Injerto sites and other online locations may have their own privacy policies, and you should consult those accordingly.
Policy Changes
Your continued use of the Site after any changes are made to this Policy constitutes your acceptance of the changes. If any of the changes are unacceptable to you, you should cease using the Site.
If any changes to this Policy affect how El Injerto treats or handles information already provided by you to El Injerto, El Injerto will notify you by email (if El Injerto has a valid email address to use) and give you thirty (30) days to opt-in to the changes as they pertain to your information. If you do not opt-in, your information will continue to be used in a manner that is consistent with the version of this Policy under which it was collected, or the information will be deleted.
Collection and Use of Information
El Injerto may collect and store any information you submit or upload through the Site, whether through your account registration, purchasing a product, uploading of user content, posting of comments, or otherwise. This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, email address, contact information, personal preferences, payment information, or any other information submitted by you or any user through the Site. El Injerto may also collect and store passive information about your use of the Site as discussed herein. El Injerto may use the collected information or data described herein, individually or in the aggregate, for any lawful purpose.
El Injerto may use your submitted information to contact you, via regular mail, email, text message, telephone, or otherwise, regarding your account, the Site, your purchased products, or other relevant or promotional information or offers as determined by El Injerto or its partners. By submitting your contact information to El Injerto or El Injerto's partners, you consent to receiving such communications.
Personally identifiable information ("PII") is generally defined as information that may be able to identify you such as, but not limited to, name, address, telephone number, email address, birthday, credit card number, photograph, age, etc.
There are areas on the Site where you may be asked to provide El Injerto with PII. PII such as name, mailing address, email address, phone number, credit card number, and birthday may be collected from you when you visit and/or interact with the Site, such as when you:
order products or services through the Site;
complete and submit any form through the Site;
register for El Injerto meetings or events;
contact El Injerto with questions or comments;
set up a Site account (e.g., create a user name, password, and an answer to a security question);
participate in surveys, questionnaires, or contests; and/or
sign up for El Injerto's newsletter.
El Injerto may use your PII to:
provide or deliver to you goods and services through the Site;
maintain proper business information and records;
administer Site accounts;
schedule/administer meetings and events;
respond to questions or comments;
process and catalog forms submitted through the Site and responses to surveys or questionnaires;
enter you in contests and other promotions;
communicate with you;
send you El Injerto newsletters and other updates;
improve the content and general administration of the Site;
resolve disputes;
troubleshoot Site technical issues;
enforce the Site Terms of Use;
perform internal operations (e.g., fraud prevention);
conduct data analysis and testing; and/or
analyze Site usage and Site activity patterns and trends.
The Site may use cookies. Cookies are files that are transmitted to your computer when you visit the Site. Cookies allow El Injerto to recognize your browser when you subsequently return to the Site. Cookies may also collect your user preferences when you visit the Site. It is possible that some of the collected elements, when combined with other data, could possibly be used to identify a person. El Injerto may use cookies to:
store and track information about you;
remind us of who you are when you access your Site account information and/or use Site services in order to deliver to you a more personalized service;
measure your Site visiting patterns in the aggregate in order to build higher quality online services by performing statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our visitors, such as how long and how often users view certain pages;
determine your clickstream to the Site;
better personalize the Site content;
collect IP addresses and log-in information for system administration;
automatically share some information with Google Analytics and/or other analytics programs to analyze a broad range of information (the analytics are exclusively for our internal use to better manage the Site experience for our visitors and evaluate advertising strategies and tactics); and
to assist us in delivering the highest quality of Site services that is possible.
All pages on the Site where you are prompted to login or that are customizable may require you to accept cookies. You may be able to delete the cookies by consulting your browser and/or computer instructions. Please note that any deletion of cookies could affect how the Site appears and/or operates for you.
El Injerto uses third-party tools to track its online marketing campaigns and efforts. These tools provides information on, but it is not limited to, analytics and details on search engine keywords, search queries, and the tracking of clicks to the Site. While these tools should not directly collect obvious PII, it does collect analytical information that could be tied to a specific user such as general geographic location, browser type, mobile phone details. El Injerto only uses this information internally to track its online marketing campaigns and efforts.
We use third-party tags and tracking pixels. For example, we use Pinterest's tag, which is a conversion tracking pixel, to help us optimize your user experience on Pinterest. We use other third-party tags and tracking pixels to help us optimize your user experience on certain third-party websites.
Additionally, El Injerto may collect and save browsing and data log information linked to your use of the Site. We may link this information to PII we have collected about you.
By providing to El Injerto the PII and other information referenced above, you agree that El Injerto may use the PII and other information in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
Sharing of PII and Other Information
Except as noted herein, El Injerto does not sell or share your PII with any person or entity outside of El Injerto. If a third party vendor or service provider directly collects PII through the Site, that is addressed in the above "Collection and Use of Information" section.
The Site may integrate with social media sites/services which let you share actions you take on the Site with other sites, apps, or media, and vice versa. Please review the privacy policies of those social media services for more information about how they handle the information you provide to or share through them.
In addition to any other information sharing or disclosure practices described in this Policy, El Injerto will share certain portions of PII and non-PII with its third party contractors, vendors, and service providers in order to make the Site and Site related services function properly. This may include sharing information with:
our order processing/fulfillment and credit/debit card processing entities in order to process any orders and credit/debit card payments made through the Site;
marketing, customer service, survey and mailing/postal vendors to assist us with our business and marketing communications; and
our email vendor to send you emails on our behalf.
El Injerto may share PII with our subsidiaries and affiliates, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control, in which case we will require these affiliates to honor this Policy.
El Injerto will disclose your PII if it reasonably believes it is required to do so by law or in cooperation with a governmental or law enforcement investigation. El Injerto may also share PII or other information in order to avoid imminent physical harm to any person or harm to any El Injerto rights or property (including, without limitation, in the event of a transfer of control of El Injerto or substantially all of its assets).
El Injerto may share your PII with a third party if El Injerto ownership status changes, such as it being acquired. If our company or our assets are acquired by another company, that company will possess the PII collected by us and it will assume the rights and obligations regarding your PII as described in this Policy.
Other than what is referenced above, the PII collected from you is not shared with nor sold to any person or entity outside of El Injerto.
Review of Collected PII/Other Choices
If you would like to review, edit, or delete any of the PII El Injerto collected from you, or wish El Injerto to cease using your PII in the manners specified in this Policy, please contact El Injerto at cafeteria@fincaelinjerto.com. El Injerto will do its best to accommodate your request, but El Injerto cannot guarantee it can remove all PII from the specified uses. Therefore, please be as specific as possible in your request. If the request relates to information that El Injerto needs to make the Site function properly for you, you may not be able to properly use the Site moving forward.
El Injerto reserves the right to maintain proper business records as required by law, or for other legitimate business purposes to the extent allowed by law, even if such records contain your PII.
If you would like to opt out of receiving further promotional emails from El Injerto, please follow the opt-out instructions at the bottom of the email or send El Injerto a detailed email to cafeteria@fincaelinjerto.com
El Injerto does not knowingly collect any information from minors, nor is the Site directed at or intended for minors. If a minor uploads/posts information to the Site that is publicly available, and the minor subsequently wants that same information deleted, the minor has a right to request that said information be removed from public viewing. Any removal of content by El Injerto does not ensure or guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of the content in all places. The content may have been shared or reposted by other parties, or federal or state law may require maintenance of the content.
Behavioral Advertising
As described above, we use PII to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative's ("NAI") educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by changing your personal settings:
Google - https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
Bing - https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
Pinterest - https://www.pinterest.com/?next=/settings/
Data Security and Retention
Whenever El Injerto collects PII though the Site, we take steps to ensure that your PII is treated securely and in accordance with the relevant Terms of Use and this Policy. Your PII is stored on our servers located in the United States. We use, implement, and maintain industry standard technological, procedural and mechanical safeguards that are reasonably designed to help protect your PII from loss, theft, unauthorized access, or disclosure in both storage/rest and in transmission, such as encryption. Unfortunately, data transmission over the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure. We cannot warrant or ensure the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.
If you are concerned about sending information to El Injerto over the Internet, please send the information by mail or call us to make other arrangements. El Injerto is not responsible for the security of information sent over the Internet.
El Injerto retains collected information for a reasonable amount of time in order to fulfill the stated purpose for why the information was collected. El Injerto will also retain collected information connected to business records for periods of time required by law. If El Injerto determines that collected information is no longer needed, it will delete such information. Our collection times will be consistent with applicable law.
Children's Privacy
The Site is intended for individuals 18 years of age and older located in the United States.
The Site is not directed at, marketed to, nor intended for, children under 13 years of age. El Injerto does not knowingly collect any information, including PII, from children under 13 years of age. If El Injerto learns that any information was provided through the Site by a person younger than 13 years of age, El Injerto will delete the information immediately.
El Injerto will not use a minor's PII to market or advertise certain products or services deemed harmful to children. El Injerto also will not disclose any minor's PII if it has actual knowledge that the minor's PII will be used for the purpose of marketing or advertising the harmful products or services.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, California law provides you with a number of rights in relation to your personal information. We will not discriminate against any consumer exercising any of these rights. If you are a resident of the State of California, you have the following rights:
The Right to Know. You have a right to know what categories and specific pieces of personal information have been collected about you. You also have a right to know the categories of sources from which we have obtained this personal information. You have the right to know our business and/or commercial purposes for collecting, using, or disclosing your personal information. Finally, you have the right to know the categories of third parties with whom we share this information, and the categories of information we have so shared for a business purpose.
The Right to Specific Information. You have a right to receive a copy of  the specific personal information we have collected about you.
The Right to Delete. You have a right to have your collected personal information deleted, subject to certain exceptions provided by California law.
Assertion of these rights requires a verified request from you. To make requests, or if you have a question regarding our privacy practices, please contact us at cafeteria@fincaelinjerto.com
Address for California Privacy Requests
Please include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code (your street address is optional if you wish to receive a response to your request via email). We will not accept requests via the telephone or by fax. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information.
We do not currently sell your personal information to third parties. If that changes, we will update our privacy policy.
Your Nevada Privacy Rights
Nevada law (SB 220) permits customers in Nevada to opt-out of the sale of certain kinds of personal information. A sale under Nevada law is the transfer of this personal information to third parties for monetary consideration so these third parties can then re-sell or license the sold information. El Injerto does not sell your personal information to third parties as defined in Nevada law. If you are a Nevada resident and wish to opt-out of the sale of your personal information should we change our practices in the future, you must send a request by e-mail to cafeteria@fincaelinjerto.com. Make sure to state that you are a Nevada resident.
Non-U.S. Concerns
The Site is meant for individuals within the United States. If you provide information to El Injerto from outside of the United States, you do so at your own risk.
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.
If you are outside of the United States, you are responsible for complying with any local laws regarding use of the Site, and related data collection. You also agree and acknowledge that by providing any information, including PII, through the Site, that such information will be transmitted to, processed in, and stored in, Canada and the United States.
External Links
The Site may contain links to external sites, including those embedded in third party advertisements or sponsor information, that are not controlled by El Injerto. El Injerto is not responsible for the privacy practices and data collection policies for such third party sites. You should consult the privacy policies of those sites for details.
El Injerto may also allow interaction between the Site and other sites or mobile applications such as Facebook or other social media providers. This may include the "Like" button or other plugins available through the Site that allow you to share information with persons outside of the Site. Please consult the privacy policies of those third party providers before using them to make sure you are comfortable with the level of sharing.
If you choose to share your PII with any third parties, you are responsible for all actions they take with your PII.
Terms of Use
The Terms of Use for the Site is incorporated by reference into this Policy. The Terms of Use can be found at: https://www.fincaelinjerto.com/pages/terms-of-service
Miscellaneous
This Policy and the relevant Terms of Use are the sole authorized statements of El Injerto's practices with respect to the online collection of PII and the usage of such information. Any summaries of this Policy generated by third party software or otherwise shall have no legal effect, are in no way binding upon El Injerto, shall not be relied upon as a substitute for this Policy, and neither supersede nor modify this Policy.
If you have any questions regarding this Policy, please contact El Injerto at:
EMAIL: cafeteria@fincaelinjerto.com PHONE: +502 2425-8520
It is the policy of El Injerto to strictly enforce this Policy. If you believe there has been some violation of this Policy, please contact El Injerto.
Copyright © 2020. All Rights Reserved. Finca El Injerto
Join The
EL Injerto Family
15% OFF
Be the first to get new product announcements, updates & exclusive deals - starting today!