https://www.eicu.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Entertainment Industries FCU is committed to making available financial products and services that will enable you to meet your financial needs and reach your financial goals. Protecting personal information and using it in a manner consistent with your expectations is a high priority for everyone associated with Entertainment Industries FCU. As a member of Entertainment Industries FCU, you also have a responsibility to safeguard your financial information. To ensure that you can rely upon the quality of products and services we make available, our credit union stands behind the following privacy policy:
Entertainment Industries FCU will collect only the personal information that is necessary to conduct our business. That means just what is necessary to provide competitive financial products and services - no more.
Entertainment Industries FCU will protect your personal information. Entertainment Industries FCU will maintain strong security controls to ensure that member information in our files and computers is protected. Where appropriate, we will use security coding techniques to protect against unauthorized access to personal records, ensure accuracy and integrity of communications and transactions, and protect member confidentiality. Our Web Site contains links to other sites. The Credit Union is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web Sites.
You will always have access to your information. As a member of Entertainment Industries FCU, you will always have the opportunity to review your information and make necessary changes to ensure that our records are complete and accurate.
Entertainment Industries FCU will only share information when absolutely necessary. We will only share information to administer the products and services we provide, when required to do so by the government, or when we partner with other businesses to offer a broader array of products and services.
Entertainment Industries FCU will partner only with businesses that follow strict confidentiality requirements. The businesses we select will offer products designed to enhance our members' economic well-being. Under no circumstances will we authorize these firms to charge your account without your express written consent, and we will not sell member information to telemarketing firms.
Entertainment Industries FCU will offer you a choice in how your information is used. Any member of Entertainment Industries FCU may elect to keep information from being shared with our business partners. We will inform you on how to exercise your choice, and we will take all reasonable steps to make sure your requests are followed. At least once a year, we will remind all members of your right to choose. This is referred to as "Opt Out." Members who "Opt Out" will continue to receive offers from the Credit Union. If you wish to "Opt Out" of receiving offers from any third party marketing companies, please put your request in writing and send it to Entertainment Industries Federal Credit Union at 550 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10022-3211. Please include your account numbers and sign your correspondence. The same should be followed to "Opt Back." The Credit Union is proud of it's commitment to member confidentiality, and will make this policy available upon request. Any member's concern relating to this policy should be forwarded directly to the Credit Union contingency and circumstance; it is intended to create enforceable legal rights in any individual. The Credit Union does not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of third parties, affiliates, or non-affiliates. The credit Union may authorize exceptions to this policy. The Credit Union reserves the right to change this policy at any time, with or without notice.
Accessibility Options
Font Size
Contrast
Image Grayscale
Accessibility Statement