http://www.northpak.com.au/privacypolicy
Security and Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
PremierNorthpak Website Security and Privacy Statement
PremierNorthpak Pty Ltd respects the privacy rights of our online visitors. We understand that your right to privacy is of the utmost importance. We are strongly committed to the protection of our visitors’ personal information and promise to never knowingly share, sell or otherwise distribute your private information without your explicit prior consent. By visiting this site, you are accepting the terms & conditions in our privacy policy which appears below in detail.
This privacy policy relates to personal information that PremierNorthpak collects, and the ways in which this information is used and pertains to visitors to this website as well as all social media and other digital services held by PremierNorthpak Pty Ltd.
Personal information collection
PremierNorthpak may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
•   information about your use of this website (site use statistics, including but not limited to IP address, browser type, OS type and other generally gathered usage details not including individual to IP address correlation);
•   information that you provide for the purpose of registering with or purchasing via this website (including company name and associated contact details and purchase and order details)
•   information about transactions carried out over this website (including a record of all online form completion, orders and sales);
•   information that you provide for the purpose of subscribing to the website services (including relevant contact details including but not limited to individual and company names and email addresses); and
•   any other information that you send to PremierNorthpak.
Use of personal information
PremierNorthpak may use your personal information to:
•   administer this website;
•   personalise the website for you;
•   enable your access to and use of the website services
•   send to you products that you purchase;
•   supply to you services that you purchase;
•   send you statements and invoices;
•   collect payments from you; and
•   send you opt-in marketing communications.
We use this information to communicate with you & provide you with your requested service or product. If you provide your consent at the time your personal information is collected via this website, we may also send you our news on services or up & coming events in the interest of serving you. You may instruct us at any time not to receive these letters by emailing sales@premiernorthpak.com.au – please allow 48 hours for this process to be completed.
Where PremierNorthpak discloses your personal information to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy.
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, PremierNorthpak may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
Securing of your data
Any personal information you provide to PremierNorthpak is kept on secure servers. We use reasonable administrative, technical, personnel & physical measures to safeguard personal information against loss, theft, unauthorised use, disclosure, or modification; and to ensure the integrity of the personal information.
Information relating to electronic transactions entered into via this website will be protected by encryption technology.
Cross-border data transfers
Information that PremierNorthpak collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which PremierNorthpak operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.
Links to third party websites
This website contains links to third party websites. PremierNorthpak does not have control of these third-party sites & are not responsible for any personal information you may provide while on such sites or material published on such sites. We advise you to read the privacy policies on those websites before providing any of your personal information on such sites.
Modifications to this Privacy Policy
PremierNorthpak reserves the right to make changes to this online privacy policy at any time. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Contact PremierNorthpak
If you wish to access or correct any personal information we hold about you or have any feedback or concerns about privacy, please contact us as set out below.
•   Email to sales@premiernorthpak.com.au; or
•   Post to PremierNorthpak, 13 – 15 Edinburgh Road, Marrickville NSW 2204.
COOKIES POLICY
The Use of Cookies
PremierNorthpak may use “cookies” or similar electronic tools to collect information to enhance your experience with this website. Cookies are pieces of information generated by a web server & stored in your computer, ready for future access. Cookies are embedded in the HTML information flowing back & forth between your computer & the servers. Cookies were implemented to allow user-side customisation of web information. Essentially, cookies make use of user-specific information transmitted by the web server onto the user’s computer so that the information might be available for later access by itself or other servers. In most cases, not only does the storage of personal information into a cookie go unnoticed, so does access to it. Web servers automatically gain access to relevant cookies whenever you establish a connection to them, usually in the form of web requests.
Any information collected by the cookies used by PremierNorthpak or by a third party acting on our behalf will be collected anonymously & will not be used by us to subsequently identify you or to prepare the collection, processing, or use of personal information about you without your prior consent.
Copyright © 2020 PremierNorthpak | All rights reserved | Powered by Financial Tracker | Website Design by Jimmyweb
Copyright © 2020 PremierNorthpak | All rights reserved | Powered by Financial Tracker | Web Hosting and Website Design by Jimmyweb
Call Sales (02) 8596 8100 ENQUIRE NOW
BAGS
CONTAINERS &
TRAYS
CUPS & ACCESSORIES
FOOD WRAPPINGS
TABLEWARE
BAKING
CLEANING &AMP
HYGIENE
FOOD SUPPLIES
STATIONERY
BY INDUSTRY
Colleges & Universiti
Bakeries & Patisseries
Cafés Bistros & Brasseries
Catering
Chicken Shops
Churches & Charities
Clubs
Coffee Roasters
Confectionary Shops
Delicatessans
Fish & Seafood Shops
Food Manufacturers
Fruit & Vegetable Shops
Hairdressers
Hospitals
Hotels & Motels
Ice Creameries
Juice Bars
Non Food Retailers
Offices
Pizza Shops
Restaurants
Schools
Schools Colleges & Universities
Supermarkets
Take Away & Fast Food Shops
BY FOOD / BEVERAGE
Baguette
Biscuits
Broth
Burger
Burrito
Canapes
Cereal & Muesli
Chicken
Chips
Chocolates
Coffee
Cous Cous
Crush
Curry
Egg
Fish
Frittata
Fruit Salad
Gelato
Gozleme
Grain
Granola
Hummus
Ice Cream
Juice
Lollies
Mash
Meatballs
Milkshake
Muesli
Muffin
Nachos
Noodles
Nuggets
Nuts
Pasta
Pastry
Pie
Poke
Popcorn
Pork
Porridge
Potato
Rice
Risotto
Roast
Salad
Sandwich
Schnitzel
Smoothie
Spring Rolls
Stir Fry
Sundae
Sushi
Tabouli
Tea
Vegetables
Wedges
Wrap
Yoghurt
Appetiser
Bread
Cake
Cereals
Champagne
Cookies
Cookies & Biscuits
Dip
Dressing
Dumplings
Hamburger
Hot Dog
Kebab
Mac
Macarons
Meat
Milk
Oyster
Pad Thai
Pies & Tarts
Pizza
Pudding
Sandwiches
Sauce
Sausage
Seafood
Slider
Soup
Wine
LOGIN