http://www.palm-school.com/privacy_policy/
Privacy Policy
YOUR PRIVACY
At Palm Construction School, we are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to process orders and to provide a more personalized experience. Please read on for more details about our privacy policy.
What information do we collect and how do we use it?
When you submit an order, we need to know your name, email address, and mailing address, along with your credit card number and expiration date. This information allows us to process and fulfill your orders in addition to notifying you of your order status.
We monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of this site for convenience and ease of use.
We may also use the information we collect to allow us to occasionally notify you about important functionality changes to the website, new Palm Construction School services, and special offers we think you'll find valuable.
Will Palm Construction School disclose the information it collects to outside parties?
Palm Construction School does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to outside parties. Palm Construction School may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information.
What about "cookies"?
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. These cookies do not contain any personally identifying information, but they do enable us to provide features such as online shopping and the storing of items in your shopping cart between visits. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can typically change this option from within your browser to prevent it. Even without the cookie, you can still use most of the features in our store, including placing items in your shopping cart and purchasing them.
Your Consent
By using this website, you consent to the collection and use of any information given by you to Palm Construction School. If, under any circumstances, we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post these changes on this site so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
In Summary
Here at Palm Construction School we are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect on this site to make online shopping and registration with Palm Construction School possible. This information shall not be sold, traded, or rented to any outside parties for any reason.
View Cart
Checkout
Continue Shopping