https://www.salestraining.co.uk/privacy/
Privacy Policy This website is operated by The Sales Training Consultancy which is owned by Management Training & Development Limited – company registration number: 04345673We take your privacy very seriously and we ask that you read this privacy policy carefully as it contains important information on: a. the personal information we collect about you b. what we do with your information, and c. who your information might be shared with.Who we are Management Training & Development Limited (‘we’ or ‘us’) are a ‘data controller’ for the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998, (i.e we are responsible for, and control the processing of, your personal information).We aim to comply with GDPR regulations coming into force on 25 May and from that date will only add you to our mailing list if you have given us permissions to do so. You will always have the option to opt-out of any communications with us, by either writing to or emailing us, or by unsubscribing from our lists using the “unsubscribe” button at the bottom.What information we collect? Personal information provided by you We collect personal information about you (such as your name, address, email address and telephone number) when you download our free reports, courses, sign up to the blog or when you purchase products or services from us. We also collect personal information when you contact us, send us feedback and complete customer surveys.Personal information provided by third parties Occasionally we may receive information about you from other sources (such as credit reference agencies), which we will add to the information we already hold about you in order to help us improve and personalise our service to you.Personal information about other individuals If you give us information on behalf of someone else, you confirm that the other person has appointed you to act on his/her behalf and has agreed that you can:a. give consent on his/her behalf to the processing of his/her personal data; b. receive on his/her behalf any data protection notices; and c. give consent to the transfer of his/her personal data abroad.Monitoring and recording communications We may monitor and record communications with you (such as telephone conversations and emails) for the purpose of quality assurance, training, fraud prevention and compliance.Use of cookies A cookie is a small text file which is placed onto your computer (or other electronic device) when you use our website. We use cookies and other similar tracking technologies such as Google Analytics on our website.For example, we may monitor how many times you visit the website, which pages you go to, traffic data, location data and the originating domain name of a user’s internet service provider. This information helps us to build a profile of our users. Some of this data will be aggregated or statistical, which means that we will not be able to identify you individually.You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the websites below tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, some of our website features may not function as a result. For further information on our use of cookies, please see our Website cookie policy.For further information on cookies generally visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.How will we use the information about you? We collect information about you so that we can: a. identify you and manage any accounts you hold with us; b. process your order; c. conduct research, statistical analysis and behavioural analysis; d. carry out customer profiling and analyse your purchasing preferences; e. if you agree, let you know about other products or services that may be of interest to you; f. detect and prevent fraud; g. customise our website and its content to your particular preferences; h. notify you of any changes to our website or to our services that may affect you; i.carry out security vetting; and j. improve our services.Marketing We would like to send you weekly tips, interesting content and occasional offers which may be of interest to you.We will only ask whether you would like us to send you this information when you first sign up for any free material, free courses, reports, whitepapers or to our blog. There will be a box upon sign up that you need to tick to give us permission. If you do not wish to receive this information from us then you should not click the box at all.If you have consented to receive marketing from us you can opt out at any time. See ‘What rights do you have?’ below for further information.Who your information might be shared with We may disclose your personal data to: a. other companies within our group; b. law enforcement agencies in connection with any investigation to help prevent unlawful activity; and c. our business partners in accordance with the ‘Marketing and opting out’ section above.Keeping your data secure We will use technical and organisational measures to safeguard your personal data, for example: a. access to your account is controlled by a password and user name that are unique to you; b. we store your personal data on secure servers; and c. payment details are encrypted using SSL technology (typically you will see a lock icon or green address bar (or both) in your browser when we use this technology).While we will use all reasonable efforts to safeguard your personal data, you acknowledge that the use of the internet is not entirely secure and for this reason we cannot guarantee the security or integrity of any personal data that are transferred from you or to you via the internet. If you have any particular concerns about your information, please contact us (see ‘How can you contact us?’ below).What can I do to keep my information safe? If you want detailed information from Get Safe Online on how to protect your information and your computers and devices against fraud, identity theft, viruses and many other online problems, please visit www.getsafeonline.org. Get Safe Online is supported by HM Government and leading businesses.What rights do you have?
Right to request a copy of your information You can request a copy of your information which we hold (this is known as a subject access request). If you would like a copy of some or it, please: a. email, call or write to us (see ‘How can you contact us?’ below) b. let us have proof of your identity and address (a copy of your driving licence or passport and a recent utility or credit card bill), and c. let us know the information you want a copy of, including any account or reference numbers, if you have them.Right to correct any mistakes in your information You can require us to correct any mistakes in your information which we hold free of charge. If you would like to do this, please: a. email, call or write to us (see ‘How can you contact us?’ below) b. let us have enough information to identify you (e.g account number, user name, registration details), and c. let us know the information that is incorrect and what it should be replaced with.Right to ask us to stop contacting you with direct marketing You can ask us to stop contacting you for direct marketing purposes. If you would like to do this, please: a. Email or write to us (see ‘How can you contact us?’ below). It may take up to 14 working days for this to take place b. let us have proof of your identity and address (a copy of your driving licence or passport and a recent utility or credit card bill), and c. let us know what method of contact you are not happy with if you are unhappy with certain ways of contacting you only (for example, you may be happy for us to contact you by email but not by telephone).How to contact us Please contact us if you have any questions about this privacy policy or the information we hold about you.If you wish to contact us, please send an email to sales@salestraining.co.uk or write to us at 5 Orchard Court, Coventry, CV3 2TQ or call us on 02476 992 486.Changes to the privacy policy We may change this privacy policy from time to time. You should check this policy occasionally to ensure you are aware of the most recent version that will apply each time you access this website. HomeAbout STCSales BlogSales Training CoursesIn-House Sales TrainingLIVE WebinarsOur ClientsCase StudiesContact Us