http://www.brownlee.com/resources/termsofuse
Navigation
Home
PRODUCTS
LED Indoor
View All
Flush
Semi-Flush
Pendant
Sconce
Bath/Vanity
LED Outdoor
View All
Wall
Ceiling
Full Cutoff
Flood
Post
Conduit Entry
Certification
ENERGY STAR®
Title 24/JA8 Compliant
Buy American Compliant
ADA Compliant
IDA - Dark Sky Approved
Turtle Friendly
Options + Controls
Bi-Level Dimming (High/Low)
Occupancy Sensor
0-10V Dimming
Triac Dimming
90 CRI
Photo Control
Battery Backup (>50°F)
Battery Backup Cold (>-4°F)
Diffuser
Fabric
Acrylic
Polycarbonate
Glass
Acoustic
Location Rating
Wet
Damp
Dry
Fluorescent
View All
Updates
RESOURCES
Photometrics + Revit
LED Data
Fluorescent Data
Dimming Compatibility
ENERGY STAR® Qualified
Bi-Level Dimming (High/Low)
Finishes
Diffusers + Fabric
Terms & Conditions
Warranty
GALLERY
ABOUT US
Mission Statement
Brownlee Story
Careers
Contact Us
Rep Locator
Rep Login
TERMS OF USE
1. Any and all content including, without limitation, code, Shockwave files, text, graphics, photographs, titles, sound recordings and software contained in any files or materials comprising WWW.BROWNLEE.COM are, as between you and
WWW.BROWNLEE.COM, the sole and exclusive property of WWW.BROWNLEE.COM. This includes all content, whether initially transmitted as part of the WWW.BROWNLEE.COM service or transmitted by any subscriber, user, or other individual. WWW.BROWNLEE.COM's rights in all content as set forth above include the rights in all underlying intellectual property such as copyrights, trademarks and designs.
2. Since all content, by virtue of Paragraph 1 above and without regard to its source, is the sole and exclusive property of WWW.BROWNLEE.COM, you agree such content may not be retransmitted, downloaded, reproduced, broadcast or displayed without Brownlee Lighting's prior written consent. Under no circumstances can you use any content for any commercial or promotional purpose.
3. Since all content, by virtue of Paragraph 1 above and without regard to its source, is the sole and exclusive property of WWW.BROWNLEE.COM, you agree any and all messages, comments or other contributions made by any subscriber, user or other individual having access to WWW.BROWNLEE.COM are the sole and exclusive property of WWW.BROWNLEE.COM. This includes any messages, comments or contributions contained in any Chat Room, Message Board or other location and any messages, comments or contributions contained in any e-mail. You further agree that, since all messages, comments or contributions are the sole property of WWW.BROWNLEE.COM, WWW.BROWNLEE.COM may use or reproduce any such messages, comments or contributions, including for promotional or commercial purposes.
4. Under no circumstances does your use of
WWW.BROWNLEE.COM form any relationship, whether implied or express, with WWW.BROWNLEE.COM. WWW.BROWNLEE.COM hereby disclaims any such relationship and any liability arising as a result of its use of any content, including messages, comments or contributions, contained on WWW.BROWNLEE.COM.
LINKED SITES
WWW.BROWNLEE.COM is not responsible for the content of any site that is linked to us whether or not we are affiliated with the operator or owner of such site. Any links from our site to any other sites are for your convenience only.
No license is implied and none should be inferred to link to this site using any framing technology or to link to any page on this site other than the home page, and we reserve all of our rights under the law to insist that any link to this site be discontinued.
PRIVACY POLICY
It is Brownlee Lighting's policy to respect and protect the privacy of visitors to Brownlee Lighting's website. Accordingly, Brownlee Lighting DOES NOT extract without permission personal information about its visitors or their computer at any time while on Brownlee Lighting's website. Brownlee Lighting will, however, analyze information about our visitors as a group to make our website better, but visitors are not individually identified when we do this.
Brownlee Lighting will collect personal information such as names, home addresses, e-mail addresses, age, etc., but only when a visitor voluntarily gives it to us in the process of ordering subscriptions to the Brownlee Lighting newsletters or registering with the Brownlee Lighting website. This information is used internally by Brownlee Lighting to fulfill your requests and for marketing and research purposes. Brownlee Lighting will NOT sell, rent or give a visitor's personal information to any third party unless Brownlee Lighting asks for and receives the visitor's permission at the time the personal information is collected. Brownlee Lighting does however, share aggregate information about the users of Brownlee Lighting's website with our advertisers, business partners, sponsors and certain others. As mentioned above, this aggregate information is used to develop, improve and customize Brownlee Lighting's website to better serve visitors to our website. Where www.brownlee.com's information collection activities involve children, www.brownlee.com provides special privacy protections.
Brownlee Lighting is committed to protecting the online privacy of children. In accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"), Brownlee Lighting will not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (13) without first obtaining parental consent. Prior to providing any personally identifiable information (your name, email address, address, phone number etc.), either by placing an order for merchandise, setting up a www.brownlee.com account, or participating in any other activity offered through the www.brownlee.com site, children under the age of thirteen (13) must have a parent or legal guardian complete and return (by mail or fax) a Parental Consent Form to www.brownlee.com - Brownlee Lighting ., 4600 Dardanelle Drive, Orlando, FL 32808; or by fax to: 800.662.6768. The consent form states that the child's "Parent" or "Legal Guardian", by his or her signature, consents to the collection and transfer of the child's personally identifiable information. Consent may be revoked by completing a "Brownlee Lighting Revocation of Parental Consent Form" and sending it to the address or fax number above.
In compliance with COPPA, Brownlee Lighting is sensitive about children consulting with parents or guardians before furnishing personal information or ordering anything online. It's also Brownlee Lighting's intention to adhere to the Children's Advertising Review Unit (CARU) Guidelines on Internet advertising with its special sensitivities regarding solicitations to children under thirteen (13). Brownlee Lighting encourages parents/guardians to supervise and join their children in exploring cyberspace. Brownlee Lighting is proud of its website and believes that it is suitable for Brownlee Lighting fans of all ages.
Please note that if a parent does not permit www.brownlee.com's use or collection of personally identifiable information or has instructed Brownlee Lighting to delete personally identifiable information, a child's participation in those www.brownlee.com activities for which the personally identifiable information has been requested may not be possible.
Brownlee Lighting will not disclose information collected from children under the age of thirteen (13) (or from adults for that matter) to third parties unless indicated otherwise or in special cases where Brownlee Lighting has reason to believe that disclosure is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference (whether intentionally or unintentionally) with Brownlee Lighting's rights or property or anyone else who may be harmed by such actions or if required by law.
Brownlee Lighting recommends that parents/guardians monitor and supervise the online activities of their children and to consider using available parental control tools which can prevent children from disclosing their name, address, and other personal information without parental permission. Visitors to Brownlee Lighting's website who are under thirteen (13) years old should not be submitting any personal information like their name, address, e-mail address, phone number etc. without a parent's or guardian's permission.
CORRESPONDENCE & WEEKLY NEWSLETTERS
Brownlee Lighting uses automated e-mail systems to e-mail weekly newsletters and to collect and answer correspondence from our visitors. While Brownlee Lighting may not have the time or manpower to individually answer each piece of correspondence, we do read all of them!
Brownlee Lighting tries to make it easy for visitors to contact www.brownlee.com and we provide easy instructions on our website on how you can either edit information previously given (such as your address) or remove yourself from automated messages generated by Brownlee Lighting. Should you have a technical problem doing this please contact info@brownlee.com
COOKIES
Brownlee Lighting uses "cookie" technology to enhance a visitor's online experience by making it easier to navigate through our website or to make an activity work better.
Cookies are small pieces of information or files that a website puts on a computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies allow a computer to "remember" information from our website for future use. The use of cookies is an industry standard and is practiced by most major websites.
Brownlee Lighting DOES NOT use cookies to collect or record personally identifiable information about visitors to www.brownlee.com. Brownlee Lighting uses information collected by cookies to learn about our visitors' preferences, so that we can make our website better. The information is about our visitors as a whole, not about individuals.
REQUESTS FOR FEEDBACK
www.brownlee.com may request feedback from visitors regarding an activity or piece of content on the www.brownlee.com website. Feedback is used for internal purposes only, and any personally identifiable information that is accidentally submitted is deleted.
ADVERTISEMENTS AND LINKS
www.Brownlee.com may include advertisements and/or links to websites operated by third parties that are not sponsors and are not affiliated with Brownlee Lighting. Brownlee Lighting tries to make sure that when there are links off the Brownlee Lighting website, they are working and lead visitors to interesting, fun and informative areas. However, it is hard to guarantee what exactly is presented on other sites or where links elsewhere may lead. Brownlee Lighting is not responsible for the content, practices, or information provided or requested on websites operated by third parties. Further, advertisements on and links to or from www.brownlee.com do not constitute sponsorship, endorsement, or approval by Brownlee Lighting of the content, policies, practices or products or services offered on these websites. www.Brownlee.com will always mark advertisements as advertisements and will display and notify visitors when they are leaving www.Brownlee.com.
Parents/guardians should check each website's privacy policy and terms of use in order to understand their policies and practices regarding the collection and use of personally identifiable information. Brownlee Lighting also suggests that parents/guardians review the privacy policies of all websites that their children visit, including those websites linking to or from the Brownlee Lighting websites. Information provided to those websites will be subject to the privacy policy posted at that website.
SECURITY
The importance of security for all personally identifiable information associated with www.brownlee.com visitors is of utmost concern to us. Brownlee Lighting exercises great care and implements a variety of technologies to make the Brownlee Lighting website as secure as possible against unauthorized access and to protect the information visitors choose to provide to us. Brownlee Lighting periodically reviews and updates these measures. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be one hundred percent (100%) secure. As a result, while Brownlee Lighting strives to protect a visitor's personal information, Brownlee Lighting can not ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us or from our online products or services, and a visitor does so at his/her own risk. Brownlee Lighting uses the industry standard, SSL (secure socket layer) encryption when credit card information is transmitted to us.
REVIEW AND DELETION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may review and delete your personally identifiable information contained in Brownlee Lighting's records at any time. If you would like to review or delete this information, please contact us at:
Brownlee Lighting
4600 Dardanelle Drive
Orlando, FL USA 32808-3832
Toll free: 800.318.6768
QUESTIONS, SUGGESTIONS & COMMENTS
Please contact us at info@Brownlee.com or write to us at: Business & Legal Affairs, Brownlee Lighting, 4600 Dardanelle Drive, Orlando, FL USA 32808-3832 with any questions regarding Brownlee Lighting's privacy policy.
KIDS: Never provide any information about yourself on the Internet without your parent's/guardian's permission. Please read Brownlee Lighting's Parental Consent Policy (see below) with your parent's/guardian's before you go any further. Brownlee Lighting requires your parents'/guardian's written permission for children under thirteen (13) to provide us with certain information required to get the Brownlee Lighting Newsletter, order subscriptions or enter certain clubs etc. on the Brownlee Lighting websites.
PARENTAL CONSENT POLICY
Brownlee Lighting is committed to protecting the online privacy of children. In accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, Brownlee Lighting will not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (13) without first obtaining parental consent.
STAY UP TO DATE
PRODUCT LAUNCH EMAIL CAMPAIGN
SUBSCRIBE
Thank you!
You have been added to our mailing list!
Products
View All
Flush
Semi-Flush
Pendant
Sconce
Bath/Vanity
Outdoor
Resources
Photometrics + Revit
LED Data
Bi-Level Dimming
Finishes
ENERGY STAR®
About Us
About Us
Rep Locator
Terms & Conditions
Warranty
Terms of Use
Get in Touch
4600 Dardanelle Drive
Orlando, FL 32808-3832
Call us at (800) 318-6768
Copyright © 1977 - 2020 Brownlee Lighting. All Rights Reserved.
SEARCH
Use the search box to find the model you want.
SEARCH
Hurricane Update
Close
</html