http://www.maxim-pr.co.uk/cookie-policy
back to top
home
services
about
clients
portfolio
news
testimonials
maxim+
contact
Menu
+44 (0) 1892 513033
home
services
about
clients
portfolio
news
testimonials
maxim+
contact
Cookie PolicyWhat are cookies?
Cookies are text files placed on the computer or other device that you use to access a website and are widely used in order to make websites work or work more efficiently and to provide information to the operator of the website.
By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of all of the cookies detailed below.  (Please refer to “How to Control Cookies” below if you wish to browse the site without non-functional cookies.)
What cookies are used on this site?
The cookies we use are divided into four categories:
1. Necessary Cookies
These cookies are required for the operation of the site and to enable you to move around the site and use its features, such as accessing secure areas or submitting information to us through our "Get in touch" facility on the website.
2. Performance/Analytical Cookies
These cookies collect information (including the IP address of the computer or device used to access the site) about how visitors use the site, for example, the pages that are visited most often, where visitors have come from and the pages they have visited.  The information is used to improve the way the website works.  We sometimes use third parties to perform these services for us and when this is the case, the cookies may be set by the third party.
This site uses Google Analytics™ which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solutions on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content. For more information on Google Analytics™, please see the Google Privacy Policy here.
3. Functionality Cookies
These cookies recognise you when you return to the site.  This enables us to remember your preferences (for example, language and other settings) and improve your user experience.  These cookies do not collect information that identifies individual users.
4. Targeting/Advertising Cookies
These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign.
We use certain third party products in order to provide these services including Google Analytics™, Google Adwords™ and Google DoubleClick™. These services set third party cookies which allow us to show you tailored ads for our services when you browse on certain other sites that have the Google Display Network implemented.  When showing you tailored ads through our use of these, we will not associate a cookie or anonymous identifier with sensitive categories, such as those based on race, religion, sexual orientation or health.  We may however combine the information gathered by these cookies with other personally identifiable information on our own database or from another Google service.
For more information on Google Analytics™ Google Adwords™ and Google DoubleClick™, including how to manage the Google ads that you see, please see the Google Privacy Policy here.
Please Note:  If you continue to use this site without changing your browser settings (see ‘How to Control Cookies’ below), we will assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on this site
How to Control Cookies
The Help menu of most web browsers will tell you how to control cookies – for example, how to refuse cookies and how to delete cookies that have already been set.
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org or www.aboutcookies.org.
Please Note: restricting cookies will impact your use and/or the functionality of the site.
Except where stated or where the context requires otherwise, references in this cookie policy to “us” or “we” are to be taken as references to Maxim PR & Marketing.
we'd love to work with you
get in touch
about us
Formed in 1995, Maxim is one of the South East’s leading PR and marketing agencies, bringing
together former journalists and highly experienced communications experts.
learn more
our services
We offer media relations, public affairs, community relations, corporate communications,
reputation management, event management, public relations, stakeholder management, marketing
and more.
learn more
connect with us
One of the best ways to get to know Maxim and the work we do is to connect with us on your
preferred social media platform. Got a question? Ask away.
©
2020 Maxim PR & Marketing Ltd. Maxim PR & Marketing Ltd is registered in England at 6 Kings Row, Armstrong Road, Maidstone, Kent, ME15 6AQ. Company Reg No: 3862042
Maxim, Grosvenor Lodge, 72 Grosvenor Rd, Tunbridge Wells, Kent TN1 2AS. tel: 01892 513 033 email: hello@maxim-pr.co.ukwebsite design and hosting by ifour
Privacy policy | Cookie policy
tendentious-parliamentary