http://www.greatsouthernbank.com/about/online-privacy-notice
Personal
Business
Investments
About
About Great Southern
Contact Us
Locations
Careers
Routing Number
Community Matters
Investor Relations
Holiday Hours
Home
/
About
Great Southern Bank Online Privacy Notice
Date of most recent update: April 4, 2019
Introduction and scope of notice
This Great Southern Bank Online Privacy Notice (“Notice”) applies to your interaction with Great Southern Bancorp Inc. (collectively, “Great Southern Bank,” “we,” “us,” “our”) at any online or mobile site or application that we own and control (“Site”), unless a different online and/or mobile notice is posted at a particular site, or is made available to you and by its terms supplants this Notice. Other privacy notices may also apply in addition to the terms of this Notice, including the Great Southern Bank Privacy Notice, which also applies to our customers and consumers as described in that notice. This Notice also explains certain data use and data protection functionalities and practices of our online ads, such as banner ads, on third party sites. Please note that where we have another type of presence on a site owned by a third party, such as a page or handle on a social media site, that third party’s privacy notice and terms of use, rather than this Notice, will govern, unless specifically stated otherwise.
Agreement to Notice
By using a Site or interacting with a Great Southern Bank advertisement or page or account on a third party site, you consent to this Notice, including your consent to our use and disclosure of information about you in the manner described in this Notice.
Gathering, using, and sharing information
Types of information
You may interact with us in a variety of ways online, including through a mobile device. We may offer sites or applications that permit browsing and do not require registration. We may also offer the ability to enroll, register or access your accounts online. Information that we may collect about you through online interaction includes information that you input, such as your name, address, email address, other contact information; data resulting from your activity, such as transaction information; and location information. We may also gather additional information, such as the type of device and browser you are using, the IP address of your device, information about your device’s operating system, and additional information associated with your device. We may also gather information collected through cookies, tags, and other technologies, as described further below.
About “cookies” and third party sites
Cookies are pieces of data stored on your device. Browser cookies are assigned by a web server to the browser on your device. When you return to a site you have visited before, your browser gives this data back to the server. Mobile applications may also use cookies.
Advertising and online tracking
We use cookies and information gathered through their use to make your experience with Great Southern Bank and certain other sites richer and more personalized based on the products, services, or other interactions you have with us and other sites. Information gathered through use of cookies may be used to make offers to you via online ads, email, U.S. mail, or telephone, subject to the privacy preferences you have on file with Great Southern Bank. We also use cookies, sometimes in conjunction with service providers, in online advertising either on our own Site or on third party sites to help determine which of our advertisements are most likely to appeal to you. Information that we collect about you from one particular browser or device may be used to provide advertising or collect information on another browser or device.  It may also be transferred to a third party for advertising or information collection on behalf of Great Southern Bank.
Other parties that may collect information about your web browsing behavior when you use our Site are generally limited to service providers who may only use any information collected to provide services and marketing for us and not to provide services or advertising for any other party. Note, however, that we also provide certain widgets or tools on our sites, such as tools that allow web surfers to easily share information on another platform, such as a social media platform.
At other times, information from a third party may be embedded on our site, such as a map or information streaming from another site, including communications streaming from a third party social media platform. These widgets, tools, and informational items often function through the use of third party cookies utilized by the third party site, such as the social media platform. As a result, these third parties may have access to information about your web browsing on the pages of our Site where these widgets, tools, or information are placed. You may wish to review information at third party sites, such as social media platforms where you have an account, to determine how these third parties treat data that they obtain through the use of cookies.
Do you have to accept cookies?
You may be able to set your browser to reject browser cookies. The latest versions of internet browsers provide cookie management tools, such as the ability to delete or reject cookies. We recommend that you refer to information supplied by browser providers for more specific information, including how to use these tools. However, rejecting or removing cookies could affect the certain features or services of our Sites.
Please note that your choice to opt out on a particular browser or device will apply only to the collection and use of information from that particular browser or device.  Opting out on a particular device will not opt you out of information collection on other devices, nor will it limit cross device sharing on those other devices.
Additional technologies
We may also use additional technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons, and clear GIFs, and may permit our third party service providers to use these technologies. We use these technologies for purposes such as measuring the effectiveness of our advertisements or other communications, determining viewing and response rates, and determining which offers to present to you on our own or on third party sites.
Using information
In addition to the uses described above, we use information for purposes as allowed by law such as:
Servicing
Communicating with you
Improving our Site, products, or services
Legal compliance
Risk control
Information security
Anti-fraud purposes
Marketing or personalizing the presentation of our products and services to you
Maintaining continuity during an online session
Monitoring online promotions
Tracking website usage (such as number of hits, pages visited, and the length of user sessions in order to evaluate the usefulness of our sites)
Sharing
We may share information with service providers with whom we work, such as data processors and companies that help us market products and services to you. When permitted or required by law, we may share information with additional third parties for purposes including response to legal process. As applicable, please see the additional privacy notices referenced above, such as the Great Southern Bank Consumer Privacy, for more information on how we may share information with third parties.
Linking to other sites
We may provide links to third party sites, such as credit card companies, service providers, or merchants. If you follow links to sites not affiliated or controlled by Great Southern Bank, you should review their privacy and security notices and other terms and conditions, as they may be different from those of our Sites. Great Southern Bank does not guarantee and is not responsible for the privacy or security of these sites, including the accuracy, completeness, or reliability of their information.
Using other aggregation websites
Other companies offer aggregation websites and services that allow you to consolidate your financial account information from different sources (such as your accounts with us or with other financial institutions) so that you can view all your account information at one online location. To do this, an aggregation provider may request access to Personal Information, such as financial information, usernames and passwords. You should use caution and ensure that the aggregation company has appropriate notices and practices to protect the privacy and security of any information you provide or to which they are gaining access. We are not responsible for the use or disclosure of any Personal Information accessed by any company or person to whom you provide your Site username and password.
If you provide your Site username, password or other information about your accounts with us to an aggregation website, we will consider that you have authorized all transactions or actions initiated by an aggregation website using access information you provide, whether or not you were aware of a specific transaction or action.  If you decide to revoke the authority you have given to an aggregation website, we strongly recommend that you change your password for the Site to ensure that the aggregation website cannot continue to access your account.
Opting out of direct marketing
If you prefer we not deliver you marketing offers in email, postal mail or through telemarketing you may manage your direct marketing by using the opt-out links in our marketing emails, by telephone at (800) 794-7113, through your assigned account representative (e.g., Residential Lender) or a representative at any Great Southern Bank banking center.
Please note that if you choose to opt out, we will still send you email or direct mail relating to specific products or services that you purchase, or that we believe is pertinent to any communication that you have sent to us or relationship that you may have with us.
Children’s privacy
From our web pages, we do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under the age of 13 without obtaining verifiable consent from their parents.  We request that such individuals do not provide personal information through the services.
For more information about the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), visit the FTC website: www.ftc.gov.
Notice updates and effective date
If we make updates to this Notice, we will update the Notice with the changes and revise the “date of most recent update” posted at the top of this Notice. Any updates to the Notice become effective when we post the updates on the Site. Your use of the Site following the update to the Notice means that you accept the updated Notice.
Customer Service
(800) 749-7113 Monday-Friday: 8:00 a.m. - 7:00 p.m. CT Saturday: 8:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m. CT Sunday: 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. CT
Checking sized for you.
Find the checking account that fits your needs, from individual and small business accounts to corporate checking with analysis.
Learn More
Save securely with CDs & IRAs.
Keep your money future-focused and secure with a guaranteed return. Choose from a variety of terms and tax-deductible options.
Learn More