http://www.burgonandball.com/pages/privacy-policy
My Barrow
Your barrow is empty
"Close Barrow"
Search
Log in
Trade Site
Tools
See More
"Close Barrow"
Long Handled Tools
Hand Tools
Cutting Tools
Accessories
See More
"Close Barrow"
Garden Accessories
Garden Wear
Homeware
Outdoor Lifestyle
Gifts
See More
"Close Barrow"
By Category
By Recipient
By Price
Collections
See More
"Close Barrow"
Brie Harrison for Burgon & Ball
Bucket ina Bag™
Buzz & Dotty
Children's Tools
Corona Tools
Creaturewares
Dig the Glove
Enamelwares
Essential Tools
Express Hoe
FloraBrite®
Grow & Gather
Hard To Find
Hip-Trug®
Houseplant Care Tools
Indoor Plant Pots & Vases
Kneelo®
Love the Glove
Mega Leaf & Dirt Collector
Miracle Brushes
National Trust
National Trust 'Get Me Gardening' kids' tools
Pet Care
Poc-kit®
Razor Hoe
RHS Container Gardening
RHS Endorsed Tools
RHS Gifts for Gardeners
RHS Wood Cutting Tools
Sophie Conran for Burgon & Ball
Super Slice
Tool Maintenance & Sharpeners
Tool Rack
Topiary Care
Tough Tools
Verti-plant®
Watering Cans
Weed Slice
Wonder Weed Puller
Agriculture
See More
"Close Barrow"
Sheep Shearing
Hoof Care
Agricultural Hardware
Journal
Our Story
Contact
Stockists
Delivery
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
FAQs
Press Area
Links & Partners
Need Help? Call Us
WELCOME TO THE TRADE SECTION OF OUR WEBSITE
Login
Sign In
Forgotten your Password?
Please read through our Terms and Conditions
Home
›
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
1. About this policy
The website http://www.burgonandball.com (“the Site”) is owned and operated by Burgon & Ball Limited, company number 2074260. This Privacy Statement sets out the basis on which personal data we collect from you will be used. Please read through this policy carefully to understand how we will treat your data. By providing us with your information you agree that we may use your information in the ways set out in this Privacy Statement. We may amend and update this privacy notice from time to time and new versions will be posted on our website http://www.burgonandball.com.
2. What information do we collect about you?When you visit our Site, we may collect and process the following information (“your information”) about you:
information that you provide by filling in a form on the Site, such as your name, postal address, email address and telephone number. For example, you may be required to provide this information when you place an order for goods on this Site, or enter a competition;
information concerning your visit to our Site such as traffic data, location data, and other communication data;
information about your computer, including your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to enable us to identify trends. This is statistical data and does not identify any individual;
any correspondence you send to us (whether by email or post or otherwise);
details of transactions you carry out or orders you place through our site.
We do not store or retain credit card information.
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We are aware that your information may be confidential and we will protect the confidentiality of your information in accordance with our normal procedures and legal requirements.
3. How will we use your information?We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully and in accordance with current data protection legislation. We may use the information we hold about you:
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us. This is our 'legitimate interest', and we will need to process your data to enter into a contract with you, or to send you the email newsletter you have requested;
to customise the website according to your interests and to ensure the Site’s content is presented as effectively as possible for you;
for our internal purposes such as quality control, site performance, system administration, internal record keeping and to evaluate use of the Site, so that we can provide you with enhanced services;
to notify you about changes to our services;
to provide you with information, products or services which we feel may interest you, if you have agreed to receive such marketing information;
to create reports to assist with future marketing;
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts we enter into with you and for billing and delivery purposes. For example, if you have placed an order for goods via our Site, we will retain and use your personal information for the purpose of administering and fulfilling that sale of goods;
as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
if you complete any surveys, we may use that information for research purposes; and
to enable you to participate in interactive features of our site, when you choose to do so.
Please also note that our Site will retain any data that you provide on this website, even if you go not complete your registration/transaction by clicking submit/next. Such contact details and data may be used to contact you to with regard to completing your registration/transaction.
4. Cookies on the SiteOur Site uses “cookies” to collect the information referred to and track your use of our Site.
What are cookies? A cookie is a data file, which often includes a unique identifier, that is sent to your browser (if your browser preferences allow it) which is then stored on the hard drive of the device you are using to browse the website. Cookies are an extremely common technology for remembering certain information about a visitor to a website. We use cookies for the following purposes:
as necessary for website operation; for example to enable you to login to secure areas of our website and use a shopping cart;
to analyse the use of our website by, for example, recognising and counting the number of visitors and how they move around our website. This helps us to see what parts of the site are popular and which sections need improving to make the experience better for users;
to recognise you when you return to our website so that content can be personalised for you, for example, by greeting you by name and remembering your preferences; and
to record your visit to our website and the pages you have visited and links you have followed. We will use this to make our website more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
Please note that we do not control the dissemination of cookies set by third parties and you should check the relevant third party website for more information about these.
How to control and delete cookies If you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are set on this website (or, indeed, on any other website) you can do this through your browser settings. The “Help” function within your browser should tell you how. Alternatively, you may wish to visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers. You will also find details on how to delete cookies from your computer, as well as more general information about cookies. Please be aware that restricting cookies may mean that you will not be able to take full advantage of all the features or services available on this website.
5. Sharing ToolsWe would like to draw your attention to the fact that this website now carries embedded “share” buttons to enable users to easily share articles with their contacts through a number of popular social networking sites. Those sites may set a cookie when you are also logged in to their service. We do not control the dissemination of these cookies and you should check the relevant third party website for more information about these.
6. Contributions to the site
Portions of this site may allow users to post their own material. Where you are invited to submit any contribution to the Site (including any text, photographs, graphics, video or audio) you agree, by submitting your contribution, to grant the Company a perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive, sub-licensable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, play, make available to the public, and exercise all copyright and publicity rights with respect to your contribution worldwide and/or to incorporate your contribution in other works in any media now known or later developed for the full term of any rights that may exist in your contribution, and in accordance with privacy restrictions set out in the Company’s Privacy Policy. If you do not want to grant to the Company the rights set out above, please do not submit your contribution to the Site.
By submitting any contribution to the Site, you warrant that your contribution:
is your own original work and that you have the right to make it available to the Company for all the purposes specified above;
is not obscene, threatening or defamatory;
is not technically harmful; and
does not infringe any law.
The Company reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to review, edit or delete any material posted by users, and expressly disclaims any responsibility or liability for any material communicated by third parties through this web site.
7. MarketingIf you are an existing customer, we may contact you by email with information about products and services which are similar to those we previously provided to you, unless you have indicated that you do not wish to hear from us. If you are a new customer or contact, we may contact you by email only if you give you explicit consent. For example, you can do this by ticking the 'Receive our monthly email newsletter' opt-in box on our website's checkout, or a similar opt-in box on another website. You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing at any time by emailing our PR & Communications Manager at alison.edwards@burgonandball.com. You can also unsubscribe from our marketing emails using the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email.
We do not share your personal information with other organisations for marketing purposes.
8. Where do we transfer your information to?We may transfer your information to, or store it, outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”) to countries which do not have as developed data protection laws. It may also be processed by staff at our affiliates, suppliers, agents or appointed representatives internationally. Such staff may be involved in the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details, or the provision of support services, amongst other functions. Please do not send us your information if you do not want it to be transferred to or stored outside the EEA. By providing your information to us you agree and consent to us transferring to, and storing your information at, a destination outside the EEA.
9. Who do we share your information with?We may share your information with selected third parties including:
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our Website.
Credit reference agencies for the purpose of assessing your credit score where this is a condition of us entering into a contract with you.
In addition, we may distribute your personal information to any third parties if:
we have your permission;
the third party helps us to provide our products or services to you, for example the delivery of parcels;
we are required to do so by law or to enforce our terms of use, rights or property or the rights or property of any third party. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction; or
in connection with the sale of a business or its assets.
10. How do we keep your information secure?All your information is stored on secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. If you have a username, password or other login details which enable you to access certain parts of our site, you must not allow any other person to use them and must treat them as confidential. If you believe or suspect that someone else knows your login details you must contact us at enquiries@burgonandball.com as soon as possible. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will apply our normal procedures and comply with legal requirements to protect your information, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted to our site and any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Our site may from time to time contain links to and from other websites. If you follow a link to any of those sites, please note that those sites ought to have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for those sites or for their privacy policies. Please check those privacy policies before you submit your information to those sites.
11. How to contact usQuestions, comments or requests concerning this privacy policy should be addressed to Alison Edwards, PR & Communications Manager, at alison.edwards@burgonandball.com.
You have the right to request access to your data; rectification or erasure of personal data; restriction of processing of your data; or to object to our processing of your data. Requests to provide you with the personal information we hold about you should be sent to Alison Edwards, PR & Communications Manager at alison.edwards@burgonandball.com.
If you have a complaint about how your personal data is processed, please contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (ico.org.uk) or call 0303 123 1113.
Updated March 2019
Are you a green-fingered gardener? Sign up for the latest tips and news.