https://www.superfeet.com/en-us/ccpa-privacy-policy/
Home
CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT (CCPA) PRIVACY POLICY
CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT (CCPA) PRIVACY POLICY
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Privacy Policy
This California Privacy Notice applies to California residents who use the services provided by Superfeet Worldwide, Inc. a company incorporated in the State of Washington in the United States of America and having its registered office at 1820 Scout Place, Ferndale, WA 98248. This California Privacy Notice is intended to supplement the Privacy Policy located here. The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides some California residents (“you” or “your”) with the following rights, including the right to: (i) request information about the personal information we have collected about you; (ii) request information about our sale or disclosure for business purposes of your personal information to third parties; (iii) opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third parties; and (iv) not be discriminated against for exercising any of these rights. To exercise your rights under the CCPA, please submit a request via email to Superfeet Customer Care or our Consumer Data Privacy Rights Form https://www.superfeet.com/data-privacy and submitting to us via email. IF YOU INTEND TO ONLY REQUEST US TO NOT SELL YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT PLEASE USE THIS LINK HERE TO MAKE YOUR REQUEST USING THIS FORM.We will review any request via email or otherwise as provided by us to verify your identity. We reserve the right to additional information to verify your request, such as providing us personal information already maintained by us. We will not use this additional information for anything other than handling your request. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request in certain circumstances on your behalf. Such authorized agent must be registered with the California Secretary of State. We will endeavor to fulfill your request within 45 days of receiving that request. If we require additional time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing through email or such other method we may determine.IMPORTANT NOTICE: As a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to make a request, once a year, for information regarding the disclosure of your personal information to third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes. To make this request, please submit a request via email to Superfeet Customer Care.
CCPA Provides You the Following Privacy Rights
Right to Know What Personal Information we collect (see table below)You have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect, use, disclose and sell. You also have the right to request what personal information we have collected about you, as well as information about our sale or disclosure for business purposes of your personal data to third parties. Once we receive, verify and confirm your consumer request, we will endeavor to disclose to you the information you have requested.
Right to Know How We Use Personal Information we collect (see table below)
Right to Delete Personal Information we collectYou have the right to request the deletion of any of your personal information that we have collected from you and retained. Please note that this is a limited right as we may be able to retain certain personal information subject to an exception under the CCPA or another lawful obligation. Once we receive, verify and confirm your request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
Right to Opt-Out of Sale of Personal Information we collectYou have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third parties. Under the CCPA, “sell” includes the transfer or communication of personal information to another business in such a way that conveys value to the recipient business, even if that value is not monetary. This means that sharing for a number of common business activities may be considered a “sale” under the CCPA, even if there is no exchange of money. If you would like to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third parties, please submit a request via email to Superfeet Customer Care.
We do not knowingly sell the personal information of consumers under the age of 16 without affirmative authorization.
Right to Non-DiscriminationYou have the right to not be discriminated against for exercising any of your rights under the CCPA.
The foregoing rights are explained further in the information below.
What is your Personal Information?For purposes of this California Privacy Notice, “personal information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. Information We CollectCalifornia residents have the right to know the categories of personal information we collect, the purpose for collecting such personal information, and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was shared for a business purpose or sold.
Category of Personal Information
How We Share It
Identifiers (such as name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, cookie information or other similar identifiers)
Personal Information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e) (such as name, physical characteristics or description, address, or telephone number)
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law (such as age, national origin, medical condition, sex, marital status or disability)
Commercial information (such as products or services purchased, obtained or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies)
Internet or other similar network activity (such as browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application or advertisement)
Geolocation data (such as your physical location)
Inferences drawn from other personal information (such as a profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, and attitudes)
For a legitimate consumer business purpose:
Within Superfeet Worldwide, Inc. companies including, its affiliated companies Superfeet Worldwide UK Limited and Superfeet Canada, ULC
With service providers who process personal information on our behalf in order to help us provide our services and sale of Superfeet products
With advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant advertising to you
With public agencies and regulatory authorities in the United States and foreign countries and their subcontractors, for any legally required purpose
With law enforcement agencies, public or regulatory authorities or where such disclosure may be reasonably necessary to comply with any legal obligation, to enforce our rights and to prevent fraud or technical issues with use of the Superfeet websiteSelling: To selected partners to enable them to better tailor offers, promotions and other direct marketing to you through the Superfeet website or other partner websites
Sources for Information We Collect
Sources of Information
Directly from you or persons authorized by you to act on your behalf;
Collected automatically and indirectly from you;
Within Superfeet Worldwide, Inc. companies including, its affiliated companies Superfeet Worldwide UK Limited and Superfeet Canada, ULC;
From service providers that provide services to you on our behalf; and
From third party sources, such as social media platforms when you interact with our social media channels or analytics providers.
Use of Personal Information
Used for Legitimate Business Purposes which Include:
To provide and improve the manner in which we provide our products and services;
To process and assist you with any transactions related to your purchasing of our products and services, including orders for our products at the Superfeet website;
To maintain your Superfeet website account;
To notify you about changes to our services or other updates;
To administer and improve the Superfeet website;
To respond to your inquiries;
For security and fraud prevention;
For marketing and advertising; and
For statistical analysis
©SUPERFEET WORLDWIDE, INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
PRIVACY POLICY | CCPA PRIVACY POLICY | COOKIE POLICY | TERMS OF USE | DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY | RETURNS & REFUNDS | SITEMAP | CONTEST RULES