http://www.sync.com/your-privacy/
Sync for Business
Pricing
Why Sync?
Pricing
Sign in
Sign up free
Protect your ideas, your work - your stuff
We believe that privacy is a fundamental right, and that productivity in the cloud doesn’t have to come at the expense of your security or privacy. It’s why we built Sync.
Only you can access your files
Most cloud storage providers differ from Sync because they can access, scan and read your files. Sync's end-to-end encrypted storage platform and apps ensure that only you can access your data in the cloud. We can’t read your files and no one else can either.
Watch our video (2 minutes)
How Sync protects you
We're committed to protecting your security and privacy in the cloud
100% private cloud
End-to-end encryption protects your confidential data in the cloud from unauthorized access at all times. We can’t read your files and no one else can either.
Your personal data belongs to you
Sync doesn't collect, sell or share your personal data or app usage information to advertisers or third-parties, and we do not claim ownership of your data.
Global data privacy compliance
Sync is safe to use, no matter where your business operates, with USA, EU / UK GDPR, and Canadian compliance built-in, including Canadian data residency.
Automatic backup, sync and restore
Sync backs up your files in realtime, and makes it easy to recover deleted files and previous versions of any file, any time. Never lose a file again.
Enterprise-grade infrastructure
Data is replicated across multiple SSAE 16 type 2 certified datacentre locations with SAS RAID storage, automatic failover and a 99.9% or better uptime SLA.
Account security controls
Two-factor authentication, granular user permissions, remote wipe, custom passwords, expiry dates, notifications and more ensure you're always in control.
Ease of use
If you're familiar with the cloud you'll be right at home with Sync, and if you're just getting started you'll be protecting your data in no time. Sync makes encryption easy, which means that your data is safe, secure and 100% private, simply by using Sync.
Get started
Create a free account (no credit card required) to try Sync out, for as long as you'd like. Upgrade anytime.
Learn more about our plans and pricing
Create a free account right now
Company
About us
Blog
Careers
Security & privacy
Products
Business plan
Features
Pricing
Resellers
Help
Contact us
Help center
Download
Sign in to web
Industry
Legal
Healthcare & HIPAA
Accounting
Canadian cloud storage
Uses
Dropbox alternative
Free cloud storage
Secure file sharing
Email large files
© 2020 Sync.com Inc.
Privacy Policy · Terms of Service · GDPR