http://www.calrest.org/help
Skip to main content
Skip to site navigation
Help
Log in to see your personalized help guide
If you have an account on this website, we recommend you log in to the site at https://www.calrest.org/user and then visit this help page https://www.calrest.org/help to see personalized instructions available to you.
Getting started guide
About this guide
This help file is limited because you are not currently logged in.
These instructions are current as of December 2020.
A current copy is always available at https://www.calrest.org/help.
For questions about this guide, please contact the site administrator through the website feedback form or by phone. Angelica
(800) 765-4842
About you
We have detected that you are using the following browser: Array.
Logging in and managing your account
Logging In
If you already have a website account, go to https://www.calrest.org/user to log in, click the Log in link provided in your secondary menu, or use the log in link that appears in the lower left corner of your screen when you hover there.
If you aren't logged in, you can do so on the screen that appears. If you are already logged in, your Log in link may have changed to Log out, and if you go to https://www.calrest.org/user you will be on the My Account page, where your username and profile information will appear. Tip: You can tell you're logged if the Commands menu appears in the lower left.
If you cannot remember your password, click the Request new password tab and enter your Username or email address to retrieve a new password via e-mail.
Once you are logged in, you may proceed with editing or adding content to the site.
Common login problems
I am getting an 'invalid username/password' error when I try to log in
Try using your username and password.
Click on the "Request new password link" on the login page or visit https://www.calrest.org/user/password
I forgot my password
Click on the "Request new password link" on the login page or visit https://www.calrest.org/user/password
Enter your username or, if you forgot your username, enter your e-mail address.
Click Email new password.
The site will e-mail you a link which will automatically log you in to the site. You will then be able to reset your password.
I'm not getting a registration confirmation e-mail or password reset e-mail
E-mail from the site might be caught in your spam/junk mail box. Please check your spam/junk mail box to see if the e-mail ended up there. If it did, please mark it as not spam so future e-mails will be more likely to come through.
Add the site's email address (membership@calrest.org) to your address book. This will make it more likely for your e-mail system to treat it as legitimate mail if you're having a trouble with it going into the spam folder.
I'm logging in, but nothing happens and I don't get an error message
Do you have special firewall or privacy software which is blocking certain parts of the website?
Are you logging in at https://www.calrest.org/user?
If you try another browser (e.g. Firefox or Chrome) are you able to log in?
If you try another computer, are you able to log in?
Please ensure that cookies are enabled on your browser. Cookies are necessary to safely and reliably store information about your connection to the site as you navigate between pages on the site. Cookies are only used to identify a random session ID, and do not contain personally idenfiable information. Session IDs are not shared with anyone.
Changing your name or password
When logged in, go to the Commands button and choose My account. Click the edit tab; on that screen you can change your user name and/or password. Make your desired changes, scroll down and click Save.
NOTE: the password fields will be blank when you edit your account. That does not mean you need to type your password into the fields unless you want to change it. If you do not type a new password into these fields, your old password will remain active.
Log in
E-mail or username: *
Password: *
Remember me
Request new password
Commands
HelpLog in