http://www.mtxaudio.com/privacyinfo
Privacy Policy
Please fill out the information below to have one of our representatives contact you.
Please Tell Us Your Interest
First Name
Last Name
Company
City
State
Zip Code
Country
Email Address
Phone Number
Best Way to Reach
Email
Phone
Effective March 22, 2016
Thank you for visiting our website and, if applicable, filling out registration information and making a purchase of products and/or services offered through the website (the “Products/Services”). This privacy policy has been established by Mitek Corporation (“Mitek”) and the following entities or brands: Atlas Sound, L.P. (“Atlas”), Innovative Electronic Designs, LLC (“IED”), AtlasIED, MTX, Coustic, Magnum, DCM, Soundolier, ETA Systems, and Xtant (collectively, “we,” “us,” or “our”). Mitek, Atlas, and IED are separate legal entities and nothing in this privacy policy or on the website is meant to suggest or imply any legal relationship between or among these companies.
The purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you regarding how we treat the information you provide to us through our website or third-party sites or platforms. We also want to tell you about the other information that we collect on our website, and how we treat this information. We follow this privacy policy in accordance with local law in the places where we operate.
What Types of Information You Provide Us
Information you provide when you complete a registration or profile, which may include your first name and surname, country of residence, gender, date of birth, email address, username and password
Information you provide us when you purchase something through our website, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card number and security code (although we store only the last four digits of the credit card number and the expiration date and we do not store the security code), and payment information
Information you provide through your usage of our site, such as which pages of our website you view and which Products/Services you purchase
Information you provide in “public forums” on our site, which includes information provided in comment fields about specific images, information in your user profile, or in other fields
Information you provide to us when you use our site, or, if available as an option, link your profile on a third-party site or platform with your registration account
Information given in response to any customer surveys, contests, or promotions in which you choose to participate
Location information when you visit our site, including location information either provided by a mobile device interacting with our website, or associated with your IP address, where we are permitted by law to process this information
Technical data, including your device identifier or IP address, when you visit our website or open emails we send
We consider some, but not all, of the information you provide us to be “your personal information.” We define “your personal information” as information that directly identifies you as a particular individual, which is your first name or first initial and your last name in combination with another data element such as your postal address, your email address, and your telephone number. In the event you disclose any of your personal information in a public forum on our site, the information in that disclosure will be treated as public, we will not take any steps to protect, secure, or delete that disclosure, and you should not have any expectation of privacy or confidentiality with regards to that disclosure.
Our site may provide you with hyperlinks to other sites not owned or controlled by us and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of any site that is not owned or controlled by us. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site or applications and to read the privacy policies of these other sites.
How We Collect Your Information
We collect all of the information you provide to us through the activities described above. Please keep in mind that when you provide information to us via a third-party site or platform, the information you provide may be separately collected by the third-party site or platform. The privacy choices you made with the third-party site or platform will not apply to our use of the information we have collected. The information we collect is covered by this privacy policy only.
We collect information through technology, such as cookies, Flash cookies and Web beacons, including when you visit our site.
We acquire information from other sources to update or supplement the information you provided or we collected automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use your information to:
Provide you with the products and services you request
Communicate with you about your account or transactions
Improve our products, services and operations
Personalize your experience on our site and application
Send you information about new Products/Services features or changes to our policies
Send you offers and promotions for our Products/Services or third-party products and services
Detect, investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal
When We Share Your Information
We may share your personal information with other companies in limited circumstances and only when we have notified you of our intention to share your personal information. We may either notify you of this sharing in this privacy policy or in a separate notice. The instances of when we may share your personal information with other companies (and which you authorize us to share in such instances) include:
When you direct us to share your personal information with third-party sites or platforms
When we identify other companies that offer products or services that we believe will be of interest to our website users, or when we identify companies that can connect our website users to products or services that may be of interest to the users
When we share personal information with third parties in connection with the sale of a business, to enforce our Terms of Use or rules, to ensure the safety and security of our guests and third parties, to protect our rights and property and the rights and property of our guests and third parties, to comply with legal process or in other cases if we believe in good faith that disclosure is required by law
In addition, upon making a purchase through our website, each of our customers is assigned a random sales order number, which we use to track customer orders. This sales order number is different from any other sales order number and may be passed to third party vendors with whom our staff works with to provide more efficient and relevant services to users. These third parties are unable to connect or associate this randomly generated number with an individual email address, phone number, mailing address or any other data that may be used to specifically identify you. However, our anonymous customer numbers may be used to measure traffic and visiting patterns on our website and on other websites on the Internet. We may also compile statistics and other data about our customers on an aggregated basis, and may share such aggregated data with selected third parties. This data will not specifically identify you. Further, as permitted by applicable law, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose your name, street, address, city, state, zip code, country, phone number, email and/or company to other website users in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy or other unlawful activity whenever we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate.
We do not presently sell, trade or rent personal information to other parties. We reserve the right to do so in the future, but will allow individuals to opt out of this process. You may change your personal information at any time, including email address, phone number, mailing address, and credit card information when purchasing item(s). By purchasing Products/Services through our website, you consent to the collection and use of this information by us. In the event of changes in our privacy policy, this page will be updated with the current information.
Display Advertising /Remarketing and Site Analytics
This website may use remarketing services to advertise on third party websites (including Google, Yahoo, Bing, Amazon, ESPN, CNN and more) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to a website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and such third-party vendors’ privacy policies.
Our site uses a unique tracking code to support Google Display Advertising enabling Google Analytics to collect traffic data by using our cookies. This is in addition to the data collected through the standard Google Analytics implementation allowing the Remarketing feature based on Display Advertising from Google. It is with this feature that we use Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online adhering to the Google AdWords Remarketing Policy and its sensitive category restrictions.
When you access our website, general non-personal information such as Internet browser used, geographical date regarding users i.e., country of residence, number of visits, average time spent on site, pages viewed is recorded automatically (not as part of website maintenance). This information is used only to gauge the popularity of the website and to help improve the site’s functionally in the future. This information is never used by third parties.
Our site also uses a unique tracking code to support Facebook and LinkedIn Advertising. This tracking code uses cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies to collect or receive information from our website and elsewhere on the Internet for the purposes of providing measurement services and target ads. You can set preferences for how Facebook advertises to you using the Facebook Ad Preferences page in your account settings. Visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ to learn more about opting-out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting,
Please note that once we share your personal information with another company, the other company’s privacy practices will govern their use of the information.
How We Secure Your Data
The security of your personal information is important to us, because we know that the security of your information is important to you. We have implemented reasonable security procedures that are intended to protect your information. From time to time, we review and update our procedures to consider appropriate new security technology and methods.
Please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. If, despite our security measures, your most sensitive information, such as your payment information, has been compromised, we will notify you in accordance with our legal obligations in your jurisdiction.
We operate globally and although we do no currently do so, we may transfer your personal information to locations around the world. Wherever we control the transfer, storage, or processing of your personal information, we will take reasonable steps to safeguard the privacy of your personal information.
How You Control Your Information
You may modify, change, or correct your registration and transaction information in the same manner in which you originally provided it to us.
If you want to delete an account, registration, or profile, we hope that you will give us the opportunity to discuss any issues or concerns that you have had regarding our website or Products/Services. To delete an account, registration, or profile, please contact us at the following address: 4545 E Baseline Road, Phoenix, AZ, 85042. Once we receive your request, we will then take steps to delete your personal information within a commercially reasonable time. We may retain some information for our own backup, archival, record or audit purposes and as otherwise required by law, however, we will only retain the information for those purposes and will no longer share with other companies the personal information from deleted accounts. Please note that we will only be able to delete your personal information that is within our control, and we will not be able delete your personal information that we had previously shared with others in accordance with this privacy policy.
How We Protect Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly allow children under the age of 13 to complete registrations, profiles, or purchases, and therefore, we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
If you believe that we have inadvertently collected personal information from a child under 13, please contact us at the following address so we can take appropriate steps to delete the child’s personal information: 4545 E Baseline Road, Phoenix, AZ, 85042.
We define “personal information from a child under 13” to include (1) a first and last name; (2) a home or other physical address including street name and name of a city or town; (3) online contact information such as an email address or instant messaging user identifier; (4) a screen or user name; (5) a telephone number; (6) a persistent identifier that can be used to recognize a user over time and across different online services, including an IP address or a unique device identifier; (7) a photograph including the child’s image; or (8) geolocation information sufficient to identify street name and name of a city or town.
How Our Privacy Policy May Be Changed
From time to time, in response to new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, changes in our Products/Services, or other circumstances, we may change this privacy policy. If these changes are material, we will provide notice to you, which may include updating this policy, and, if we are required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent. If you choose not to accept the new privacy policy, your account may be terminated.
How You May Comment and Inquire About This Policy
If you have a comment or question about this privacy policy, please contact us at the following address: 4545 E Baseline Road, Phoenix, AZ, 85042.
California Residents
California law gives residents of California the right under certain circumstances to request information from us regarding the manner in which we share certain categories of personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
The address for requesting this information is: 4545 E Baseline Road, Phoenix, AZ, 85042.
However, because our privacy policy in some instances gives you a choice of opting out of having your personal information disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes, we may instead provide you with information on how to exercise your opt-out preferences.
Users Outside the United States
The personal and other information that is subject to this policy (including the information collected on from visitors outside the United States) is collected and controlled by us in the United States. You agree that your information will be processed in the United States for the purposes described herein. We also may subcontract the processing of your data to, or otherwise share your data among the companies set forth in the first paragraph above, authorized distributors and resellers of the Products/Services, trusted service providers, and trusted business partners in the United States or countries other than your country of residence. The data-protection laws in these countries may be different from, and less stringent than, those in your country of residence. You expressly consent to such transfer and processing.
Share this MTX page...
800-225-5689 / mtx@mtx.com
Sitemap | Privacy | Terms | ISO 9001:2015 Certification | Contact Us | About Us
Copyright © 2020 MTX Audio. All rights reserved.
Follow Us
Request Access to Use AtlasIED.com to Place Purchase Orders.
First Name
Last Name
Company Name
AtlasIED Account Number
E-mail Address
Office Phone Number
Address
City
State
Zip Code
Please complete this form and we will have one of our audio experts get in touch with you.
Name
Email Address
Phone Number
Address
City
State
---
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Zip Code
Product or Product Category of Interest
Preferred Method of Contact
Email
Phone
Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies.
OK
Learn more
Email:
Password:
Remember me?
Forgot password?
Need an account?
Register
Your Personal Details
Email:
*
Password:
*
Confirm password:
*
First name:
*
Last name:
*
Company name:
Country:
Select Country
United States
Canada
*
Street address:
*
Street address 2:
City:
*
State / province:
Select state
*
Wait...
Zip / postal code:
*
Phone:
Fax:
Preferences
Time zone:
(UTC-12:00) International Date Line West
(UTC-11:00) Coordinated Universal Time-11
(UTC-10:00) Aleutian Islands
(UTC-10:00) Hawaii
(UTC-09:30) Marquesas Islands
(UTC-09:00) Alaska
(UTC-09:00) Coordinated Universal Time-09
(UTC-07:00) Yukon
(UTC-08:00) Baja California
(UTC-08:00) Coordinated Universal Time-08
(UTC-08:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada)
(UTC-07:00) Arizona
(UTC-07:00) Chihuahua, La Paz, Mazatlan
(UTC-07:00) Mountain Time (US & Canada)
(UTC-06:00) Central America
(UTC-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada)
(UTC-06:00) Easter Island
(UTC-06:00) Guadalajara, Mexico City, Monterrey
(UTC-06:00) Saskatchewan
(UTC-05:00) Bogota, Lima, Quito, Rio Branco
(UTC-05:00) Chetumal
(UTC-05:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada)
(UTC-05:00) Haiti
(UTC-05:00) Havana
(UTC-05:00) Indiana (East)
(UTC-05:00) Turks and Caicos
(UTC-04:00) Asuncion
(UTC-04:00) Atlantic Time (Canada)
(UTC-04:00) Caracas
(UTC-04:00) Cuiaba
(UTC-04:00) Georgetown, La Paz, Manaus, San Juan
(UTC-04:00) Santiago
(UTC-03:30) Newfoundland
(UTC-03:00) Araguaina
(UTC-03:00) Brasilia
(UTC-03:00) Cayenne, Fortaleza
(UTC-03:00) City of Buenos Aires
(UTC-03:00) Greenland
(UTC-03:00) Montevideo
(UTC-03:00) Punta Arenas
(UTC-03:00) Saint Pierre and Miquelon
(UTC-03:00) Salvador
(UTC-02:00) Coordinated Universal Time-02
(UTC-02:00) Mid-Atlantic - Old
(UTC-01:00) Azores
(UTC-01:00) Cabo Verde Is.
(UTC) Coordinated Universal Time
(UTC+00:00) Dublin, Edinburgh, Lisbon, London
(UTC+00:00) Monrovia, Reykjavik
(UTC+00:00) Sao Tome
(UTC+01:00) Casablanca
(UTC+01:00) Amsterdam, Berlin, Bern, Rome, Stockholm, Vienna
(UTC+01:00) Belgrade, Bratislava, Budapest, Ljubljana, Prague
(UTC+01:00) Brussels, Copenhagen, Madrid, Paris
(UTC+01:00) Sarajevo, Skopje, Warsaw, Zagreb
(UTC+01:00) West Central Africa
(UTC+02:00) Amman
(UTC+02:00) Athens, Bucharest
(UTC+02:00) Beirut
(UTC+02:00) Cairo
(UTC+02:00) Chisinau
(UTC+02:00) Damascus
(UTC+02:00) Gaza, Hebron
(UTC+02:00) Harare, Pretoria
(UTC+02:00) Helsinki, Kyiv, Riga, Sofia, Tallinn, Vilnius
(UTC+02:00) Jerusalem
(UTC+02:00) Kaliningrad
(UTC+02:00) Khartoum
(UTC+02:00) Tripoli
(UTC+02:00) Windhoek
(UTC+03:00) Baghdad
(UTC+03:00) Istanbul
(UTC+03:00) Kuwait, Riyadh
(UTC+03:00) Minsk
(UTC+03:00) Moscow, St. Petersburg
(UTC+03:00) Nairobi
(UTC+03:30) Tehran
(UTC+04:00) Abu Dhabi, Muscat
(UTC+04:00) Astrakhan, Ulyanovsk
(UTC+04:00) Baku
(UTC+04:00) Izhevsk, Samara
(UTC+04:00) Port Louis
(UTC+04:00) Saratov
(UTC+04:00) Tbilisi
(UTC+04:00) Volgograd
(UTC+04:00) Yerevan
(UTC+04:30) Kabul
(UTC+05:00) Ashgabat, Tashkent
(UTC+05:00) Ekaterinburg
(UTC+05:00) Islamabad, Karachi
(UTC+05:00) Qyzylorda
(UTC+05:30) Chennai, Kolkata, Mumbai, New Delhi
(UTC+05:30) Sri Jayawardenepura
(UTC+05:45) Kathmandu
(UTC+06:00) Astana
(UTC+06:00) Dhaka
(UTC+06:00) Omsk
(UTC+06:30) Yangon (Rangoon)
(UTC+07:00) Bangkok, Hanoi, Jakarta
(UTC+07:00) Barnaul, Gorno-Altaysk
(UTC+07:00) Hovd
(UTC+07:00) Krasnoyarsk
(UTC+07:00) Novosibirsk
(UTC+07:00) Tomsk
(UTC+08:00) Beijing, Chongqing, Hong Kong, Urumqi
(UTC+08:00) Irkutsk
(UTC+08:00) Kuala Lumpur, Singapore
(UTC+08:00) Perth
(UTC+08:00) Taipei
(UTC+08:00) Ulaanbaatar
(UTC+08:45) Eucla
(UTC+09:00) Chita
(UTC+09:00) Osaka, Sapporo, Tokyo
(UTC+09:00) Pyongyang
(UTC+09:00) Seoul
(UTC+09:00) Yakutsk
(UTC+09:30) Adelaide
(UTC+09:30) Darwin
(UTC+10:00) Brisbane
(UTC+10:00) Canberra, Melbourne, Sydney
(UTC+10:00) Guam, Port Moresby
(UTC+10:00) Hobart
(UTC+10:00) Vladivostok
(UTC+10:30) Lord Howe Island
(UTC+11:00) Bougainville Island
(UTC+11:00) Chokurdakh
(UTC+11:00) Magadan
(UTC+11:00) Norfolk Island
(UTC+11:00) Sakhalin
(UTC+11:00) Solomon Is., New Caledonia
(UTC+12:00) Anadyr, Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky
(UTC+12:00) Auckland, Wellington
(UTC+12:00) Coordinated Universal Time+12
(UTC+12:00) Fiji
(UTC+12:00) Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky - Old
(UTC+12:45) Chatham Islands
(UTC+13:00) Coordinated Universal Time+13
(UTC+13:00) Nuku'alofa
(UTC+13:00) Samoa
(UTC+14:00) Kiritimati Island
Newsletter:
I accept privacy policy
(read)
Password recovery
Please enter your email address below. You will receive a link to reset your password.
Your email address:
*