http://www.nafcu.org/newsroom/fhfa-makes-another-extension-gse-loan-forbearance-policy
Federal Advocacy
Top Issues
ADA Website LitigationCECLRegulatory ReliefCFPB ImprovementsData Privacy and SecurityMember Business LendingMore »
2021 Advocacy Priorities
Congressional Testimony
Letters & Comments
NAFCU/PAC
Proposed Regulation
Grassroots Action Center
Education & Certification
By Role
Board & Supervisory CommitteesCompliance, Risk & BSAExecutive LeadershipGrowth & MarketingOperations
Certifications and Training Certificates
Conferences
Online Training
Search All Educational Resources
Compliance Assistance
Compliance Hot Topics
Overdraft LitigationCybersecurityHMDAMilitary Lending Act2016 Mortgage Servicing Rules & TRIDDisaster Recovery ResourcesEquifax Data Breach Resources
Compliance Calendar
Compliance Guides & Manuals
Compliance Policy Sharing
Final Regulation Summaries
Newsletters & Blog
Ask NAFCU Compliance
Search All Compliance Resources
Data & Tools
Featured Reports
Economic and CU Research Enewsletter Macroeconomic Data Flash Reports Salary Comparison ReportShare Insurance Fund Analysis & ForecastCredit Union Federal Tax Exemption StudyCECL Study: Alternatives, Impacts, Accuracy, and ComplexityMore »
Benchmark & Research Tools
Financial CalCUlators
Data Sources
Contribute Your Data
Preferred Partners
Solutions
InsuranceRewards ProgramTechnologyVendor ManagementLendingRetirement & Financial PlanningMore »
Partner Directory
Partner News
Become a Preferred Partner
NAFCU Services Blog
About NAFCU Services
Home
Newsroom
FHFA makes another extension to GSE loan forbearance policy
Newsroom
Back to the Newsroom
September 25, 2020
FHFA makes another extension to GSE loan forbearance policy
The Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA) is again extending its temporary policy allowing the government-sponsored enterprises to purchase certain single-family mortgage loans in forbearance. It was set to expire Sept. 30 after two previous extensions, and is now extended to Oct. 31, 2020. NAFCU is actively engaged with the FHFA to ensure credit union mortgage servicers have the relief needed to accommodate increased forbearance requests.
In addition to extending the forbearance policy, the FHFA extended several other relief measures that were set to expire next week, including:
alternative appraisals on purchase and rate term refinance loans;
alternative methods for documenting income and verifying employment before loan closing; and
expanding the use of power of attorney to assist with loan closings.
The agency last month also extended its moratorium on foreclosures and evictions through the end of the year. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have pages devoted to coronavirus resources and guidance available online.
NAFCU is working closely with the FHFA to address credit union mortgage servicer concerns and had previously urged the agency to provide relief to servicers that, without action by the FHFA, would have to continue making principal and interest payments to the GSEs on loans in forbearance. The FHFA in April heeded NAFCU's call and announced it will provide a four-month limit on advances of principal and interest payments for loans in forbearance sold to the GSEs.
In addition, NAFCU continues to voice concerns about the GSEs' policy to impose a 0.5 percent fee on most mortgage refinance loans. NAFCU came out strong against the adverse market refinance fee when it was announced, arguing that it would hurt credit unions and their mortgage borrowers as they try to recover from the coronavirus pandemic, and its advocacy achieved at least a delay of the policy until Dec. 1.
NAFCU will continue to monitor the FHFA's efforts to support liquidity in the mortgage market and work with the agency to ensure credit unions' concerns are addressed.
Share This
facebook
twitter
linkedin
Want more news?
Checkout our latest new and noteworthy headlines.
See the latest news
Related Resources
July 23, 2019
NAFCU S. 2155 Analysis
Chart
December 10, 2018
Compliance Monitor - December 2018
Newsletter
December 06, 2018
2018 Year-end Review – Federal Regulatory Compliance Highlights
Article
June 08, 2018
Compliance Monitor - June 2018
Newsletter
Get daily updates.
Subscribe to NAFCU today.