http://www.davrosteel.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Close
Skip to content
Privacy policy
Davro Steel PRIVACY STATEMENT
We at Davro Steel (Davro Steel Inc. and our affiliates) are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to our Website (http://www.davrosteel.co.uk/ and any of our other current and future subdomains). This Privacy Policy governs our data collection, processing and usage practices. It also describes your choices regarding use, access and correction of your personal information. If you do not agree with the data practices described in this Privacy Policy, you should not use the Websites or the Subscription Service.
We periodically update this Privacy Policy. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice by sending you an email notification. While we will notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our treatment of the information you provide us, please write to us by email at info@davrosteel.co.uk or by mail to Unit 9, Hayes Trading Estate, Hingley Rd, Halesowen, West Midlands B63 2RR.
1. Information We Collect
When You Visit our Websites
You are free to explore the Websites without providing any Personal Information about yourself. When you visit the Website and or submit your personal details via the contact us page we collect the Information provided.
“Personal Information”
This refers to any information that you voluntarily submit to us and that identifies you personally, including contact information, such as your name, e-mail address, company name, address, phone number, and other information about yourself or your business. Personal Information can also include information about any transactions, both free and paid, that you enter into on the Websites, and information about you that is available on the internet, such as from Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and Google, or publicly available information that we acquire from service providers.
Personal Information also includes Navigational Information or Payment Information where such information can directly or indirectly identify an individual. Navigational information refers to information about your computer and your visits to this website such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and pages viewed. Please see the “Navigation Information” section below. Payment information includes financial information we collect and process payment information from you when you subscribe to the Subscription Service, including credit cards numbers and billing information, using third party PCI-compliant service providers (mainly www.stripe.com). Except for this, we do not collect Sensitive Information from you.
Log Files
When you use our services our view content provided by us, we automatically collect information about your computer hardware and software. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, internet service provider (ISP), the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, clickstream data, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by Davro Steel to provide general statistics regarding use of the Davro Steel Website.
Information we collect from third parties
From time to time, we may receive Personal Information about you from third party sources including partners with which we offer co-branded services or engage in joint marketing activities, and publicly available sources such as social media websites.
3. How We Use Information We Collect
Compliance with Our Privacy Policy
We use the information we collect only in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
We Never Sell Personal Information
We will never sell your Personal Information to any third party.
Use of Personal Information
In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we may use your Personal Information to:
– Contact you to discuss your query in more detail
-Enter into a contract with you
-Improve your browsing experience by personalising the Websites and to improve the Subscription Service;
-Send information or Davro Steel content to you which we think may be of interest to you by post, email, or other means and send you marketing communications relating to our business;
-Promote use of our services to you and share promotional and information content with you in accordance with your communication preferences;
-Provide other companies with statistical information about our users — but this information will not be used to identify any individual user;
-Send information to you regarding changes to our Terms Of Service, -Privacy Policy (including the Cookie Policy), or other legal agreements;
-Meet legal requirements.
We may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, we do not transfer your Personal Information to the third party without your consent.
Legal basis for processing Personal Information (EEA visitors only)
Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect personal information from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you.
If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information). Similarly, if we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
Use of Navigational Information
We use Navigational Information to operate and improve the Website. We may also use Navigational Information alone or in combination with Personal Information to provide you with personalized information about Davro Steel.
Customer Testimonials and Comments
We post customer testimonials and comments on our Websites, which may contain Personal Information. We obtain each customer’s consent via email prior to posting the customer’s name and testimonial.
Security of your Personal Information
We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorised access, use or disclosure. We secure the Personal Information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorised access, use or disclosure. All Personal Information is protected using appropriate physical, technical and organisational measures.
External Websites
If our Websites provide links to other websites. We do not control, and are not responsible for, the content or practices of these other websites. Our provision of such links does not constitute our endorsement of these other websites, their content, their owners, or their practices. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these other websites, which are subject to any privacy and other policies they may have.
Public Forums
If we offer publicly accessible blogs, and groups/community forums. Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose any information through our blogs, or groups/forums, this information may be collected and used by others. We will correct or delete any information you have posted on the Websites if you so request, as described in “Opting Out and Unsubscribing” below.
Retention of Personal Information
How long we keep information we collect about you depends on the type of information as described in further detail below. After such time, we will either delete or anonymise your information or, if this is not possible, then we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further use until deletion is possible.
We retain Personal Information that you provide to us where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Information, we securely delete the information or anonymise it or, if this is not possible, then we will securely store your Personal Information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. We will delete this information from the servers at an earlier date if you so request, as described in “To Unsubscribe from Our Communications” below.
4. How We Share Information We Collect
We do not, and will not, sell any of your personal data to any third party – including your name and contact details and your payment information. We’re serious when we say we’re committed to protecting your privacy – we want to earn and maintain your trust, and we believe this is absolutely essential in order do that.
If we (or our assets) are acquired by another company, whether by merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or otherwise, that company would receive all information gathered by Davro Steel on the Websites. In this event, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website, of any change in ownership, uses of your Personal Information, and choices you may have regarding your Personal Information.
Compelled Disclosure
We reserve the right to use or disclose your Personal Information if required by law or if we reasonably believe that use or disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or comply with a law, court order, or legal process.
5. Cookies And Similar Technologies
Cookies
Davro Steel use cookies or similar technologies (such as web beacons) to analyse trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. To find out more about how we use cookies on our Websites and how to manage your cookie preferences please see our Cookie Policy.
Third Party Tracking Technologies
The use of cookies and web beacons by any tracking utility company is not covered by our Privacy Policy or Cookie Policy.
6. How To Access & Control Your Personal Data
Reviewing, Correcting and Removing Your Personal Information
You have the following data protection rights: You can request access, correction, updates or deletion of your personal information. You can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information. If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. Contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA, Switzerland and certain non-European countries (including the US and Canada) are available.)
To exercise any of these rights, please write to us by email info@davrosteel.co.uk or by mail to Unit 9, Hayes Trading Estate, Hingley Rd, Halesowen, West Midlands B63 2RR. We will respond to your request to change, correct, or delete your information within a reasonable timeframe and notify you of the action we have taken.
To Unsubscribe From Our Communications
You may unsubscribe from our marketing communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of our e-mails, updating your communication preferences, or by emailing us at info@davrosteel.co.uk or by mail to Unit 9, Hayes Trading Estate, Hingley Rd, Halesowen, West Midlands B63 2RR. Customers cannot opt out of receiving transactional emails related to their booking with us.
x
We use cookies to give you the best online experience. By using our website you accept our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy, which we encourage you to review.
Dismiss
Privacy Settings
HomeAbout UsOur QualityOur ProductsWhere are we basedProcessesPolicies and StandardsCareersContact Us