https://www.ripley-eng.co.uk/privacy-policy/
+44 (0)1256 473 940
service@ripley-eng.co.uk
Coolers & Condensers
Privacy Policy
The Policy
This privacy policy is for this website and governs the privacy of its users who choose to use it. It explains how we comply with the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), the DPA (Data Protection Act) [pre GDPR enforcement] and the PECR (Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations).
Use of Cookies
Our website, like many others, stores and retrieves information on your browser using cookies. This explains how we use them on our website.
What are Cookies?
A cookie is a small piece of data that our website asks your browser to store on your computer or mobile device. Generally, it contains certain information that is not personally identifiable to you, but is used to improve and personalise your web experience. For example, a cookie can include the date and time of visits to the website, the sites visited just before and just after it, the pages viewed, and the time spent on the website.
Types of Cookies
Based on length, there are Session Cookies and Persistent Cookies. Session cookies are deleted from your computer when you close your browser, whereas persistent cookies remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they expire. Session cookies are used to remember your browsing selection or provide you with secure access to some of the services on the website. Persistent cookies are used to recognise you as a repeat visitor to the Website and adapt its content in line with your preferences.
Based on ownership, there are In-house Cookies and Third-party Cookies. In-house cookies are set and managed directly by us, while third-party cookies are set and managed by websites other than ours.
Based on purpose, there are Technical Cookies, Analytical Cookies or Advertising Cookies. Technical cookies are used to provide you with access to services that you have requested. We may use cookies to make advertising more engaging to users and more valuable to publishers and advertisers. Some common applications of cookies are to select advertising based on what’s relevant to a user, to improve reporting on campaign performance and to avoid showing ads the user has already seen.
How we use Cookies
Our website uses cookies to facilitate your use of the website, distinguish you from other users, offer you a better user experience and identify problems in order to improve our website. Should you give your consent, we will use cookies that enable us to gather more information on your preferences and tailor our website to your individual interests.
We may also use cookies to help us understand how you use our website and to make advertising more engaging to our users and more valuable to publishers and advertisers.
If you interact with the content of our Website, third-party cookies may also be installed (for example, by clicking on social media buttons or viewing videos housed on other sites). They are established by a domain different than our website and are subject to the relevant websites’ policies. We cannot access the data stored in cookies of other websites when you browse these other websites.
Your Consent
When you first visit our website, browsing and remaining on our website will imply that you agree to our use of cookies as explained in this Cookies Policy.
You can decide to withdraw your consent at any time by deleting the cookies on your computer (or mobile device) using the settings and configuration of your Internet browser.
Disabling and Blocking Cookies
Our system will automatically create cookies when you visit our website. Cookies are not necessary for the use of our Website, so you can block or disable them by configuring your browser to allow you to block the installation of some or all cookies. Almost all browsers allow you to be alerted to the presence of cookies or block them automatically.
If you block cookies, you can continue to use our website, although some services may be limited and you may not experience the full functionality of our website. For more information on deleting, disabling or blocking cookies, please visit www.aboutcookies.org
Changes to the Cookies Policy
We reserve the right to amend, update or adapt this Cookies Policy to reflect any changes in legislation or in the interpretation by the relevant data protection agency.
Website Visitor Tracking
This website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. The software will save a cookie to your computer’s hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information.
Adverts and Sponsored Links
This website may contain sponsored links and adverts. These will typically be served through any advertising partners, to whom may have detailed privacy policies relating directly to the adverts they serve.
Clicking on any such adverts will send you to the advertisers website through a referral program which may use cookies and will track the number of referrals sent from this website. This may include the use of cookies which may in turn be saved on your computer’s hard drive. Users should therefore note they click on sponsored external links at their own risk and we cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Downloads & Media Files
Any downloadable documents, files or media made available on this website are provided to users at their own risk. While all precautions have been undertaken to ensure only genuine downloads are available users are advised to verify their authenticity using third party anti-virus software or similar applications.
We accept no responsibility for third party downloads and downloads provided by external third party websites and advise users to verify their authenticity using third party anti-virus software or similar applications.
Embedded Content
This website may contain embedded content via third party websites, such as YouTube or Vimeo. This content can have its own trackable events. You can read the privacy policy on their respective websites.
Contact & Communication With Us
Users contacting us through this website do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no use. Where we have clearly stated and made you aware of the fact, and where you have given your express permission, we may use your details to send you products/services information through a mailing list system. This is done in accordance with the regulations named in ‘The policy’ above.
Email Mailing List & Marketing Messages
We may operate an email mailing list program, used to inform subscribers about products, services and/or news we supply/publish. Users can subscribe through an online automated process where they have given their explicit permission. Subscriber personal details are collected, processed, managed and stored in accordance with the regulations named in ‘The policy’ above. Subscribers can unsubscribe at any time through an automated online service, or if not available, other means as detailed in the footer of sent marketing messages. The type and content of marketing messages subscribers receive, and if it may contain third party content, is clearly outlined at the point of subscription.
Email marketing messages may contain tracking beacons / tracked clickable links or similar server technologies in order to track subscriber activity within email marketing messages. Where used, such marketing messages may record a range of subscriber data relating to engagement, geographic, demographics and already stored subscriber data.
You can contact us to find out who our current provider is and you can read their privacy policy on their respective website.
External Website Links & Third Parties
Although we only look to include quality, safe and relevant external links, users are advised to adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout this website. (External links are clickable text / banner / image links to other websites and are usually highlighted with a different colour)
Shortened URL’s; URL shortening is a technique used on the web to shorten URL’s (Uniform Resource Locators) to something substantially shorter. This technique is especially used in social media. Users should take caution before clicking on shortened URL links and verify their authenticity before proceeding.
We cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite our best efforts. Users should therefore note they click on external links at their own risk and we cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Social Media Policy & Usage
There may be instances where our website features social sharing buttons, which help share web content directly from web pages to the respective social media platforms. You use social sharing buttons at your own discretion and accept that doing so may publish content to your social media profile feed or page. You can find further information about some social media privacy and usage policies in the resources section below.
Resources & Further Information
Overview of the GDPR – General Data Protection Regulation
Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003
The Guide to the PECR 2003
Twitter Privacy Policy
Facebook Privacy Policy
Google Privacy PolicyLinkedin Privacy Policy
Mailchimp Privacy Policy
Policy last updated 25th May 2018
© Ripley Engineering 2020
| Registration number: 08514678																			| VAT number: 163 0978 95
Website by Eldo™