https://www.alsecure.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy
Alsecure Group Ltd treats the privacy of its customers, personnel, stakeholders, suppliers and website users very seriously and will take appropriate security measures to safeguard privacy. This policy explains how we protect and manage personal data* you share with us and that we hold about you, including how we collect, process, protect and share data. Please read this statement to understand our views and practises regarding the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and how we use it so you are aware of how and why such information is used.
*Personal data means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, a home or other physical address and an email address or other contact information, whether at work or at home.
How we obtain your personal information
Information provided by you:
You provide us with personal data by corresponding with us verbally, by phone, email, meetings, letter or other. This may include financial information and personal description and or other details in correspondence you may make with us. We record telephone calls for security and training purposes and may keep information contained in correspondence you relayed to us verbally, by phone, email, meetings, letter or other. Additional information may be required by us to service a contract/agreement or progress a request. The provision of this additional information is subject to you giving us express consent. If we do not receive this consent from you, then we may be unable to consider your contract/agreement or progress your request. The provision of personal data is essential for us to be able to administer a contract/agreement or progress a request. This means that the legal basis of our holding your personal data is for the performance of contract/agreement or progression of a request. The personal information may be monitored and used by us for reasons of security and for monitoring compliance. E-mail monitoring or blocking software may also be used. Please be aware that you have a responsibility to ensure any communication sent to us is within the bounds of the law.
Information we collect:
We collect data because it is necessary, in relation to taking steps to enter in to a contract/agreement with you and/or performance of a contract/agreement with you or to take steps prior to entering in to a contract/agreement or progress a request. You are not required to register your details to use our website. With regard to your visit to our website we only collect the following information:
Site visit tracking: like most websites, this site uses Google Analytics (GA) to track user interaction. We use this data to determine the number of people using our site, to better understand how they find us and use our web pages. Although GA records data such as your geographical location, device, internet browser and operating system, none of this information personally identifies you to us. GA also records your IP address which could be used to personally identify you but Google do not grant us access to this. We consider Google to be a third party processor.  We do not use cookies
Information we get from other sources:
We only obtain information from third parties if this is permitted by law. We may also use legal public sources to obtain information about you, for example, to verify your identity.
This information (including your name, address, email address, date of birth etc.), as relevant to us, will only be obtained from reputable third party companies that operate in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). You will have already submitted your personal data to these companies and specifically given permission to allow them to pass this information to other companies that provide similar or complementary products to those we offer.
How we use your personal data:
We use your personal data because it is necessary, in relation to taking steps to enter in to a contract/agreement with you and/or performance of a contract/agreement with you or to take steps prior to entering in to a contract/agreement or progress a request.  We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your information from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed.
Where you submit information to us, verbally, by phone, email, meetings, letter or other, it will only be used for the stated purpose and any reasonable incidental purposes. Such information will only be used by us for:
The purpose for which it was provided by you and any incidental purposes including providing you with the information that you request from us
Administration and managerial purposes
Carry out our obligations arising from any contracts/agreement entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information.
Accounting and taxation also to send notices, statements and invoices to you and collect payments from you
To notify you of any changes in the services or systems provided by Alsecure Group Ltd
Comply with any statutory, lawful and regulatory obligations
Deal with enquiries or complaints by you.
Important information
Questions and queries:
If you have any questions or queries which are not answered by this Privacy Policy, or have any potential concerns about how we use the personal data we hold, please write to us at; Alsecure Group Ltd, 42, Kansas Ave, Salford, Manchester M50 2GL.
Policy changes:
This Privacy Policy is regularly reviewed. This is to make sure we meet the standards to protect your privacy. We reserve the right at all times, to update, modify or amend this policy. We suggest you review this Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure you are aware of any changes we may have made.
If you have a complaint:
If you have a complaint regarding the use of personal data or sensitive information then please contact us by writing to us at Alsecure Group Ltd, 42, Kansas Ave, Salford, Manchester M50 2GL.
If your complaint is not resolved to your satisfaction and you wish to make a formal complaint to the Information Commissioners Office (ICO). The ICO can be contacted by telephone on 0303 123 113 – Monday to Friday, between 9am and 5pm – or by email at casework@ico.org.uk. You can also visit the ICO website by following this link: https://ico.org.uk/.
Sharing information
Disclosing your data to others:
We keep the information about you confidential. We will only disclose your information with other third parties with your express consent with the exception of the following categories:
We are under obligation or duty to disclose or share your data in order to comply with any legal obligation this includes information with other organisations for the purpose of fraud protection
We will not sell your data to any third party
Your data shall not be used for marketing purposes
We supply data to third parties within the European Economic Area necessary to perform contracts/agreements agreed with you, which we consider to be third party processors, such as, Alarm/CCTV Receiving Centre, Police, Security Industry Authority, Insurance Companies, Inspection Boards, Audit Organisations, Regulatory bodies, Advisors that provide services to us or act as our agent, practitioner bodies, organisations used to assist or support the service of contracts/agreements, request by law enforcement agencies or government bodies and if we have a duty to do so or if the law allows us to do so.
To any company subsidiaries
In the event that we sell or buy or to anyone whom we may transfer our rights and duties under any agreement we have with you
Links to other websites:
Our website may contain links to other websites; however, once you have used these links to leave the company website, you should note that we do not have any control over other connected websites. Therefore, we cannot accept responsibility for the protection and privacy of any information which you may provide by visiting such websites and such sites are not covered by this Privacy Policy
Transfer of your personal data outside the European Economic Area (EEA):
We do not currently transfer your personal data outside the EEA
Where we store your data:
We store your data on a secure server, within the European Economic Area (EEA)
As a company we have taken organisational and technical measures to protect your data from theft, loss or any kind of use that is not in line with the purpose for which the data was collected or provided. We work with secured based networks and, if necessary, with encryption
How secure is my data:
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your information from being accidentally lost, altered or disclosed, used or accessed in an unauthorised way. In addition, we limit access to your information to those persons and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your information on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality and will be from reputable third party companies that operate in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We endeavour to use industry standard security measures to protect data information and to prevent loss, misuse or alteration of any data in our control. However, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee that all communication and personal identifiable information will never be disclosed. However, we will use reasonable endeavours to ensure that such data is kept as secure as possible. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try and prevent unauthorised access.
How long do we keep your data: We only keep your data for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected or it has been supplied for. The retention periods are in line with the length of time we need to keep your personal information in order to manage and administer your contract/agreement or progress a request. They take in to account our need to meet any legal, statutory or regulatory obligations. In all cases our need to use your personal information will be reassessed on a regular basis and information which is no longer required shall be disposed of.
Data subject rights:
Under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to:
Request access to your data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the information we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it
Request correction of the information that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected
Request erasure of your data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your data information where you have exercised your right to object to processing
Object to processing of your data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground
Request the restriction of processing of your data information. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of data information about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it
Request the transfer of your personal information to another party.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request for access is clearly unfounded or excessive, alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances.
Right to object:
You have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to the processing of personal data concerning you, including any personal profiling; unless this relates to processing that is necessary for the performance of tasks carried out in the public interest or an exercise of an official authority invested in us. We shall no longer process the personal data unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which overrides the interests, rights and freedoms of you, or for the establishment exercise of defence or legal claims.
Right to not be subject to decisions based solely on automated processing:
We do not carry out any automated processing, which may lead to automated decision based on your personal data
Invoking your rights:
If you want to review, verify, correct or request erasure of your data information, object to the processing of your data, or request that we transfer a copy of your information to another party, please write to us at Alsecure Group Ltd, 42, Kansas Ave, Salford, Manchester M50 2GL.
Accuracy of information:
In order to provide the highest level of service possible, we need to keep accurate personal data about you. We take reasonable steps to ensure the accuracy of any personal data or sensitive information we obtain. We ensure the source of any personal data or sensitive information is clear and we carefully consider any challenges to the accuracy of the information. We also consider when it is necessary to update information, such as name, email and address changes, you can help us by informing us of theses changes when they occur.
We have the experience and resources to respond, to secure your property and protect your assets, so you don’t have to.CONTACT US
42 Kansas Ave, Salford, Manchester M50 2GL
Tel: 0161 877 2220 • Fax: 0161 877 2221
Email: sales@alsecure.com
Company registration Number: 1044818
Corporate Social Responsibilty | Anti-Slavery and Human Trafficking Policy
Scroll to top