http://www.ceres-pr.co.uk/privacy-policy
(All references to Ceres, we, our or us, within this policy are deemed to refer to Ceres Partnership Ltd.)
At Ceres we respect your privacy and are committed to protecting any personal information that you provide to us.
This statement explains our policies and practices regarding the use and disclosure of your personal information.
Please note that we review and update this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed without notice. Therefore,
you should review the terms of this policy periodically to make sure that you are aware of how Ceres collects
and uses personal information.
Our primary goals in collecting any personal information are to deliver a smooth, efficient and personalised experience
when on our website, or for answering any queries you may have. This allows us to provide you with the information,
services and features that are most likely to meet your needs.
By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information by Ceres as explained
below.
For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) 2018, the data controller is Ceres Partnership
Ltd, Registered Office: The Long Barn, Bryants Farm, Kiln Road, Dunsden, Reading RG4 9PB. Company Reg.: 03632234
Personal Information.
You have complete control over your personal information. In general, you can visit our website without providing
us with any personal information. However, there are instances where we must have your personal information.
For example, if you sign up for Fresh – our e-newsletter – or send us a message using our contact form. This
information may include registration data (your address, email address, phone number, title, etc.), information
request data and response data ("User Information").
Cookies.
Ceres uses "cookies" to automatically collect data. A cookie is a small data file that a website can transfer to
a visitor's hard drive to keep records of the visits to such site. A cookie contains information that helps
us recognise the pages you have visited and improve future visits, but the only personal information a cookie
can contain is the information that you provide yourself. A cookie cannot read data off of your hard drive
or read cookie files created by other sites. Information stored in cookies may be encrypted, however, we do
not store your credit card number in cookies. If you prefer not to accept a cookie, you can set your web browser
(Microsoft Internet Explorer or Google Chrome) to warn you before accepting cookies or you can refuse all cookies
by turning them off in your web browser. However, access to some of our secured website(s) may require the
use of cookies, which you must enable only cookies that get sent back to the originating server. Otherwise,
you can still access most of the features on our website even without accepting a cookie.
We wish to assure you that these non-intrusive cookies are not harmful in any way. This site is in accordance with
the latest directive (May 2012) from the ICO (See www.ico.org.uk) and use of this site is taken as ‘implied
consent’.
Use of User Information.
We use your information, including your personal information and cookies, for the following purposes:
To provide our website and services to you, to facilitate the features on our website, to respond to your enquiries,
or send you information that you have requested, and for other client service purposes.
For marketing and advertising purposes. For example, as permitted by applicable law and subject to verification
and consent at time of sign up, we may occasionally contact you by e-mail, postal mail, or telephone to
provide you with information about Ceres’ services that might be of interest to you.
To tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you, to offer location customisation,
and personalised help and instructions, and to otherwise personalise your experiences while using the site
or our services.
To better understand how users access and use our site and services, both on an aggregated and individualized
basis, in order to improve our website and services and respond to user desires and preferences, and for
other research and analytical purposes.
Any personal information obtained will be held by Ceres for a maximum of 12 months and then reviewed.
If you decide that we should not use your personal User Information to contact you, please let us know and we will
not use that information for such purpose.
Disclosure of User Information.
Ceres does not sell, trade or transfer User Information to third parties. However, we may share User Information
with our business partners for marketing, advertising or product/service offering purposes. For example, we
provide User Information to our service / mail providers for direct emailing of our newsletters. We also disclose
User Information if:
we have your consent;
we need to share it in order to provide you with the products and/or services you requested;
or you violate our Terms of Use.
You may separately agree to provide your personal information to third parties that provide content for Ceres,
in order to access and/or use their products and/or services. If you agree to provide such information to these
third parties, then your personal information will be subject to their privacy policies.
We also may share your information in the following circumstances:
Business Transfers. If we are acquired by or merged with another company, if substantially all of our
assets are transferred to another company, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer the information
we have collected from you to the other company. We also may transfer our rights under any customer agreement
we have with you.
In Response to Legal Process. We also may disclose the information we collect from you in order to comply
with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court
order or a subpoena.
To Protect Us and Others. We also may disclose the information we collect from you where we believe
it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud,
situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this
Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Aggregate and De-Identified Information. We may share aggregate or de-identified information about users
with third parties for marketing, advertising, research or similar purposes.
Legal Purposes. To enforce our Terms of Use; for example, to protect the security of our Site, as required
by law or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights.
External Links.
Ceres may provide links to other third party websites. Even if the third party is affiliated with Ceres through
a business partnership or otherwise, Ceres is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices or the
content of such external links. These links are provided to you for convenience purposes only and you access
them at your own risk.
Your rights.
Your rights in connection with personal information; under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to:
Request access to your personal information (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This
enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully
processing it.
Request correction of the personal information that we hold about you. This enables you to have any
incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
Request erasure of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal
information where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask
us to delete or remove your personal information where you have exercised your right to object to processing
(see below).
Object to processing of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or
those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to
object to processing on this ground. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal
information for direct marketing purposes.
Request the restriction of processing of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to suspend
the processing of personal information about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy
or the reason for processing it.
Request the transfer of your personal information to another party.
If you want to review, verify, correct or request erasure of your personal information, object to the processing
of your personal data, or request that we transfer a copy of your personal information to another party, please
direct any request for your information by sending us a written request to us using the contact details below.
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal information (or to exercise any of the other rights). However,
we may charge a reasonable fee if your request for access is clearly unfounded or excessive. Alternatively,
we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances.
General.
If you have questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact Ceres via hello@ceres-pr.co.uk or using the
contact form at https://www.ceres-pr.co.uk/contact
This policy was last updated on 11th May 2018
Get the next edition of our Ceres Newsletter
FRESH
Join our mailing list
Name
Email Address
Receive emails from Ceres
Thank you, you will receive an email from us shortly.