http://www.hain.com/privacy-policy
IMPORTANT COVID-19 UPDATES
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
(Last modified: March 1, 2014)
The Hain Celestial Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Company” or “We”) strive to satisfy and delight our customers. Our goal is to provide you with the highest quality products and services while respecting your rights to security and privacy. The Company has a firm commitment to protect your privacy through our compliance with this policy (the “Privacy Policy”).
This Privacy Policy (together with our terms of use and any other documents referred to in it) describes the personal information that we collect from you, or that you provide on this website (our “Website”) and how that information may be used or disclosed by us.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect through any other means, or to information collected on any third-party site that we do not own or control, or by any third-party application that may link to or be accessible from the Website. In the event you choose to use links that appear on our site to visit other websites, you are advised to read the privacy policies that appear on those sites.
The Company operates this Website from its offices in Lake Success, New York in the United States. If you are located in the European Union, Canada or anywhere else outside of the United States, please be aware that any information we obtain from you, including, without limitation, your personal information, through the use of this Website may be transferred to the United States and/or other countries in which are affiliates or vendors are located that may not provide the same level of data protection as the country in which you are located.
Please read the following carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your personal information and how we will treat it. By using or accessing our Website, you agree to this Privacy Policy. Whenever you submit information via this Website, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time and your continued use of the Website is deemed to be acceptance of such changes, so please check the Privacy Policy periodically for updates. All matters pertaining to this Website are governed and interpreted under the laws of the State of New York, United States.
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal information on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 without prior parental consent or parental notification. If you are under the age of 13, please do not register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete such information. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us at webmaster@hain-celestial.com.
Information We Collect About You
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including:
Personally-identifiable information you provide to us.
Non-personally-identifiable information which is collected automatically as you navigate through the site, including usage details, IP addresses, cookies and web beacons.
Information we receive from our subsidiaries and/or affiliates.
Personally-Identifiable Information You Provide to Us
We do not collect personally-identifiable information unless you provide it to us. If provided, we may collect and use the following personally-identifiable information:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Website or posting material, such as your contact information (name, email address, mailing address and telephone number), age group, date of birth, gender, product concerns and the brand and products you use.
Information you provide to us when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our Website
Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfilment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website. We collect such information, including your delivery and billing address, and credit card number, security code, expiration date, during the online checkout so that we can properly fulfill your orders.
Information that you provide when signing up to receive email notifications, including your email address, whenever the Company posts new information to the Investor Relations portion of the Website.
Other details that you may submit to us or that may be included in the information provided to us by third parties.
If you would prefer that we not collect any personally-identifiable information from you, please do not provide us with any such information.
Non-Personally-Identifiable Information
Usage Details and IP Addresses. As you navigate through the Website, we may also collect details of your visits to our Website, including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise, and the resources that you access, as well as information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our third party vendors. This is statistical data about our users’ equipment, browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
Cookies. For the same reason, we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using cookies. A cookie is a small file stored on the hard drive of your computer. Use of cookies help us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Website.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Web Beacons. Pages of the Website may contain electronic images known as web beacons (also referred to as single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company to count users who have visited those pages and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity). Web beacons are not used to access your personal information on the Website and are only used to compile aggregated statistics concerning use of the Website.
User Contributions
You are responsible for any content, including personal information, that you contribute to be published or displayed (hereinafter, “posted”) on the Website, or transmit to other users of the Website (collectively, “User Contributions”). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to other users of the Website at your own risk. We cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions, and we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website. You understand and acknowledge that, even after removal, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other Website users. Proper access and use of information provided on the Website, including User Contributions, is governed by our terms of use and known or suspected violations should be reported to webmaster@hain-celestial.com.
Uses Made of the Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information, in the following ways:
To present our Website and its contents in a suitable and effective manner for you and for your computer.
To register you for an account membership at our Website, and manage and maintain your account on the Website.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To notify you about changes to our service.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Website, such as posting comments and videos.
To improve our site content, product offerings and our research, marketing and promotional efforts.
To analyze the use our Website and the purchases you make on our Website.
To comply with applicable law and industry standards.
To enforce this Privacy Policy and otherwise manage our business.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose personal information that you provide via this Website to the following third parties:
Our subsidiaries and affiliates.
Business partners, contractors and service providers we use to support our business for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including to communicate with you about products or services, offers, events or promotions and to provide fulfillment services, technical support and delivery services.
To a buyer in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or any other form of sale of some or all of the Company’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by the Company about its customers is among the assets transferred.
We may also disclose your personal information to third parties to:
Comply with any court order or other legal obligation.
Enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements.
Protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Cookies. If you do not wish us to collect cookies, you may set your browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you do so, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Promotional Offers from the Company. If you do not wish to have your e-mail address used for promotional purposes by the Company, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data (the [order form/registration form]). You can also always opt-out of receiving e-mail information from us other than the e-mail informing you of the completion of user registration, correction of user data, or change of password by sending us an e-mail stating your request to webmaster@hain-celestial.com.
If we have sent you a promotional e-mail, you may send us a return e-mail asking to be omitted from future e-mail distributions. Please note that this opt out does not apply to information provided to the Company as a result of a product purchase, product service experience or other transactions.
You should review this Privacy Policy carefully, because if you do not agree with our practices, your ultimate choice is not to use the Website. Remember, by using any part of the Website, you accept and agree to our privacy practices. If we update this Privacy Policy, your continued use of the Website (following the posting of the revised Privacy Policy) means that you accept and agree to the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Accessing and Correcting Your Personal Information
You can review and update your personal information by logging into the Website. You may also send us an e-mail at webmaster@hain-celestial.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to webmaster@hain-celestial.com or write us at:
The Hain Celestial Group, Inc.
1111 MARCUS AVENUE
LAKE SUCCESS, NEW YORK 11042
ATTENTION: LEGAL DEPARTMENT
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Website like message boards. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Website.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our Privacy Policy on this page and the Website home page. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you through a notice on the Website home page. The date the Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
The Hain Celestial Group, Inc.
1111 MARCUS AVENUE
LAKE SUCCESS, NEW YORK 11042
ATTENTION: LEGAL DEPARTMENT
or via our toll-free number:
1-877-612-4246
WE WILL BE HAPPY TO ANSWER YOUR QUESTIONS OR HEAR YOUR CONCERNS.
Company
Who We Are
Global Footprint
History
Brands
Our Categories
Investor Relations
Careers
Find Your Career
Our Departments
Comprehensive Benefits
Equal Employment Opportunity
Find a Retailer
Find a Retailer
Search
Search
WorldWide Sites
USA
Canada
United Kingdom
Europe