https://www.deepseaelectronics.com/policies
Cookies on the Deep Sea Electronics website
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue without changing your setting, we'll assume that you have accepted the use of cookies on our website. However, you can change your cookie settings at any time. Click 'continue' to hide this message.
kContinue
kFind out more
c
DSEGenset
®
Generator Control
Modules
Manual & Auto Start Control Modules
Auto Mains (Utility) Failure Control Modules
Load Sharing & Synchronising Control Modules
PLC Editor Software
DC/Hybrid Generator Control Modules
Digital Automatic Voltage Regulators (AVR)
Mains (Utility) Protection Relays & Power Meters
Lighting Tower Control Modules
Remote Communications & Overview Displays
Expansion Modules
VIEW RANGE k
G
DSEControl
®
Engine & Off-Highway
Control Modules
Vehicle & Off-Highway Machinery Control Systems (M-Series)
Engine & Pump Control Modules (E-Series)
Accessories
VIEW RANGE k
b
DSEPower
®
Intelligent Battery
Chargers
12 Volt Battery Chargers
24 Volt Battery Chargers
Intelligent Battery Chargers
Enclosed Intelligent Battery Chargers
Multiple Output Battery Chargers
Overview Displays & Remote Communications
VIEW RANGE k
s
DSEAts
®
Auto Transfer Switch
Control Modules
Automatic Transfer Switch Control Modules
Power Supplies
VIEW RANGE k
Manual & Auto Start Control Modules
Auto Mains (Utility) Failure Control Modules
Load Sharing & Synchronising Control Modules
PLC Editor Software
DC/Hybrid Generator Control Modules
Digital Automatic Voltage Regulators (AVR)
Mains (Utility) Protection Relays & Power Meters
Lighting Tower Control Modules
Remote Communications & Overview Displays
Expansion Modules
Vehicle & Off-Highway Machinery Control Systems (M-Series)
Engine & Pump Control Modules (E-Series)
Accessories
12 Volt Battery Chargers
24 Volt Battery Chargers
Intelligent Battery Chargers
Enclosed Intelligent Battery Chargers
Multiple Output Battery Chargers
Overview Displays & Remote Communications
Automatic Transfer Switch Control Modules
Power Supplies
u
w
r
t  Log in
|
Register
v  Careers
Search
Products
DSEGenset®
DSEControl®
DSEPower®
DSEAts®
Support
Training
Distributors
Contact
LOGIN/REGISTER
About Us
Videos
News
Case Studies
Careers
Home
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions / Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Deep Sea Electronics Ltd operate this web site. Though we endeavour to ensure the accuracy of the information placed on this web site we do not warrant or guarantee the accuracy or correctness of such information or of any other content, description or material placed on or referred to on this web site. We do not warrant that the web site, its content or the server that makes it available are error or virus free or free of other harmful components or that your use of this web site will be uninterrupted.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage (whether direct or indirect, including loss of profits or any consequential loss) resulting from or in any way connected with your use of this web site whether caused by negligence or otherwise.
If you are dissatisfied with the web site or any content or materials on it, your sole exclusive remedy is to discontinue your use of the web site.
The web site may provide links to other web sites, the content of which is not in our control. Accordingly we cannot accept any responsibility for the materials featured on such web sites. Links to such sites are not to be taken as an endorsement of such web sites or as a warranty that such web sites will be free of viruses or other such items of a destructive nature.
These terms and your access to and use of this web site are subject to English law and the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Website Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is for this website; www.deepseaplc.com which is served by Deep Sea Electronics Ltd, Highfield House, Hunmanby Industrial Estate, Hunmanby, North Yorkshire, YO14 0PH, UK and governs the privacy of its users who choose to use it. It explains how we comply with the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), the DPA (Data Protection Act) [pre GDPR enforcement] and the PECR (Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations).
This policy will explain areas of this website that may affect your privacy and personal details, how we process, collect, manage and store those details and how your rights under the GDPR, DPA & PECR are adhered to. Additionally, it will explain the use of cookies or software, advertising or commercial sponsorship from third parties and the download of any documents, files or software made available to you on this website. Further explanations may be provided for specific pages or features of this website in order to help you understand how we, this website and its third parties interact with you and your computer / device in order to serve it to you. Our contact information is provided if you have any questions.
Mail: Deep Sea Electronics Ltd, Highfield House, Hunmanby Industrial Estate, Hunmanby, YO14 0PH.
Phone: + 44 (0) 1723 890099
Email: marketing@deepseaelectronics.com
The DPA & GDPR May 2018
We and this website comply to the DPA (Data Protection Act 1998) and we comply to the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) effective from 25th May 2018. We will update this policy accordingly after the completion of the UK's exit from the European Union.
Use of Cookies
This website uses cookies to better the users experience while visiting the website. As required by legislation, where applicable this website uses a cookie control system, allowing the user to give explicit permission or to deny the use of /saving of cookies on their computer / device.
What are cookies? Cookies are small files saved to a user’s computer hard drive that tracks, saves and stores information about the user's interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website, through its server to provide the users with a tailored experience within this website.
Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this website on to their computers hard drive they should take necessary steps within their web browsers security settings to block all cookies from this website and its external serving vendors or use the cookie control system if available upon their first visit.
Website Visitor Tracking
This website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. The software will save a cookie to your computer’s hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information.
Adverts and Sponsored Links
This website may contain links and adverts. These will typically be served through our own website or third-party websites. Third parties may have detailed privacy policies relating directly to the information they provide.
Users should note they click on sponsored external links at their own risk and we cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Downloads & Media Files
Any downloadable documents, files or media made available on this website are provided to users at their own risk. While all precautions have been undertaken to ensure only genuine downloads are available users are advised to verify their authenticity using third party anti-virus software or similar applications.
We accept no responsibility for third party downloads and downloads provided by external third-party websites and advise users to verify their authenticity using third party anti-virus software or similar applications.
Contact & Communication with Us
Users contacting us through this website do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no use.
Where we have clearly stated and made you aware of the fact, and where you have given your express permission, we may use your details to send you products/services information through a mailing list system. This is done in accordance with the regulations named in 'The Policy' above.
Email Mailing List & Marketing Messages
We operate an email mailing list program, used to inform subscribers about products, services and/or news we supply/publish. Users can subscribe through an online automated process where they have given their explicit permission. Subscriber personal details are collected, processed, managed and stored in accordance with the regulations named in 'The policy' above. Subscribers can unsubscribe at any time through an automated online service, or if not available, other means as detailed in the footer of sent marketing messages. The type and content of marketing messages subscribers receive, and if it may contain third party content, is clearly outlined at the point of subscription.
Email marketing messages may contain tracking beacons / tracked clickable links or similar server technologies in order to track subscriber activity within email marketing messages. Where used, such marketing messages may record a range of subscriber data relating to engagement, geographic, demographics and already stored subscriber data.
Our EMS (email marketing service) is delivered through Mailchimp servers and you can read their privacy policy here.
External Website Links & Third Parties
Although we only look to include quality, safe and relevant external links, users are advised to adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout this website. (External links are clickable text / banner / image links to other websites and could include exhibition organisers websites or industry trade journals. Shortened URL's; URL shortening is a technique used on the web to shorten URL's (Uniform Resource Locators) to something substantially shorter. This technique is especially used in social media and looks similar to this (http://bit.ly/zyVUBo). Users should take caution before clicking on shortened URL links and verify their authenticity before proceeding.
We cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite our best efforts. Users should therefore note they click on external links at their own risk and we cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Social Media Policy & Usage
We adopt a Social Media Policy to ensure our business and our staff conduct themselves accordingly online. While we may have official profiles on social media platforms users are advised to verify authenticity of such profiles before engaging with or sharing information with such profiles. We will never ask for user passwords or personal details on social media platforms. Users are advised to conduct themselves appropriately when engaging with us on social media.
There may be instances where our website features social sharing buttons, which help share web content directly from web pages to the respective social media platforms. You use social sharing buttons at your own discretion and accept that doing so may publish content to your social media profile feed or page. You can find further information about some social media privacy and usage policies in the resources section below.
Resources & Further Information
Overview of the GDPR - General Data Protection Regulation
Data Protection Act 1998
Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003
The Guide to the PECR 2003
Linkedin Privacy Policy
Mailchimp Privacy Policy
Copyright
All content of this web site including but not limited to the text, photographs, images, graphics, illustrations, designs, written and other material including the program and code that operates this web site (together the ‘content’) is protected by copyright, trade mark and/or other proprietary rights owned by us. Downloading, printing or copying of any content or code from this web site is permitted only for the purposes of personal use. All other uses of the content are expressly prohibited unless written permission is sought from us.
Version 1.1 May 2018.
u
WEEE Distributor Take Back Scheme
RECYCLING YOUR OLD ELECTRICALS IS EASY!
Recycle your electrical and electronic devices for free at your local recycling centre (UK Only).
To find your nearest recycling centre visit the Recycle More website and enter your postcode.
WHY SHOULD YOU RECYCLE?
Unwanted electrical equipment is the UK’s fastest growing type of waste. Many electrical items
can be repaired or recycled, saving natural resources and the environment. To remind you that old
electrical equipment can be recycled it is marked with a crossed out wheelie bin symbol. Please do
not throw any electrical equipment (including those marked with this symbol) in your bin.
WHAT IS WEEE?
The Waste Electrical or Electronic Equipment (WEEE) Directive required countries to maximise
separate collection and environmentally friendly processing of these items.
HOW ARE DSE HELPING?
In the UK, suppliers of electronics, such as DSE must provide a system which allows all customers buying
new electrical equipment the opportunity to recycle old items free of charge. As a responsible supplier,
we have met the requirements placed on us by financially supporting the network of WEEE recycling
centres established by local authorities. This is achieved by supporting through membership of the
national Distributor Take Back Scheme (DTS). To find out more information on WEEE recycling and to
locate your nearest recycling centre please visit the Recycle
More website.
DSE WEEE Registration Number - WEE/BE0052TQ
×