http://www.skydesign.com/site/privacy
Find a Pattern
Portfolio
Techniques
Markets
Corporate
Healthcare
Education
Government
Retail
Case Studies
Collections
5+ Collection by Michael Graves
Alexander Girard Collection
Archiglas
Botanica for Healthcare
CAMAflage for Healthcare
Classics
Collection in Whites by Suzanne Tick
Color Glass
Digital Glass Portfolio
Exterior Glass
Fosilglas
G Compendium
Geometrics by Laurinda Spear
Glassette for Healthcare
Glass Gradients by Scholten & Baijings
Kids Glass
KnollTextiles Glass Collection
Light + Shadow
Linework
Maharam Digital Projects
Make
Markerboards
Mosaic
Obscura by Suzanne Tick
Organics
Organize by Suzanne Tick
Patricia Urquiola Collection
Ronan and Erwan Bouroullec
Transcend by Suzanne Tick
Vitracolor Back-Painted Glass
Vitracolor Metallic Back-Painted Glass
Weaves + Textures
How to Order
Documents
Custom
About
Find a Rep
Contact
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last modified on March 31, 2016.
Skyline Design respects the privacy of its website visitors, and this Privacy Policy governs collection and use of information through the website www.skydesign.com ("Website").
1. What information is collected?
As detailed below, Skyline Design collects certain information from visitors to, and users of, the Website.
Skyline Design uses cookies and other technologies to track usage and trends and to improve the Website and user experience.
In addition, Skyline Design collects information about your computer, including but not limited to the configuration of your computer; your computer's Internet Protocol address; browser types (Firefox, Chrome, etc.); browser versions; the URL of the website that sent you to our Website; the URL of the website that you went to after leaving our Website; language preference; and search terms that directed you to our Website.
In addition, Skyline Design collects initial personally identifiable information, such as the name, physical address and email address via its Contact Us page.
The Skyline Design website is intended for use by individuals over the age of 18.
Individuals under 18 years of age are requested to not use or access the Website.
2. How is the information used?
Skyline Design, its agents, network hosts, and third parties working on its behalf, may use the collected information for the following reasons:
• Improve the Website;
• Track usage and trends;
• Evaluate and monitor traffic patterns;
• Conduct diagnostic tests;
• Respond to questions or inquiries regarding products or services and ordering;
• Customize the user experience;
• Assess and improve Website Security; and
• Allow you to share information and communicate with others.
3. How is the information shared?
Skyline Design does not rent, sell, or otherwise provide your personally identifiable information to third parties for marketing, direct marketing, or solicitation purposes.
Skyline Design may need to disclose information about visitors to government or law enforcement authorities, or as required by law. Under such circumstances, we will disclose the information upon a good faith belief that is necessary to comply with the order, request, form of legal process, or otherwise defend or exercise Skyline Design's rights.
4. How does Skyline Design respond to "Do Not Track" Signals?
Skyline Design supports the Do Not Track browser setting. Do Not Track (or DNT) is a preference you can set in your browser to let the websites you visit know that you do not want them collecting certain information about you.
For more details about Do Not Track, including how to enable or disable this preference, visit the Electronic Frontier Foundation page.
5. How does this Policy relate to Third Party sites?
Please note that links to third party websites are not governed by this Privacy Policy, and their practices may differ from those stated in this Privacy Policy. Skyline Design does not endorse, sponsor or represent these third party websites.
It is your sole responsibility to review and understand the privacy policies of these third parties before accessing these sites, and/or submitting any personal information.
6. What happens after I leave the site?
Skyline Design maintains back up data storage, which may result in archival storage of your information for a period of time.
7. Does Skyline Design update its Privacy Policy?
Skyline Design reserves the right to update, modify or alter this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice.
If the Privacy Policy is changed, we will update the date indicated on the first page of the Privacy Policy.
It is your responsibility to review the Privacy Policy regularly to be familiar with its terms, and understand whether the Privacy Policy has been updated.
8. How to contact Skyline Design?
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please send us an email at: legal@skydesign.com or send a written notice to:
Skyline Design
1240 N Homan Ave #1
Chicago, IL 60651
Attn: Legal Department
Thank You
Your request has been received and a Skyline Design representative will be contacting you soon.
Request More Information
Tell us about your project and how we can help. We do not share your information.
Submit
888-278-4660
sales@skydesign.com
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
Pinterest
LinkedIn
© 2020 Skyline Design. All Rights Reserved. Made in Chicago.