http://www.steveskoll.com/terms-of-use
COMEDIANS
ELEVATOR
GAMERS
CONTACT
ABOUT
INFO
privacy policy
site map
terms of use
Instagram
Facebook
Terms of UseLast updated: May 21, 2019I value your interest in my work and the time you spend on my website. In my online communications I am committed to informing you of my website user agreement.Please read these Terms of Use (“Terms”, “Terms of Use”) carefully before using the steveskoll.com website (the “Service”) operated by Steve Skoll (“us”, “we”, or “our”).Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.INTELLECTUAL PROPERTYThe Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Steve Skoll and his licensors.LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITESOur Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Steve Skoll.Steve Skoll has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Steve Skoll shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.GOVERNING LAWThese Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of United States without regard to its conflict of law provisions.Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.CHANGESWe reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.CONTACT USBy continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.If you have any questions about these Terms, contact steve@steveskoll.com.
Using Format