http://www.velux.co.uk/our-company/cookie-policy
Product registration
Find an installer
Where to buy
Brochures
Contact Us
VELUX Cookie Policy
Information about cookies
A cookie is a small text file, which is placed on your computer or other device. It makes it possible for us to recognize your computer and gather information about which pages and functions are visited with your computer. Cookies contain only anonymous information.
Cookies are used by most websites and are in many cases essential for the website to work properly.
Cookies on this website
We use cookies on this website for various purposes related to functionality, web analysis and marketing. We use cookies primarily to gather statistics about the users’ visits. The information gathered is used to improve the user experience on our website.
In addition to the cookies listed under the Functionality-, Statistics- and Marketing tabs our website also currently serves cookies from the following domains:
Knowhere chatbot
Linkedin
You can read more about the cookies we use under the three tabs. The cookies are divided into categories and you will find information about their name, expiration, purpose and company.
No to cookies
If you wish to decline the use of cookies now or in the future, you can change the permission in your browser settings. You block for the use of cookies from this and other websites by adding the domain under settings in your browser.
Read more about how you control cookies in your browser on aboutcookies.org
What happens if I say no to cookies?
If you choose to decline cookies in your browser, your device will not be tracked when you browse the internet. However, please note that by declining cookies you will automatically also not allow a lot of functionality on various websites and they may not work correctly.
Why inform about cookies?
We inform about cookies because we are required to inform about them as described in The Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011 (pdf).