http://www.AchieveMax.com/privacy.htm
[Home]
[About Us] [Motivational
Speakers] [Top
10 Presentations] [Training
and Seminars] [Keynote
Presentations] [Clients]
[Testimonials]
[Blog] [Book
Reviews] [Search]
[Site Map] [Contact
Us!]
Contact Us
Call
800-886-2629
or e-mail us for more information.
Follow Us
Join Our Newsletter
Enter E-mail Address:
Privacy Statement
The AchieveMax® team values your privacy.
To protect your privacy, we have instituted a number of policies that
give you information and control. We:
Provide a link to this privacy statement on all pages that ask for
personal information
Will not release personal identifying information about you without
first obtaining consent
This privacy statement discloses our practices for the gathering and
use of information from visitors to our website.  We will never sell
or distribute any information you provide to us.
What Type of Personal Information Do We Collect, Use and Share?
The contact form on our site requires users to give us contact information
(such as their name and e-mail address) to obtain information from us.
We may use customer contact information from the contact form to send
you information about our company and contact you when necessary.
Contact information may be used in several ways:
To enable us to process, validate and verify service requests.
To provide our speakers and strategic partners with information regarding
your event.
To give our website designer information that's useful for developing
new features and services that meet your needs.
To follow up with your needs after your initial contact.
Our mailing lists require an e-mail address. We will use this e-mail
address to send you our blog or book reviews at your request. We may also
use your e-mail address to keep in contact with you via social media sites.
In case you change your mind about information you have given us or if
some of it has changed, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct,
update or remove personal information you have given us. You can do this
by contacting us at
.
Cookies
The ads displayed on our site are provided by outside companies. These
ads may contain cookies. The use of advertising cookies sent by third party
servers is standard in the Internet industry. We do not have access to these
cookies or any information that they may contain; please contact the advertisers
for more information on these cookies. The third parties may be placing
and reading cookies on your browser or using web beacons to collect information
in the course of ads being displayed on this website. Your browser has an
option to clear cookies.
"Cookies" are data sent to your web browser from a web server
(such as Google) that can uniquely identify your computer and store information
about user preferences. Most web browsers will accept cookies by default,
but they can be set to reject cookies, either from all websites or from
specific sites. You can also manually delete cookies from your web browser.
These options are generally set through a "Privacy" setting
in your browser setup.
Google's cookie enables it to serve ads based on your visit to this site
and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of this
cookie by visiting the Google
ad and content network privacy policy.
Other Sites
This privacy policy applies only to the AchieveMax®
website. Users of our sites should be aware that through links they could
be directed to other sites that we do not control. For example, if you
click on a book link in the book reviews section, the click takes you
off the AchieveMax® website and sends
you to a site controlled and operated by a third party. These sites may
send you cookies, collect your personal information or provide offensive
content. We have no control over the privacy policies or practices of
these other sites, and AchieveMax®, Inc.
is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of websites
to which we link. AchieveMax®, Inc. takes
no responsibility for the products, services, policies or actions of third
parties or the content of third party websites. We encourage you to be
aware when you are leaving our site and to read the privacy policies of
each website you visit.
AchieveMax®, Inc. is a participant in
the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program
designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising
and linking to amazon.com.
The AchieveMax® team of professional
speakers celebrates its 35th year in business in 2015.
Thank you to all our customers for allowing us to "Achieve the Maximum®"
for their businesses and organizations.
For
more information on our seminars and keynote presentations,
please call 800-886-2MAX or send us an e-mail at
.
Privacy Policy
Copyright
© 1997-2015 AchieveMax®, Inc.