https://www.hpsprocess.com/legal-process-services/
Legal Process ServicesLegal Process Services
With flat-rate pricing, rush service and six-day-a-week/same day document processing, HPS stands far above its competition. We accept job orders via telephone, fax, email, US Postal Service, overnight delivery, and online, 24 hours a day. All HPS jobs are tracked through our computer system, providing clients with online access to all open and closed jobs. HPS even has the ability to help you with international litigation support.
Let us help you with:
Local and Nationwide Legal Process Services
International Services
Bulk Rate Discounts
Nationwide Document Services
Notary Service (mobile available)
Rush (Expedited) Services
Witness Fee Checks Advanced
Trustee Foreclosures
Court Issue, Filing, and Photocopying
Courthouse Records Research and Retrieval
Contact us to start your assignment today.
Please note, contacting us does not create an attorney-client relationship. Do not send any confidential information to us until such time as an attorney-client relationship has been established.
Get Started
Headquarters HPS Process Service & Investigations
1669 Jefferson Street
Kansas City, MO 64108
Contact Us Local: 816-842-9800
Toll Free: 800-796-9559
Fax: 816-842-9801
Email: service@hpsprocess.com
Disclaimer The information you obtain at this site is not, nor is it intended to be, legal advice.
MO PI License: 2015009333
KS PI License: A-5650
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OKLearn moreCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Google Analytics Cookies
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
If you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:
Click to enable/disable Google Analytics tracking.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Other cookies
The following cookies are also needed - You can choose if you want to allow them:
Click to enable/disable _ga - Google Analytics Cookie.
Click to enable/disable _gid - Google Analytics Cookie.
Click to enable/disable _gat_* - Google Analytics Cookie.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy Policy
Accept settingsHide notification only