https://www.nconstantinou.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policynconstantinou2018-05-16T12:27:50+00:00
Privacy Policy
Please read the private policy of N. Constantinou & Co Audit Ltd which will help you to understand how we use your personal data.
We may change our privacy policy at any time without giving you notice, so please check it each time you visit our website.
What personal data do we collect?
When you visit our website, make an enquiry or request more information, you may be asked to provide some personal data such as your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address. In the event you decide to provide personal data, this policy will apply.
How do we use your personal data?
We use your personal data to provide information to you or your organisation.
When you give us personal data, those data may be sent electronically to servers anywhere in the world and may be used, stored and processed anywhere in the world.
Whenever and wherever we collect, process or use personal data, we take steps to ensure that it is treated securely and in accordance with our privacy policy.
To whom might we disclose your personal data?
We may pass your personal data to an employee of N. Constantinou & Co Audit Ltd who needs the data in order to fulfil your request for our services, or process any payment. None of these will be located outside the European Economic Area.
Except as set out above, we will not disclose your personal information unless we are obliged to do so or allowed to do so, by law, or where we need to do so in order to run our business (for instance where we outsource services or other people process data for us).
Links
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any websites which are linked or have links to this site. We encourage our visitors to be aware when they leave our website, and to read the privacy policy of other sites that collect or use personal data.
Security
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any other network can be guaranteed as 100% secure, but we take appropriate steps to try to protect the security of your personal data.
Contacts
This is the website of N. Constantinou & Co Audit Ltd who is also the owner of the business name NCAUDIT.
If you want to request any information about your personal data, please contact us at our registered office.
Registered office address: 2 Rega Fereou, Limassol Center, Block B, Office 508, 3095, Limassol, Cyprus.
Inaccuracies and Corrections
We would like to keep your personal data accurate and up to date. If you become aware of any errors or inaccuracies please let us know by contacting us at our registered office
Contact Us
Address: 2 Rega Fereou, Limassol Center Block B, Office 508, P.C. 3095, Limassol, Cyprus
Phone: +357 25368823
Email: info@nconstantinou.com
Working Days/Hours: Monday - Thursday / 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Friday / 8:00 AM - 1:30 PM
TagsAccounts
Allowances
Annual Return
arms lenght
ATAD
bareboat chartering
benefits in kind
Corporate Bonds
COVID-19
Deemed Dividend Distribution
Financial Statements
General Healthcare System
GHS
Immovable Property
Income tax
interest
International tax
IP regime
Lease
LEVY
maritime
NID
Non refundable capital contribution
Notional Interest Deduction
NRCC
overdue taxes
penalties
Personal tax
Provisional
Registrar Of Companies
related parties
Rent
rental income
residency
resident individual
SDC
ship merchant law
Special Defence Contribution
tax
tax benefits
tax due
tax incentive
tonnage tax
VAT
vessel
Recent News
Amendments to tax treatment of intangible assets
September 11, 2020
Anti Tax Avoidance Directive (ATAD) – Hybrid mismathes
September 11, 2020
Anti Tax Avoidance Directive (ATAD) – Exit Taxation
September 10, 2020
LegalTerms of use
Privacy Policy
Follow Us
Linkedin
Copyright © 2020 N. Constantinou & Co Audit Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Home
About us
Why Us?
Services
International Companies
NEWS
Contact