http://www.sullivangift.com/customer-service/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Because we respect your right to privacy, Sullivan, Inc. has developed the following Privacy Statement.
This is the website of Sullivan, Inc. We are located at 3101 No. 4th Avenue in Sioux Falls, South Dakota 57104. You may also contact us through our e-mail address, info@sullivangift.com, or call us at 1-800-456-4568 or 1-605-339-4274.
Sullivan, Inc. is a wholesale only business. Our website is secured and interested retail accounts who wish to order from Sullivan, Inc. may apply to be a customer. After your application is received and approved, you may place orders immediately on-line.
Information We Collect
In order to better provide you with our services, we collect two types of information about our users: Personally Identifiable Information and Non- Personally Identifiable Information. Our primary goal in collecting information from you is to provide you with a smooth, efficient and customized experience while using our site and services.
Personally Identifiable Information: This refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who you are. We do not collect any Personally Identifiable Information unless you voluntarily provide it to us. When applying for a Sullivan account, we will need to collect your name, phone number, physical address, e-mail address, telephone and facsimile numbers, if applicable, and certain statistical information in order to process your application and better serve your future needs as a customer. If you do not provide the information necessary for us to provide a particular service or to perform a particular activity, we may not be able to comply with your request.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information: This refers to information that does not by itself identify a specific individual. We gather certain information about you based upon where you visit on our Site in several ways. This information is compiled and analyzed on both a personal and an aggregated basis. This information may include the Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) of the web site you just came from, which URL you go to next, what browser you are using, and your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address.
Cookies: A Cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies only to store a unique identifier number that is used for on-line services. No personal, individual identifying information is ever stored in our cookies. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site may be limited.
Our Use and Disclosure of Your Information
We will primarily use your Personally Identifiable Information to provide our services to you, including:
Notifying our customers on application approvals, order status and shipping information.
Providing you with any requested information on your order or other company information.
Announcing upcoming promotions, sending periodic mailings on new products, providing information on upcoming events, and other information we feel is of interest to our customers.
Troubleshooting any problems or resolving disputes.
We do not sell, trade, or rent your Personally Identifiable Information to others. We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information upon receipt of a court order, subpoena, or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation or to verify policies governing website laws and to protect against misuse. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful.
Stopping Information
If you do not wish to receive e-mail, written correspondence, or telephone contact from our company, you may contact us via e-mail, in writing, or by calling to request that you be dropped from these lists at any time. This request will not affect communications regarding orders placed with us or information regarding these orders.
Linking to Third Party Websites
Sullivan, Inc. has no links to any third party websites except MapQuest, UPS and FedEx. If a third party has linked to our website without permission, we cannot be held responsible for any actions of that website or its contents.
Security
All credit card information is secured using a standard encryption technology. The encrypted data is transferred over FTPS and is stored at a secured site over SSL. For further security on all accounts, each approved customer can be provided with their own User ID and password. Even though we use encryption and updated technology to secure all information, no data transmission can be guaranteed 100% secure over the Internet or any wireless network.
Minors
We do not knowingly collect, use or disclose Personally Identifiable Information about visitors that are under 18 years of age.
Policy Changes
Sullivan, Inc. reserves the right to modify or amend this Privacy Statement at any time without prior notice. We will post all changes to the Privacy Statement on our website. Modifications and amendments will apply to all past and current users and replace all prior policies. Sullivan, Inc.’s privacy policy is effective September 1, 2010.
Scroll to top
Close
Sign In