https://www.b2gmarket.com/doc/privacy.cfm
User ID:  Password:Stay sign
Friday, December 11
Privacy
Thank you for visiting B2gmarket. B2gmarket is committed to honoring the privacy of our members and visitors. This privacy policy covers personally identifiable information shared through B2gmarket's Service.
What information does B2gmarket receive and how do we use it?
When you register for B2gmarket, we ask you for your name, contact information, business preferences, and credit card information, in some cases. This information lets us provide personalized services and communicate separately with you. We also use aggregated information about the use of our services to evaluate our users' preferences and improve our programming. Like most websites, we use small bits of data called cookies stored on users' computers to simulate a continuous connection. Cookies let us "remember" information about your preferences and allow you to move within our Service without reintroducing yourself. Recent versions of B2gmarket's browsers let you easily see and control cookies.
May I choose what information I disclose?
There is certain information we need to register you as a unique user and let you access personalized services, such as My B2gmarket and B2gmarket Daily Email. Other requested information is optional and may be given at your discretion.
May I choose what communications I receive?
When you register, you will be given the option of either receiving or not receiving the B2gmarket Daily Email. Also, occasionally, B2gmarket sends out an email to B2gmarket members to inform them of changes or introduce new features. You can elect not to receive communications from us or from other parties, either when you register or by noting your preference in response to communications from us.
What if I need to review or change the personal information I previously disclosed?
We encourage B2gmarket members to update and edit their personal information and keep it current. You can easily correct or update your personal information at any time by visiting your account management section at My B2gmarket and make necessary changes.
What kind of security is used to protect my information?
We store all user information in secure databases protected via a variety of access controls. Access to this data is limited to a minimum number of employees and this data is accessed only for the purposes specified in this privacy statement.
Who has access to my information?
We do not share personally identifiable data with other companies (apart from those acting as our agents in providing our Service to you, who agree to use it only for that purpose), except as necessary to fulfill a transaction you have requested, or unless you otherwise give us permission to do so. B2gmarket may also share such information in response to legal process, such as a court order or subpoena.
What about other companies featured on B2gmarket?
You may separately agree to provide your information to other companies who provide content for various parts of our Service, in order to use their services or receive offers from them. If you agree to provide information to these companies, that information will be subject to their privacy policies.
Who can I contact if I have any questions regarding my privacy?
Please contact our customer support team with any questions or comments. For general information regarding privacy you can visit TRUSTe, BBB Online, or the Federal Trade Commission.
HOME |
ABOUT B2GMARKET |
OUR CLIENTS |
SUPPORT |
TERMS OF	USE |
PRIVACY POLICY |
SITE MAP |
TOOLS |
CONTACT US |
Government Contracts
© Copyright 2002-2020 B2gmarket.com. All rights reserved.
Lufex,	Inc, 1000 Peachtree Industrial Blvd, Suite 6 #477, Suwanee, GA 30024