https://www.marlow.com/global-cookie-policy
Careers
Contact Us
0 Items
Home / About Us / Legal / Cookies
II-VI INCORPORATED GLOBAL COOKIE POLICY
The websites (“Sites”) provided by II-VI Incorporated and its subsidiaries (collectively, “II-VI”, “we”, “us”, “ours”, “II-VI Group Entities”) use cookies and other tracking technologies (“Cookies”).  This II-VI Incorporated Cookie Policy (the “Policy”) explains how we use Cookies and describes what options you may have regarding those Cookies. This Policy is limited to II-VI’s use of Cookies only in connection with the Sites owned and controlled by us.  Please note that we have a separate II-VI Incorporated Global Privacy Notice which can be accessed at https://ii-vi.com/privacy/.
What Are Cookies?
Cookies are small electronic data text files, typically consisting of letters and numbers, placed on your computer, tablet, phone, or other electronic device, when you employ that device to visit a website.
Below is a list of the different types of Cookies we may use on our Sites:
Essential Cookies:  These Cookies are required for the operation of our Sites, including to enable you to log into any secure areas of our Sites and to move around the Sites and use their features. Disabling these Cookies can encumber the Sites’ performance and may make certain features and services unavailable.
Analytics and Customization Cookies:  These Cookies allow us to analyze activities on our Sites and on other sites where we post content in order to improve and optimize the way our Sites work. We may use these types of Cookies to ensure that visitors can easily find the information they are looking for on our Sites. One way we do this is to recognize and count the number of visitors and see how they move around our Site as they are browsing.
Functionality Cookies: These Cookies are used to recognize you when you return to our Sites. This enables us to personalize our content for you and remember your preferences, including, for example, your choice of language or geographic location.
Advertising Cookies:  These Cookies record your online activities, including your visits to our Sites, the pages you have browsed, and the links you have clicked. One reason we use Advertising Cookies is to help make the content displayed on our Sites more relevant to you. Another purpose is to allow us to deliver advertisements or other communications to you that are customized to your apparent interests. When we do so, this also involves third parties such as publishers, data management platforms, and demand-side platforms that help to manage the data.  For example, if you look at one page on one of our Sites, we may cause an advertisement to be delivered to you on our Sites or on other sites for products and services referenced on that page or for similar products and services.
How Do We Use Cookies?
We may use Cookies for a variety of purposes, including to:
Enable you to log into any secure areas of our Sites;
Optimize your experience on our Sites;
Help us obtain information about your visits to our Sites;
Process your orders;
Analyze your visiting patterns to optimize our Sites;
Deliver advertising, communications, and content specific to your interests;
Remember your settings, language and other preferences;
Help you obtain information you are looking for;
Provide a safe and secure service for online transactions;
Measure how many people visit our Sites and how they use them in order to better understand our Sites’ audiences;
Keep our Sites running efficiently;
Provide special content, such as video and animation playback.
If you register on one of our Sites, or otherwise provide us with your personal information, we may associate that information with other information we collect from or about you, information regarding your use of our Sites, or information we receive from or about you from third parties for  data for analytics purposes.
In some cases, we may use Cookies to collect information that is personally identifiable or that can become personally identifiable if we combine it with other information. In such instances, the II-VI Incorporated Global Privacy Notice located at https://ii-vi.com/privacy/ will apply in addition to this Policy.
How Long Do Cookies Stay On My Device?
Some Cookies operate from the time you visit our Sites to the end of that particular web browsing session. These Cookies expire and are automatically deleted when you close your browser. These Cookies are known as “session” Cookies.
Some Cookies will stay on your device between browsing sessions — they do not expire when you close your browser. These Cookies are called “persistent” Cookies. The length of time a persistent Cookie stays on your device varies from Cookie to Cookie. We use persistent Cookies for a variety of purposes.  Persistent Cookies allow us to store your preferences so that they are available for the next visit and to keep a more accurate account of how often you visit our Sites and how your use of the Sites may vary over time.
Who Puts The Cookies On My Device?
Cookies may be placed on your device by II-VI as the Site operator. These Cookies are called “first party” Cookies. Some Cookies may be placed on your device by a party other than us. These Cookies are called “third party” Cookies. For example, a II-VI service provider may place a third-party Cookie to enable data analytic services for us.
How Do I Manage Cookies?
You can decide whether or not to accept Cookies. When you first come to our Sites, a pop-up dialog box will appear which gives you the option at that time to accept or reject the different types of Cookies, You can always change your preferences afterwards through your browser’s settings. Most Internet browsers allow some control of most Cookies through the browser settings.  Please note that if you use your browser settings to block all Cookies you may not be able to access parts of our Sites.  For information on how to adjust the Cookies settings on your browser, you must check your browser’s website.  You can also use a browser plug-in which adds extra capabilities to your browser.
How Does II-VI Respond To A Do Not Track Signal?
A Do Not Track signal is a browser setting that requests a web application database to disable its tracking of an individual user.  When you choose to turn on the Do Not Track signal in your browser (if supported), your browser sends a special signal to websites, analytics companies, ad networks, plug in providers, and other web services you encounter while browsing to stop tracking your activity.  At present, there is no consensus on how the companies you encounter should interpret a Do Not Track signal.  As a result, most sites do not currently change their practices when they receive a Do Not Track signal.  Like other sites, currently, our Sites do not function differently based on a user’s Do Not Track signal, and we do not respond to Do Not Track signals.
Does II-VI Protect My Privacy?
II-VI Group Entities are committed to protecting your privacy as set forth in our Global Privacy Notice: https://ii-vi.com/privacy/.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about how we use Cookies, you can contact our II-VI GDPR Coordinator:
By mail at:
II-VI IncorporatedCorporate Offices5000 Ericsson Drive, Suite 300Warrendale, PA 15086Attn:  II-VI GDPR CoordinatorBy email at:
privacy@ii-vi.com
Please include your contact information, the name of the II-VI Site you visited, and a detailed description of your request.
Issued:  May 25, 2018