http://www.angelforum.org/about/privacy_policy
Join Now
Login
About
Sponsors and Supporters
Community Partners
Partner Funds
Privacy Policy
Angel Investors
Why Join?
Join Angel Forum
Companies
Criteria
Companies 2020
April
May
June
September
October
Events
2020 -2021 Event Overview
Community Virtual Meet Up - Company Application
Dec. 9 - Community Virtual Meet-Up
Jan. 14 - Community Virtual Meet-Up
Jan. 21 - Exits Webinar
Feb. 11 - Community Virtual Meet-Up
Feb. 25 - Due Diligence Webinar
Mar. 11 - Community Virtual Meet-Up
Mar. 25 - Board & Governance Webinar
Greg Smith Award
Blogs
Privacy Policy:
Your personal privacy is as important to us as it is to you. To help protect your privacy, Annesley Financial Inc. doing business as the Angel Forum, has adopted the following privacy principles:
Recognition of Your Expectation of Privacy: We recognize that you expect privacy and security for your personal and business affairs. We understand the need to safeguard sensitive information about you that you have entrusted to us. We maintain standards and procedures designed to prevent misuse of this information.
Collection, Retention and Use of Information:  We collect, retain and use information about you only when we reasonably believe that it will help administer our business or provide products, services and other opportunities to you. We collect and retain information about you only for specific business purposes and we will tell you why we are collecting and retaining it on your request. We use information to comply with certain laws and regulations; to help us design or improve our products and services; to understand your business needs so that we can offer you with quality products and superior service; and to protect and administer your records if you are our client.
Cookies etc.: The Angel Forum website uses cookies, tracking pixels and related technologies. Cookies are small data files that are served by our platform and stored on your device. Our site uses cookies dropped by third parties, for a variety of purposes including to operate and personalize or us the website. Also, cookies may also be used to track how you use the site to target ads to you on other websites.
Limiting Employee Access to Information:  We have procedures that limit employee access to personally identifiable information to those employees with a business need to know such information about you.  We take appropriate disciplinary measures to enforce employee privacy responsibilities.
Security Procedures to Protect Information: We maintain security standards and procedures to help prevent unauthorized access to confidential information about you. Our technology is updated and tested to improve the protection of our information about you and to assure the integrity of our information.
Restrictions on Disclosing Information to Outside Parties:  We do not reveal specific information about you or other personally identifiable data to outside parties for their independent use unless: (a) you request or authorize it; (b) the disclosure otherwise is lawfully permitted or required. Sometimes it is necessary to provide personally identifiable information about you to an outside party, such as to a vendor or service company that we hire to provide support or services for one or more of our products or services. These vendors and service companies agree to safeguard confidential information about you and must abide by applicable law.
Modification of Privacy Policy:  We may revise this Privacy Policy at any time without notice but will publish the modified policy for your review on our website. By using or continuing to use this website you are consenting to the then current version of this Privacy Policy.
If you have any concerns or questions, please email us at: irene@angelforum.org
dated: October 23, 2015
Copyright ©2018 Vancouver Angel Forum. All rights reserved.
×Close
Log In
Email:
Password:
Forgot your password?
Log In
Not a member? Sign up.