http://www.unilock.com/privacy-policy/
Home Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
When you visit Unilock’s web site, we will not collect any personally identifiable information about you (such as your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address) unless you provide it to us voluntarily.
1.  General
Unilock® respects the privacy of every individual who visits our web site or otherwise provides his or her personal information to us in the course of his or her dealings with us. This Privacy Policy applies to our web site and all other means by which Unilock collects your personal information.
This Privacy Policy outlines the information Unilock will collect and how we will use, disclose and otherwise manage that information. This Privacy Policy will also instruct you on how you can verify the accuracy of your personally identifiable information submitted to Unilock through our web site or by other means and how you can request that we delete your personally identifiable information from our databases.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, “Unilock” means Unilock Chicago, Inc., Unilock Michigan, Inc., Unilock New York, Inc., Unilock Ohio, Inc., Unilock, Inc., Unilock Ltd., Hengestone Holdings, Inc. and their respective affiliates.
Our web site may contain links to other web sites. We have no control over the privacy practices or the content of any of our business partners or other third party sites to which we provide links from our site. You should check the applicable privacy policy of the web site sponsor when linking to other web sites.
2.  Personally Identifiable Information
When you visit Unilock’s web site, we will not collect any personally identifiable information about you (such as your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address) unless you provide it to us voluntarily.
3.  Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information
We may request that you voluntarily supply us with personally identifiable information, including your name, e-mail address, postal address, home or work telephone number, for purposes such as correspondence, surveys, promotional events, contests, seminars, workshops, product updates or in connection with your requests for information about our products or services, catalogs, or warranty or other services (for instance, a request for an estimate from one of our authorized contractors). If you choose to give us personally identifiable information via the Internet or by other means that we or our business partners may need to correspond with you, it is our intent to let you know ahead of time either through this Privacy Policy or at the time we are collecting the personal information, why that personal information is being collected and how we will use and disclose such information.
Unilock may store and process personally identifiable information about you to better understand your needs and how we may improve our products and services and develop new products and services, and we may use your personally identifiable information to contact you, to provide information, products or services requested by you, to administer any promotions, contests, seminars, workshops or other events in which you have chosen to participate, to meet legal or regulatory requirements, and/or for any other identified purpose for which it has been collected.
We do not use personal identifying information for any reason that is not disclosed either in this Privacy Policy or at the time the information is requested. We will not send e-mail to you unless you request information or a particular service, or consent to being contacted by e-mail. There are instances where you will have the opportunity to subscribe to an e-mail list that will send information about the site, our products, services or our advertisers to your e-mail address, but this will be done only with your permission and consent and in such instances you will have the opportunity the “opt-out” or unsubscribe.
Unilock will not give, trade, rent or sell your personally identifiable information to any outside organization for that organization’s own independent use without your consent, unless required to be disclosed by law or court order or as part of the sale, assignment or other transfer of all or substantially all of our business or assets. Your personal information may be shared with agents or contractors of Unilock in connection with services that these individuals or entities perform for Unilock, in which case we use contractual or other appropriate means to ensure that your personal information is used and protected in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. Your personal information may also be shared within the Unilock corporate family for our internal business purposes in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Personal information collected by Unilock may be collected, stored and/or processed or otherwise used by or on behalf of Unilock inside or outside of Canada and/or the United States and, as a result, your personal information may be accessible to law enforcement, courts and governmental or regulatory authorities in accordance with the laws of these jurisdictions.
By choosing to provide us with your personal information you are consenting to its collection, use and disclosure in accordance with the principles outlined in this Privacy Policy and as may be further outlined at the time of collection. You may notify us at any time that you wish to withdraw or change your consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information and we will use reasonable efforts to accommodate your request subject to any legal and contractual restrictions. Although you can you use our web site for some purposes without providing us with any personal information, we may need personal information about you to provide some information, products or services; therefore, if you withdraw or do not provide your consent to use and disclose this personal information, we may no longer be able to provide you with the information, products or services you request.
4.  Security
Unilock is committed to keeping secure the data you provide us and will take reasonable precautions (including administrative, technical and physical measures) to protect your personally identifiable information from loss, theft, misuse or unauthorized access, disclosure or alteration. Agents or contractors of Unilock who have access to your personally identifiable information in connection with providing services for Unilock are required to keep the information confidential and are not permitted to use this information for any other purpose than to carry out the services they are performing for Unilock.
5.  Non-Personally-Identifiable Information Collected Automatically
In some cases, we may collect information about you that is not personally identifiable. Examples of this type of information include the type of Internet browser or computer operating system you are using and the domain name of the web site from which you linked to our site. In addition, when you view our web site, we may store some information on your computer. This information will be in the form of a “cookie” or similar file and will help us in many ways. A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive, pass on a computer virus, or capture your e-mail address. For example, cookies allow us to tailor a web site or advertisement to better match your interests and preferences. Cookies can securely store a user’s password, personalize home pages, and identify which parts of a site have been visited. Our cookies may collect your domain name and track your selections through our web pages. We only use “cookies” to gather the information indicated in this Policy and do not use cookies to gather personal identifying information about you without your consent. Most Internet browsers enable you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions. Unilock does not collect personally identifiable information automatically, but we may tie information collected automatically to your previously submitted personally identifiable information.
We may perform statistical analyses of aggregate user behavior. This allows us to measure relative consumer interest in the various areas of our web sites for product development purposes. Any information we collect is used for our own internal purposes to improve the content of our web sites, to enhance users’ experiences when visiting our sites, to customize the content and/or layout of our pages, and to provide the services required by an individual user.
6.  Contacting Us Regarding Your Personally Identifiable Information
If you have submitted personally-identifiable information through a Unilock website or by other means and would like to have that information deleted from our marketing databases, please contact us. We will then use reasonable efforts to remove your personally identifiable information from our files. You may also contact us to request, verify, update or correct the personally identifiable information that Unilock has collected about you through its websites, interactive advertisements or other means. Unilock will use reasonable efforts to supply you with this information and correct any factual inaccuracies in this information. To correct inaccuracies in your personal contact information email us at privacy@unilock.com. All other inquiries or concerns related to our Privacy Policy and practices should be made to Unilock at:
Mail: 401 The West Mall, Suite 610, Toronto, Ontario M9C 5J5
Attention: Privacy Officer
Telephone: 416-646-5180
Email: privacy@unilock.com
7.  Use of Materials
The right to download and store or output the materials in our site is granted for your personal non-commercial use only in accordance with the site’s Terms of Use (click here to see Unilock’s Terms of Use), and materials may not be reproduced in any edited form. Any other reproduction, transmission, performance, display or editing of these materials by any means, mechanical or electronic, without the express written permission of Unilock is strictly prohibited. If you wish to request permission to reprint or reproduce any materials appearing on our web site, you may contact us at unilock@unilock.com.
8.  Changes to the unilock.com Privacy Policy
Unilock may make changes to this Policy at any time without notice to you. Any revised Privacy Policy will be posted on this page. For this reason, we encourage you to review our Privacy Policy whenever you use this site.
Last updated: Oct. 25th, 2010
Enter your city and state
City
- Select Province/State -
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
----------------
Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan
Yukon
Save
Thank youWe have received your inquiry
You are leaving the Homeowners version of unilock.com
You can return any time by using the sub-menu at the top of your screen.
Cancel
OK
Email Results
Email sent successfully
Send to
You have entered an invalid email address!
Server error. Try again.
Send
Sending...
Welcome to UnilockPlease tell us who you are, so we can tailor
our website to serve you better.
are you a:
Contractor
Homeowner
Architect/Engineer
Builder