https://www.iubenda.com/privacy-policy/64151284
Privacy Policy of www.meritpharm.com
This Website collects some Personal Data from its Users.
Personal Data collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Analytics
Google Analytics
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Displaying content from external platforms
Google Fonts
Personal Data: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Gravatar
Personal Data: email address; Usage Data
Interaction with data collection platforms and other third parties
Mailchimp widget
Personal Data: Cookies; email address
Interaction with live chat platforms
Chatra
Registration and authentication provided directly by this Website
Direct registration
Personal Data: address; billing address; city; company name; Cookies; country; county; email address; phone number
Further information about Personal Data
Lucky Orange Web Analytics Service
This site uses the Lucky Orange analytics system to help improve usability and the customer experience. Lucky Orange may record mouse clicks, mouse movements and scrolling activity. Lucky Orange may record keystroke information that you voluntarily enter on this website. Lucky Orange does not track this activity on any site that does not use the Lucky Orange system. To view and manage data that Lucky Orange has collected about you on the LuckyOrange.com website, or to opt out of future tracking please visit our data privacy management tool.View Data Management Tool at https://privacy.luckyorange.com/.See Lucky Orange's full privacy policy at https://www.luckyorange.com/privacy.php.
Selling goods and services online
The Personal Data collected are used to provide the User with services or to sell goods, including payment and possible delivery.
The Personal Data collected to complete the payment may include the credit card, the bank account used for the transfer, or any other means of payment envisaged. The kind of Data collected by this Website depends on the payment system used.
Contact information
Owner and Data Controller
Merit Healthcare International Inc.
2611 N. San Fernando Road, Los Angeles, CA 90065 USA
Owner contact email: solutions@meritpharm.com
Latest update: July 22, 2020
iubenda hosts this content and only collects the Personal Data strictly necessary for it to be provided.
Show the complete Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy generated with
Generate yours