http://www.kennedywilson.com/cookie-policy
Skip to main content
Home
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookies
Cookies are small text files placed on your computer when you visit our website if you agree.
Our website uses different types of cookies. These cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users of the website which helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. We may also share information about your use of our site with our services providers, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. By using our website you are confirming you are happy to accept the use of cookies.
The types of cookies that we use and the purposes for which they are used are listed below:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are essential to enabling your use of our website and its features and include, for example, cookies that enable you to log in to secure areas of the website.
Analytics/ performance cookies. We use Google Analytics cookies to collect information in an anonymous form and allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users find what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognize you when you return to the website. This enables us to personalize content for you and remember your account preferences.
Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to the website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. This information is to make the website and any advertising that may be displayed on it more relevant to your interests.
Marketing cookies. Google Analytics ‘collect’ and doubleclick.net ‘r/collect’ cookies may be used to track visitors across websites and devices.
YouTube cookies. We embed some videos from YouTube using YouTube’s privacy-enhanced mode. This mode may set cookies on your computer once you click on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced mode. Read more at YouTube’s embedding videos information page.
Managing and Deleting Cookies
You can monitor, disable and delete cookies from your browser. To delete or stop cookies being placed on your computer, refer to the help menu on your web browser. Please note if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our website, or it may impact on the usability of the site. For further information on how to do this, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
×
Contact
Name
Email
Phone
Organization
Subject
Message
Send message
Contact
Kennedy Wilson
151 S. El Camino Dr.
Beverly Hills, CA 90212
Phone: +1 (310) 887-6400
Fax: +1 (310) 887-3410
CONTACT US
Explore Kennedy Wilson
Multifamily
Commercial
Investments
Loans
News
Europe
Europe
About Us
Portfolio
News
Bond Investors
Quick Links
Locations
Careers
Legal
Cookie Policy
Privacy Notice
KWE Tenant Privacy Notice