http://www.netsrvcs.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Home>Privacy Policy
Information We Collect
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address or other details to help you with your experience. We collect information from you when you register on our site, fill out a form or enter information on our site.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
How We Protect Your Information
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
Cookies and Other Website Security Considerations
We do not use cookies for tracking purposes
Sharing Your Information
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website, and we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking.
Children's Privacy Protection
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online. We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Questions or Concerns
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us at info@netsrvcs.com.
Web site design and development by Americaneagle.com, Inc.
© 2020 NetServices, Inc. - All Rights Reserved.
Close