http://www.regulatormarine.com/footer-pages/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
POLICY JURISDICTION
This "Privacy Policy" sets forth our general privacy policy for the United States and other jurisdictions not otherwise specifically covered by the jurisdiction-specific policies for Canada and the European Union (EU). This  Privacy Policy also applies to citizens of European Union Member States and Canada, except where the provisions of this Privacy Policy and the EU or Canadian Policy cannot be construed consistently, then the applicable provisions of the respective EU or Canadian Policy will govern. Citizens of EU Member States and citizens of Canada should see privacy policy provisions under the separate links below which are specific to them.
OUR COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
Regulator Marine, Inc. ("Regulator") is sensitive to privacy issues on the Internet. This Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us or we collect during your visits to our Web site (the "Site") or through product registration cards, surveys, call centers, or other customer contacts.
Note that this Privacy Policy contains several important exceptions, most notably, Regulator reserves the right to use and disclose information to identify and/or pursue persons who are under criminal investigation or who damage, or may damage, our information or other resources. Please read this entire Privacy Policy to be sure that you understand these exceptions.
We take your privacy seriously in order to maintain your trust in Regulator, and in our products and services.
YOUR CONSENT
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. You are responsible for checking this Privacy Policy when you visit our Site to review the current version of this Privacy Policy. By using this Site, you agree to our use of the information we collect about you as set forth in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you should cease use of this Site immediately. Last Update August 31, 2017.
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND WHY
Types of Information. You may visit this Site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. When you visit our Site, purchase our products, contact our call centers, or participate in promotions or surveys you may provide us with these types of information:
Personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis or provided by an authorized Regulator dealer as part of your purchase, and
Site use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our Site, and
Information collected through the use of Cookies.
Personal Information
Personal information includes email address, first and last name, home or other physical address, telephone numbers, and other demographic information. For example, when a user orders a brochure online or completes a survey, the user voluntarily provides information about his current boat ownership, purchase plans and boating preferences. This information is used for market analyses, targeted direct-mail campaigns, and follow-up mailings. Regulator, our authorized dealers, and any marketing consultants responsible for mailings receive this user information.
Site Use Information
Our servers collect the following Web site use information: the domain names, operating system in use (e.g., Macintosh, Windows), browser (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer), and the web site that referred you to us. This information is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the Site, pages viewed, time and date of visits, and other similar information. Regulator uses this information to measure the use of our Site and to improve the content of our Site.
Use of Your Personal Information
Regulator does not sell, share, transfer or otherwise disclose personal information to third parties, except to our marketing providers, our authorized dealers, sister companies (affiliates), partners, and their marketing providers (collectively, the "Regulator Affiliates"), all of which have comparable levels of privacy protection, or where we reasonably believe that disclosure is required by law. We may have agreements with Regulator Affiliates to provide specific services for you. When you request or use such services, we may share personal information with the Regulator Affiliates. In such cases, we will use good faith efforts to restrict the information provided to the information necessary for the provision of such services and limit any other use of the information. Consequently, we may transfer your information to countries throughout the world wherever we or such Regulator Affiliates conduct business. We may additionally use, store, disclose or otherwise process the personal information you provide for any of the following purposes:
to understand the use of our Site and make improvements;
to respond to specific requests or inquiries from Site visitors or to our customers;
to obtain parental consent from visitors under 18 years of age, where necessary;
to provide any necessary notices to our visitors or their parent or guardian;
to protect the security or integrity of our Site when necessary;
to send you notices, promotions, and solicitations regarding the Site and products and services;
to provide exclusive benefit packages to our customers;
to provide product notifications from Regulator or as required by the Federal Boat Safety Act;
to provide product and marketing surveys to determine your present and future needs;
to aid in providing customer service or warranty assistance; and/or
to send brochures, catalogs, and other marketing materials.
We or our hosting provider may also share aggregated demographic information with our users, our affiliated organizations, and other organizations with which we do, or contemplate doing, business. Such information is aggregated and is not linked to any information that can identify individual users.
Cookies
Like many companies, we may use "cookies" on our website. Cookies are bits of text that are placed on your computer's hard drive when you visit certain websites. We use cookies dropped by us or third parties for a variety of purposes. We use cookies to tell us, for example, whether you have visited us before or if you are a new visitor and to help us identify site features in which you may have the greatest interest. Cookies may enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular site. Also, cookies may also be used to track how you use the site to target ads to you on other websites.
Most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable existing cookies. Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of all our website features.