https://www.medicalmutual.com/privacy
Privacy Policy Respecting your information
In addition to assets and reputations, we protect your information.
Copyright
Medical Mutual Insurance Company of Maine (MMIC) is the sole owner of the information collected on this site.
As the sole owner, we will not sell, share, or rent this information to others, except as is specifically noted and disclosed in this statement.
Security
This site has security measures in place to guard against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Information of a sensitive nature is collected via a secure web server using encryption technology.
To view the Secure Server Certification click on the lock icon
at the lower portion of the web browser.
Due to the rapid evolution of technology and the inherent nature of the Internet, MMIC cannot guarantee the security of information transmitted over the Internet or by e-mail.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving email communications from us. This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our email database, discontinuing future email communications:
Contact MMIC by e-mail at info@medicalmutual.com
Telephone (207) 775-2791
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, please contact:
Mark McGhie
Medical Mutual Insurance Company of Maine
PO Box 15275
Portland, Maine 04112-5275
(207) 775-2791
webmaster@medicalmutual.com
Information Collection and Use
Automatically Collected Information
MMIC collects and temporarily stores certain technical information about your visit to our web site for use in site management and for security purposes.
This information includes:
The Internet domain from which you access our web site;
The IP address (a unique number for each computer connected to the Internet) from which you access our Web site;
The type of browser (e.g. Netscape, Internet Explorer) used to access our site;
The operating system (Windows, Unix) used to access our site;
The date and time you access our site;
The URLs of the pages you visit; and
If you visited this site from another web site, the URL of the other site
The above information is only used to help MMIC make our site more useful for you.
With this data we learn about the number of visitors to our site and the areas of the web site the visitors use most frequently.
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no attempts are made to identify individual users based upon automatically collected information.
Voluntarily Submitted Information
At various areas of our web site, there are opportunities for visitors/insureds to voluntarily submit information to MMIC.
Visitors and insureds can submit emails to MMIC and we will respond to valid inquiries via email.
In addition, at various points in our web site, there is an opportunity for visitors and/or insureds to submit forms used to process applications and add and/or modify policies.
All voluntarily submitted information is protected in accordance with this Privacy Statement and the Freedom of Information Act.
Voluntarily submitting information via email or using our online forms constitutes your consent to our use of the information for the stated purpose and to our disclosure of the information in accordance with this policy. If you do not choose to utilize online forms, we are happy to send copies of written forms, if you provide us with your name and mailing address.
Disclosure of Personal Data to Third Parties:
MMIC may disclose personal, collected data from this web site to third parties for the following reasons:
We will provide full access to our web site and collected data for authorized state and federal law enforcement investigations.
We will provide full access to state and federal regulators auditing our files to ensure MMIC is complying with state and federal insurance and other business-related laws.
Attorneys may be asked to provide comments on questions we receive via email or through web site and/or to provide defense for a claims matter.
Auditors, reinsurers, and actuaries may review personal, collected data during their annual review of our accounts.
If an insured utilizes the services of an agent, that insurance agent will be provided access only to that insured’s personal data.
MMIC agrees not to use the personal data collected via our web site for marketing products and/or services with third parties.
Cookies
MMIC does place Internet cookies on visitors’ hard drives.
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive, containing information about the user. Visitors may decline the Internet cookie by using the appropriate feature of their Internet browser software, if available.
However, you may not be able to access all of the website content if you decline MMIC’s cookie.
Collection of Personal Data from Children
MMIC will not collect information from children under the age of eighteen without their parent’s or guardian’s consent.
Personal information sent to MMIC, such as email, which appears to be from a child, is deleted.
MMIC does not solicit information from children; however, MMIC cannot always determine if a visitor to its site or the sender of an email is a child.
Right to Contact User
MMIC reserves the right to contact site visitors regarding account status and changes to the privacy policy, or any other policies or agreements relevant to site visitors.
Right to Change Privacy Policy
MMIC reserves the right to change this policy at any time without notice. If at some point in the future we make changes, the new policy will be posted to this site and will go into effect immediately.
Link Policy
External Links:
Some pages of our website provide links to other Internet
sites for the convenience of visitors to our website. Medical Mutual Insurance
Company of Maine
is not responsible for the availability or content of these external sites, nor
do we endorse, warrant or guarantee the products, services or information
described or offered at these other Internet sites. It is the responsibility of
the visitors to examine the copyright and licensing restrictions of linked
pages and to secure all necessary permission. Visitors cannot assume that the
external sites will abide by the same provisions as our Privacy Policy.
Links to our website:
Medical Mutual Insurance Company of Maine encourages linking to our public Web
resources. If linking to our website, please direct the link to
https://www.medicalmutual.com.
Individual pages within our public site may also link to, provided that credit is made to Medical Mutual Insurance Company of Maine and any
descriptive notes accurately reflect the content of the page being linked to.
Why Medical Mutual
About Us
Claims
Insurance
Risk Management
HOW CAN WE HELP?
207.775.2791
Toll free
1.800.942.2791
Terms
Privacy Policy
Contact:
Phone: 207.775.2791
Toll Free: 1.800.942.2791
Email: info@medicalmutual.com