https://www.panamenv.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policyadmin2019-05-02T14:42:19+00:00
May, 1 2019
Pan America Environmental, Inc. is concerned with privacy issues and has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy.
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site.
Our servers automatically record your URL, IP address, browser type and language, and the date and time of your access of our website to determine the origin and nature of our site traffic. We do not use cookies with our websites.
When you send us an email (whether from our request form or your direct email) the information and subject matter is kept private for our own in house use and your local PAE representative for use with your requests and projects. We do not share, sell or disseminate your information with any other outside entities. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings from us via email by clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of each email we send. Or you can send an email to panam@panamenv.com and ask to be removed from our e-mail list.
We value your privacy as much as we value our own. We will never sell, rent or otherwise distribute any of our customer’s personal, contact or financial information.
This site may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Policy Changes
This Privacy Policy may be up-dated, modified or changed. Your rights under this Policy will not change and we expect such changes to be infrequent and minor.
Each version of this Policy will be identified at the top of the page by its effective date, and we will also keep previous, offline copies of this policy archived for your review upon the asking.
If you have any additional questions or concerns about this Policy, please feel free to contact us any time through this web site or at Pan America Environmental, Inc. 2309 N. Ringwood Rd., Ste G McHenry, IL 60050 USA.