https://www.performanceprograms.com/privacy-policy/
Contact Us
About Us
RESOURCES
Training
Self Assessments
Shop
Cart
Sitemap
0 Items
Last updated: 3/29/2018
Privacy Notice
Our Commitment to Privacy: Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we have made it available on every page of our website in the footer section.
The Information We Collect: This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the PerformancePrograms.com site as well as other sites operated directly by Performance Programs, Inc. On some pages, you can order products, make requests/inquiries, and register to receive newsletters. The types of personal information collected through these pages depends on the transaction and may include:
Name, Address, Email address, Phone number, Credit/Debit Card Information
We collect credit card information for billing purposes only. We use security techniques, including encryption and secure servers, to protect against unauthorized access to transmitted information used for billing purposes. Performance Programs does not store, use or share credit card information for any other purpose.
The Way We Use Information: We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can send us an email/inquiry and request to receive our newsletters, which are send 2-3 times / year.  We do not share your email or name with outside parties. We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website. We never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment to Data Security: We are very much aware of Internet users’ concerns about security. Performance Programs, Inc. takes technical, contractual, administrative and physical steps to protect against unauthorized access to and disclosure of individually identifiable information. These steps can include firewalls, secure socket layers (SSL) encryption, physical security, password verification, etc.
External Links: Performance Programs, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy policies of web sites to which Performance Programs, Inc web site may link or for those of any downstream linkages.
Use of Cookies?: Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as login information, and storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits.
Our Commitment to Children’s Privacy: No part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13. We do not, under any circumstances, place objectionable material on any of our web sites.
How You Can Access or Correct Your Information: If you are a registered customer, you can access all your personally identifiable information and maintain it by clicking on the secure Login link and signing in. Then click on the My Account link at the top of the shopping cart page and change your information by clicking the appropriate link. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information. You can also correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How to Contact Us: Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 1-860-388-9422 or send us an email.
General: Performance Programs, Inc. may revise the terms at any time by updating this posting. You should review this page from time to time because they are binding. Certain provisions of these terms may be superseded by expressly designated legal terms located on particular pages at this site.
E-mail Communications: If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please contact us at surveys@www.performanceprograms.com
At Performance Programs we are all about assessments!
Well-designed assessments can provide awareness, which can lead to well targeted actions that can improve performance.  We are a versatile source for HR and talent management.
PPI Inquiry
Name
Email Address
Message