http://www.ipwonline.de/ipw/En/Privacypolicy
News
All news
Manufacturer news
People news
Suppliers news
Biofibre news
Bioenergy news
Sustainability news
Contact
Subs & Service
Events
P3 News
Directory
Whitepapers
Zellcheming
Imprint
Privacy Policy
Login
Current issue
Our Partners
Privacy Policy
The protection of your personal data is very important to us. Therefore we will exclusively process your data on the basis of legal regulations (DSGVO, TMG). In this privacy policy we inform you about the most important aspects of data processing within our website. If your consent to the processing of your data is necessary, we will process them only after your explicit consent.
If you contact us via e-mail, your data will be stored for processing the request and in case of follow-up questions. We will not share this information without your consent.
By using our website you agree that we use cookies. Cookies are text files that can be stored on the computer of the visitor of a website, if allowed by the browser settings of the visitor. They serve to make our website more user-friendly, effective and secure overall. In this text files information can be written, which can be read out again at a later date. A cookie is bound to a specific domain and contains information that can later only be retrieved from this domain. Third parties may also have the option of writing cookies on our website. This is technically possible because the website you are calling incorporates functionalities into this website which are operated under the domain of the third party, for example for the purpose of displaying advertisements. All popular browsers allow you to control the setting of cookies and to set their storage duration. This generally prevents the setting of cookies on your device and shortens the storage period of cookies. If you want to control cookies on your computer, you can also choose your browser settings so that you receive a notification when a website wants to save cookies. More detailed information can be found in the Help menu of your browser or at http://www.aboutcookies.org. An evaluation of the data stored in the cookies we set does not take place.
Based on our legitimate interests (i.e., interest in the analysis, optimization, and economic operation of our online offer within the meaning of Art. 6 (1) lit. DSGVO), we use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google LLC ("Google"). Google uses cookies. The information generated by the cookie about the use of the online offer by the users are usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement which provides a guarantee to comply with European data protection laws. Google will use this information on our behalf to evaluate the use of our online offer by users, to compile reports on the activities within this online offer and to provide us with further services related to the use of this online offer and the internet usage. In this case, pseudonymous usage profiles of the users can be created from the processed data. We only use Google Analytics with activated IP anonymization. This means that the IP address of the users will be shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases the full IP address will be sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there. The IP address submitted by the user's browser will not be merged with other data provided by Google. You can prevent the storage of cookies by a corresponding setting in your browser software; in addition, you may prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the online offer as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under this link. For more information about Google's data usage, hiring and opt-out options, please refer to Google's Privacy Policy. The personal data of users will be deleted or anonymized after 14 months.
No other automated collection of personal data takes place on this website, neither through other cookies nor through the involvement of third-party web servers.
You can sign up for our newsletters on the website, this is done via a double-opt-in procedure. After registration, you will receive an e-mail requesting confirmation of your registration. Without this confirmation, subscribing to our newsletters is not possible. You can unsubscribe from the newsletter by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each newsletter. Your e-mail address will only be passed on to our commissioned processor, as far as necessary for the error-free dispatch of the newsletter. A further use does not take place.
As far as you can purchase magazine subscriptions or individual issues via our website, we store the data you have provided for the purpose of fulfilling the contract or for carrying out pre-contractual actions. A transfer to third parties only takes place if necessary for the fulfillment of the contract (for example, for the purpose of sending issues by mail) or for the fulfillment of tax or other legal obligations.
You have the rights to information, correction, deletion (as long as there is no statutory retention obligation), restriction, data portability, revocation and opposition. If you believe that the processing of your data violates data protection law or if your data protection claims have otherwise been violated in a way, you can complain to the supervisory authority. In Germany, this is the respective federal state representative for data protection.
If you have any questions, please contact us at info@ipwonline.de.
I agree with the use of cookies. Even if I continue to use this website, this is considered consent.