http://www.product-testing.com/privacy_policy.asp
Home|About PTS|Contact Us
First Name:
Last Name:
Email:
Product Testing Services (PTS) Privacy Statement
PTS is fully committed to keeping the information you share with us confidential.
We do not sell, share, or rent any personal information supplied by members of the PTS panel.
No spam
Your participation in the PTS panel will not lead to spam mail.  The only email we will send you will be what you signed up to recieve; Invitations for surveys, product tests, focus groups, samples, and/or survey sites that relate to product evaluations or surveys, or announcements from Product Testing Services
No sales or other solicitations
Your participation in the PTS panel will not lead to any sales solicitations.  Our use of your name, email address, and other information is strictly to be used for the market research purposes of our company and clients.
Registration, screening and survey information
When you register to become a PTS panel member, you are asked various questions related to demographics and interests.  When you are being considered for an invitation, you will be asked questions designed to find out if you would qualify for that particular project.  When you are selected for a project, you will be giving your feedback into a web survey.
None of this information is ever shared with any other party except in aggregate form, with no personal identifiers without your permission. Your registration does not imply such consent.
Exception:  PTS is primarily in the business of in-home or in-business placement of products for members to evaluate and give feedback about.  There will be times when clients will wish to contact you for additional feedback information specifically related to a particular project.  Typically, these contacts would occur during an evaluation process, when, for example your feedback indicates a need for further clarification or feedback. In the case of these types of projects, you will be informed during the screening process that such may be the case, thereby lending your permission.  Clients are forbidden to use such information for any purpose other than these stated, i.e., that such information will never lead to solicitations or other types of contact with you.
Updating Personal Information
To update your file or to change your email address, email your change to info@product-testing.com.
Opting out or unsubscribing from your membership by clicking on cancel below.
Does Product Testing Services use "cookies" or pixel "tags"?
Cookies are bits of electronic information that a website can transfer to a visitor's hard drive to help tailor and keep records of his or her visit to the site. Cookies allow website operators to better customize a site to your individual preferences.
The use of cookies is standard on the Internet and most major websites use them. We may use cookies to help provide you with a better experience on our site; however, we do not store personally identifying information in cookies.
Like many Web sites, Product-Testing may also use pixel tags, also known as beacons, spotlight tags or web bugs, to improve our understanding of site traffic, visitor behavior, and response to promotional campaigns, as a supplement to our server logs and other methods of traffic and response measurement.
We may also implement pixel tags provided by other companies, and limit the collection of information for the same purpose. We do not store personally identifying information in pixel tags.
Questions
If you have any further questions regarding the PTS privacy, please contact us.
Join|
Members|
About|
Contact|
FAQ|
Terms and Conditions|
Privacy Policy|
Cancel
© Product Testing Services 1985-2014
website designers: cazarin interactive