http://www.heli.com/about-bristow/company-legal-statements/
Efficient Vertical Flight Solutions
Bristow Group is the leader in global vertical flight solutions offering helicopter offshore oil & gas transportation and search and rescue (SAR) services to civil and government organizations worldwide. Who We Are
Latest News & Feature Articles
Latest News
Latest Feature Articles
Nov 4, 2020 • 4:15 PM EST
Bristow Group Reports Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Results
View Press Release
Oct 28, 2020 • 4:15 PM EDT
Bristow Group Announces Fiscal Year 2021 Second Quarter Earnings Release Call
View Press Release
Oct 1, 2020 • 4:05 PM EDT
Bristow Group to Participate in Deutsche Bank’s 28th Annual Leveraged Finance Conference
View Press Release
View All
Dec 7, 2020
Bristow Wastewater Treatment Plant Protects the Environment
View Article
Nov 5, 2020
Seven Storms Keeps Bristow Team Busy in Louisiana
View Article
Aug 5, 2020
Alan Corbett: Maintain the Highest Safety Standards
View Article
View All
Connect with Us
Premier Worldwide Transportation Services
We have the capabilities to meet your most complex requirements.
Offshore oil and gas transportation
Search and rescue (SAR)
Wind
Aircraft support services to government and civil organizations
View Our Services
Flight Status Mobile App
The Bristow Flight Status mobile app is available for Apple iPhones and iPads as well as devices using the Android operating system. Users can go to the Apple app store or the Android Google Play store and search for Bristow, or use the following links:
Check Your Flight Status
We’re a ‘Safety First’ Company
Bristow ensures the highest safety standards are followed at all times. We own safety and know what it takes to work as a team to deliver on our Target Zero commitment. Our Target Zero safety actions form a continuous circle of recognizing hazards, making good decisions and sharing information with others so they can do the same. These simple actions when used across our workforce help us deliver on our commitment of Zero Accidents and Zero Harm to people and is something that makes each of us proud to be Bristow!
Putting Safety First About CSR
Our Highly Flexible Fleet
Our fleet of approximately 257 aircraft is suited to meet a broad range of mission requirements featuring the latest generation of technology and safety features. We can provide small single-engine helicopters and large multi-engine helicopters.
The Leonardo AW139 provides unparalleled mission flexibility and passenger comfort with seating for 12.
The state-of-the-art 8 ton super-medium class Leonardo AW189 helicopter is designed for All Weather Day and Night, VFR/IFR certified and operates seamlessly in the harsh conditions prevalent in offshore operations.
The heavy class Sikorsky S-92 helicopter is the most advanced aircraft in Sikorsky’s civil product line, certified to the most stringent safety requirements of the FAA and EASA.
View Our Fleet