http://www.indianipoblog.in/2008/02/indian-ipo-blog-privacy-policy.html
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Home
Initial Public Offers (IPOs)
_Upcoming IPOs
_IPOs in 2020
_IPOs in 2019
_IPO Reviews
_IPO Subscription Status
_IPO Allotment Status
_Basis of Allotment
_IPO Listing Details
Powered by Blogger.
Main Menu
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Menu
Initial Public Offers (IPOs)
_Upcoming IPOs
_IPOs in 2019
_IPO Reviews
_IPO Subscription Status
_IPO Allotment Status
_Basis of Allotment
_IPO Listing Details
International IPOs
_Upcoming IPO filings
_News and updates
I am looking out for
List of Upcoming IPOs
IPO subscription status
IPO news
Learning & Basics
Articles & Opinions
Links
About
Contact
Terms & Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Mazagon Dockyard IPO Allotment Status
Mazagon Dockyard IPO Allotment Status is declared Please check link below to know more https://twitter.com/indianipoblog/status/131411087661...
Search This Blog
Join us on Whatsapp!
Subscribe to Email RSS Feeds
Subscribe To Get All The Latest Updates!
Social Media Icons
facebook
twitter
rss
instagram
Join us on social media
980+ likes
Like
345 followers
Follow
5000+ on Whatsapp
Join now
Social Media Icons
facebook
dribbble
vine
twitter
rss
delicious
bloglovin
tumblr
youtube
instagram
pinterest
About Indian IPO Blog
Indian IPO Blog features the latest news, views and happenings in the Indian IPO markets and personal finance world in general
We strive to offer the best on the latest happenings in the Indian IPO markets and stock markets in general
Indian IPO Blog has presence across social media with more than 5000 Whatsapp Members and several followers on Facebook and Twitter
Pages
Home
Recent
Sunday, February 18, 2007
Home
Privacy
Privacy Policy Statement
Privacy Policy Statement
IndianIPOBlog
February 18, 2007
Privacy,
Share This:
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Pinterest
Linkedin
Whatsapp
Indian IPO Blog Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number, PAN, Income details, Qualification or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
• To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
• To improve our website in order to better serve you.
• To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
• To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
• To quickly process your transactions.
• To ask for ratings and reviews of services or products
• To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
How do we protect your information?
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.
We only provide articles and information. We never ask for credit card numbers.
We do not use Malware Scanning.
We do not use an SSL certificate
• We only provide articles and information. We never ask for personal or private information like names, email addresses, or credit card numbers.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
• Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
• Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
• Keep track of advertisements.
• Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If users disable cookies in their browser:
If you turn cookies off, Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third-party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
• Remarketing with Google AdSense
• Google Display Network Impression Reporting
• Demographics and Interests Reporting
• DoubleClick Platform Integration
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:
• On our Privacy Policy Page
Can change your personal information:
• By chatting with us or by sending us a support ticket
• Others
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Do we let third-parties, including ad networks or plug-ins collect PII from children under 13?
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
• Within 7 business days
We will notify the users via in-site notification
• Within 7 business days
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
• Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
• Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
• Send you additional information related to your product and/or service
• Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
• Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
• Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
• Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
• Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
• Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
• Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at
indianipoblog@gmail.com and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
http://www.indianipoblog.in
India
India, Maharashtra 400092
India
indianipoblog@gmail.com
Last Edited on 2017-08-08
Tags
# Privacy
Share This:
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Pinterest
Linkedin
Whatsapp
About IndianIPOBlog
Soratemplates is a blogger resources site is a provider of high quality blogger template with premium looking layout and robust design. The main mission of soratemplates is to provide the best quality blogger templates which are professionally designed and perfectlly seo optimized to deliver best result for your blog.
Privacy
By
IndianIPOBlog
at
February 18, 2007
Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
Labels:
Privacy
No comments:
Post a Comment
Newer Post
Older Post
Home
Subscribe to:
Post Comments (Atom)
Breaking
Social
950+900+
Popular
SBI Cards IPO Allotment status
The IPO allotment status for SBI Cards IPO is declared Click link below to check now https://scipo.linkintime.co.in/mipo/   Alte...
Join Indian IPO Blog Groups on Whatsapp!
Click here to join the IndianIPOBlog Whatsapp group now!
Mazagon Dockyard IPO Allotment Status
Mazagon Dockyard IPO Allotment Status is declared Please check link below to know more https://twitter.com/indianipoblog/status/131411087661...
Do you hold Yes Bank shares? You cannot sell more than 25 percent till 3 years
The Government has notified reconstruction scheme for Yes Bank. According to the government’s notification, Yes Bank's authorised sh...
How to check allotment status of OFS?
An Offer for Sale (OFS) is a form of share sale. OFS mechanism facilitates the promoters of an already listed company to sell or dilute the...
Translate this blog
Archive
Archive
October (1)
September (1)
July (2)
March (4)
December (22)
November (11)
April (2)
March (3)
February (2)
January (2)
December (4)
September (11)
August (13)
July (20)
June (3)
May (1)
March (3)
February (7)
January (15)
December (5)
November (13)
October (15)
September (43)
August (24)
July (15)
June (27)
May (26)
April (58)
March (45)
February (41)
January (68)
December (36)
August (31)
January (2)
August (3)
May (5)
February (1)
January (1)
December (29)
November (6)
October (2)
September (10)
August (13)
July (4)
June (2)
May (10)
April (13)
March (29)
February (21)
January (39)
December (2)
November (2)
October (41)
September (85)
August (89)
July (16)
June (12)
May (65)
April (74)
March (61)
February (19)
January (63)
December (149)
November (37)
October (43)
September (106)
August (33)
July (35)
June (42)
May (47)
April (81)
March (128)
February (103)
January (94)
December (46)
November (40)
October (46)
September (50)
August (52)
July (18)
June (10)
May (3)
February (6)
January (2)
December (2)
November (2)
September (2)
August (5)
July (11)
June (48)
May (27)
April (18)
March (40)
February (92)
January (124)
December (81)
November (62)
October (20)
September (4)
August (27)
July (37)
June (2)
May (10)
April (21)
March (43)
February (16)
Newsletter
Categories
Created By SoraTemplates | Distributed By Blogger Themes