http://www.fastcap.com/content/privacy-policy
FREE Shipping at $100 *UPS Ground in the contiguous U.S.A.
My Account
Facebook
Instagram
Privacy Policy
Effective May 25, 2018
Privacy Notice Table Of Contents:
Our Commitment To Privacy
The Information We Collect
How We Use Information
Our Commitment To Data Security
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy
How To Access Or Correct Your Information
How To Contact Us
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to FastCap. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the FastCap website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages may include:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information
(etc.)
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name
Address
Phone Number
(etc.)
The Way We Use Information:
FastCap uses the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. This includes sending you emails, invoices, receipts, notices of delinquency, and alerting you if we need a different credit card number. We use third parties for secure credit card transaction processing, and those third parties collect billing information to process your orders and credit card payments. To learn more about the steps we take to safeguard that data, see the "Our Commitment to Data Security" section of this privacy policy. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive our catalog as well as updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, FastCap has put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Following are the steps FastCap takes to ensure the privacy of our customers:
We do not share or sell information that identifies our guests personally or makes it possible for other parties to contact them directly. However we may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) comply with the law or comply with legal process served on FastCap or the site; (b) protect and defend our rights or property, the site, guests or the public.
Use of 'cookies'
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites run by other organizations. This privacy policy applies only to our website‚ so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from our website.
In addition, if you linked to our website from a third party site, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners and operators of that third party site and recommend that you check the policy of that third party site.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by logging into your account online. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. Your password is encrypted, even to FastCap. So, if you forget it, please call us at 888-443-3748 and we can reset it for you.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call FastCap at 1-888-443-3748 or send us an email at info@fastcap.com.This privacy policy is adapted from the Better Business Bureau.
Paul Akers Books
Paul Akers YouTube
Cruzin Cap Website
Puka Patch Website
RAT Grips Website
Support
View FastCap Online Catalog
Locate a Distributor
International Distributors
Other Online Dealers
Video Library
Image Gallery
MSDS Sheets
Prop 65
Track your order
Please enter a PO tracking number
Go
UPS Tracking
Please enter UPS tracking number
Go
US. Pat. No. 5997229 / CAN. Pat. No. 2296099
Copyright © FastCap 2020, All Rights Reserved
FastCap Blog /
FastCap Forum /
Subscribe to Email /
Return Policy /
Privacy Policy /
Terms of Use /
Shipping Policy /
About FastCap /
Help - Contact Us
info@fastcap.com ·
+1-888-443-3748