http://www.greatinsurancejobs.com/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to main content
-->
Terms & Conditions
You may use GreatInsuranceJobs.com under the Terms and Conditions on this page. Please read this page carefully. By using our Web site and job board service, you accept the Terms and Conditions stated and agree to be entirely bound to this agreement. GreatInsuranceJobs, Inc. (the "Company") may revise these Terms and Conditions at any time by updating this posting, thus "You" or "User" (referring to the individuals accessing this Web site) should review the Terms and Conditions periodically since you are obligated to them. If you are an employer using the Site, you may have entered into a Service Agreement with GreatInsuranceJobs, in which case these Terms and Conditions are part of that Service Agreement. Your access to or use of the Site indicates your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions. You are agreeing to use the Site at your own risk.
Use of Material
You have authorization from the Company to review and download a copy of the material on GreatInsuranceJobs (the "Web Site") solely for your personal, noncommercial use. This Web Site and all of its content, including text, graphics, images and other material ("Material"), are protected by both United States and foreign copyright laws. Use of the Material without authorization from the Company may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. Any copy you make of the Material must retain the original copyright and proprietary notices. But, you may not use this Material outside of personal or noncommercial use, such as selling or modifying the Material, reproducing, displaying, publicly performing, or distributing the Material without permission from the Company. The use of the Material on any other web site or in a networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited. You shall not copy or adapt the HTML, CFML, JavaScript, Perl, or any other code that the Company creates to generate its pages. It is also protected by the Company's copyright.
Acceptable Site Use
General Rules: Users may not use the Web Site in order to transmit, distribute, store or destroy material (a) in violation of any applicable law or regulation, (b) in a manner that will infringe the copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property rights of others or violate the privacy, publicity or other personal rights of others, or (c) that is defamatory, obscene, threatening, abusive or hateful. Web Site Security Rules. Users are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the Web Site, including, without limitation, (a) accessing data not intended for such user or logging into a server or account which the user is not authorized to access, (b) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization, (c) attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the Web Site, overloading, "flooding", "spamming", "mailbombing" or "crashing", (d) sending unsolicited e-mail, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services, or (e) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or newsgroup posting. Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. The Company will investigate occurrences that may involve such violations and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are involved in such violations. Specific Prohibited Uses. Individuals seeking employment and career information and employers seeking employees may use the Web Site only for lawful purposes. The Company specifically prohibits any use of the Web Site, and all users agree not to use the Web Site, for any of the following: Posting any incomplete, false or inaccurate biographical information or information which is not your own accurate resume (living individual seeking employment on a full-time or part-time basis on his or her own behalf). Posting any franchise, pyramid scheme, "club membership", distributorship or sales representative agency arrangement or other business opportunity which requires an up front or periodic payment, pays commissions only (no significant salary), requires recruitment of other members, sub-distributors or sub-agents. Deleting or revising any material posted by any other person or entity.
User Information
When you register for the Web Site, you will be asked to provide the Company with certain information including, without limitation, a valid e-mail address (your "Information"). In addition to the terms and conditions that may be set forth in any privacy policy on this Web Site, you understand and agree that the Company may disclose to third parties, on an anonymous basis, certain aggregate information contained in your registration application. The Company will not disclose to any third party your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number without your prior consent, except to the extent necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws or in legal proceedings where such information is relevant. The Company reserves the right to offer third party services and products to you based on the preferences that you identify in your registration and at any time thereafter; such offers may be made by the Company or by third parties. Please see the Company’s Privacy Policy for further details regarding your Information.
Text Messaging from GreatInsuranceJobs.com (after opting in)
When "opting in", you are consenting to receive this offer plus additional coupons, offers, updates, up to 8/month, standard text message and data rates may apply. Reply 'HELP' for help , or 'STOP' to cancel. Consent not required for purchase.
User Submissions
As a user, you are responsible for your own communications and are responsible for the consequences of their posting. You must not do the following things: post material that is copyrighted, unless you are the copyright owner or have the permission of the copyright owner to post it; post material that reveals trade secrets, unless you own them or have the permission of the owner; post material that infringes on any other intellectual property rights of others or on the privacy or publicity rights of others; post material that is obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, hateful, or embarrassing to another user or any other person or entity; post a sexually-explicit image or statement; post advertisements or solicitations of business; post chain letters or pyramid schemes; or impersonate another person. The Company does not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of communications posted by users or endorses any opinions expressed by users. You acknowledge that any reliance on material posted by other users will be at your own risk. The Company has no obligation to screen communications in advance and is not responsible for screening or monitoring material posted by users. If notified by a user of communications, which allegedly do not conform to this Agreement, the Company may investigate the allegation and determine in good faith and its sole discretion whether to remove or request the removal of the communication. The Company has no liability or responsibility to users for performance or nonperformance of such activities. The Company reserves the right to expel users and prevent their further access to the Web Site for violating this Agreement or the law and the right to remove communications which are abusive, illegal, or disruptive. By submitting content to any public area of the Web Site, including message boards, forums, contests and chat rooms, you grant the Company and its affiliates the royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right (including any moral rights) and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, communicate to the public, perform and display the content (in whole or in part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed, for the full term of any rights that may exist in such content. You also warrant that the holder of any rights, including moral rights in such content, has completely and effectively waived all such rights and validly and irrevocably granted to you the right to grant the license stated above. You also permit any subscriber to access, display, view, store and reproduce such content for personal use. Subject to the foregoing, the owner of such content placed on the Web Site retains any and all rights that may exist in such content.
Registration and Password
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your information and password. You shall be responsible for all uses of your registration, whether or not authorized by you. You agree to immediately notify the Company of any unauthorized use of your registration or password.
The Company's Liability
GreatInsuranceJobs.com is only a venue. This Web Site acts as a venue for employers to post job opportunities and candidates to post resumes and does not screen or censor the listings offered. The Company is not involved in the actual transaction between employers and candidates. As a result, the Company has no control over the quality, safety or legality of the jobs or resumes posted, the truth or accuracy of the listings, the ability of employers to offer job opportunities to candidates or the ability of candidates to fill job openings. In addition, note that there are risks, including but not limited to the risk of physical harm, of dealing with strangers, foreign nationals, underage persons or people acting under false pretenses. You assume all risks associated with dealing with other users with whom you come in contact through the Web Site and/or the other GreatInsuranceJobs Sites. Because user authentication on the Internet is difficult, the Company cannot and does not confirm that each user is who they claim to be. Because we do not and cannot be involved in user-to-user dealings or control the behavior of participants on any GreatInsuranceJobs Site, in the event that You have a dispute with one or more users, You release the Company (and our agents and employees) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential, direct and indirect) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes. If You are a California resident, You waive California Civil Code d1542, which says: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor." We are under no legal obligation to, and generally do not, control the information provided by other users which is made available through the Web Site and/or the other GreatInsuranceJobs Sites. By its very nature, other people's information may be offensive, harmful or inaccurate, and in some cases will be mislabeled or deceptively labeled. We expect that You will use caution and common sense when using this Web Site and/or the other GreatInsuranceJobs Sites. The Web Site Content may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. The Company makes no representations about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of any GreatInsuranceJobs Site or the Web Site Content. The use of GreatInsuranceJobs Sites and the Web Site Content is at your own risk. Changes are periodically made to GreatInsuranceJobs Sites and may be made at any time. You acknowledge and agree that You are solely responsible for the form, content and accuracy of any resume or material contained therein placed by You on the GreatInsuranceJobs Sites. Employers are solely responsible for their postings on GreatInsuranceJobs Sites. The Company is not to be considered to be an employer with respect to your use of any GreatInsuranceJobs Site and the Company shall not be responsible for any employment decisions, for whatever reason made, made by any entity posting jobs on any GreatInsuranceJobs Site. THE COMPANY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE WEB SITE WILL OPERATE ERROR-FREE OR THAT THE WEB SITE AND ITS SERVER ARE FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL MECHANISMS. IF YOUR USE OF THE WEB SITE OR THE MATERIAL RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING OR REPLACING EQUIPMENT OR DATA, THE COMPANY IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THOSE COSTS. THE WEB SITE AND MATERIAL ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. THE COMPANY, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE COMPANY MAKES NO WARRANTIES ABOUT THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, OR TIMELINESS OF THE MATERIAL, SERVICES, SOFTWARE, TEXT, GRAPHICS, AND LINKS.
Disclaimer of Consequential Damages
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COMPANY, ITS SUPPLIERS, OR ANY THIRD PARTIES MENTIONED ON THE WEB SITE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, INCIDENTAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE WEB SITE AND THE MATERIAL, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE COMPANY IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Links to Other Sites
The Web Site contains links to third party web sites. The Company is not responsible for the content of linked third party sites and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such third party Web sites. If you decide to access linked third party Web sites, you do so at your own risk.
Termination
The Company reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to immediately terminate your registration with or ability to access the Web Site and/or any other service provided to you by the Company, upon any breach by you of this Agreement.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the Company, its officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, actions or demands, including without limitation reasonable legal and accounting fees, alleging or resulting from your use of the Material or your breach of the terms of this Agreement. The Company shall provide notice to you promptly of any such claim, suit, or proceeding and shall assist you, at your expense, in defending any such claim, suit or proceeding.
General
The Company makes no claims that the Materials may be lawfully viewed or downloaded outside of the United States. Access to the Materials may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access the Web Site from outside of the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any term of this Agreement shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term. Except as expressly provided in a particular "Legal Notice," or Software License or material on particular Web pages, this Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between you and the Company with respect to the use of Web Site. No changes to these Terms and Conditions shall be made except by a revised posting on this page.