http://www.genesisphoto.com/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement - Genesis Photography
Home
Portfolio
Families
Children
Business / Headshots
Generational
Parent Child
About Us
Experience
Genesis Photography Quick Facts
About Vincent
Quality and Exceptional Value
Unique Products
Training
The Gear
Creating visual poetry
Contact Us
Room Displays
Room Displays
Print Size Visualizer
Pricing
Client Viewing
Select Page
Privacy Statement
Genesis Photography is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Genesis Photography Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Genesis Photography website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Genesis Photography collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Genesis Photography also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Genesis Photography. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Genesis Photography for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Genesis Photography Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Genesis Photography public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Genesis Photography does not read any of your private online communications.
Genesis Photography encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Genesis Photography so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Genesis Photography is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Genesis Photography and Genesis Photography family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Genesis Photography collects and uses your personal information to operate the Genesis Photography Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Genesis Photography also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Genesis Photography and its affiliates. Genesis Photography may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Genesis Photography does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Genesis Photography may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Genesis Photography may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Genesis Photography, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Genesis Photography does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Genesis Photography keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Genesis Photography, in order to determine what Genesis Photography services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Genesis Photography to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Genesis Photography Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Genesis Photography or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Genesis Photography; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Genesis Photography, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Genesis Photography Web site use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Genesis Photography pages, or register with Genesis Photography site or services, a cookie helps Genesis Photography to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Genesis Photography Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Genesis Photography features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Genesis Photography services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Genesis Photography secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Genesis Photography secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Genesis Photography will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Genesis Photography encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Genesis Photography is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Genesis Photography welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Genesis Photography has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Genesis Photography at vin@www.genesisphoto.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Copyright ©
Genesis Photography | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | Site Credits
Site By: Blue Zenith | Login