http://www.carrentalexpress.com/terms-of-use
User
My Reservations
My Account
Logout
Young DriversRenter RatedAgency Ratings by CityWorld DirectoryTestimonialsBlogSpecialty VehiclesLuxurySports CarsHybridsSUVsVansYour Reservations
ExpressInternet Technologies &
Home Express Internet Technologies & CarRentalExpress.com Terms of Use
Express Internet Technologies & CarRentalExpress.com Terms of Use
Express Internet Technologies Inc. is the parent company of Car Rental Express.com and the Revolution reservation system.
The following are some important conditions and terms of use for browsing through or shopping using the Revolution reservation system, which powers the Car Rental Express.com web site.
LEGAL TERMS
A - Disclaimer & Limitation of Liability
Express Internet Technologies Inc. ("we", "us" or "our" in this copyright notice and disclaimer) is providing this web site, Car Rental Express.com, and all other websites facilitated by the Revolution reservation system, referred to hereon as (the "Site") on a "NO FEE", "AS IS, AS AVAILABLE" basis to users. We do not rent cars through the Site. We facilitate on line interactive car rental reservations.
You use the Site at your own risk. Neither we, nor any of our officers, directors, employees, agents, third-party content providers, sponsors, licensors, or the like, makes any representation or warranty, either express or implied, to you (a) that the Site will be uninterrupted or error-free, (b) as to the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site, or (c) as to the accuracy, timeliness or completeness of any information content, service or merchandise advertised on the Site.
WE MAKE AND YOU RECEIVE NO REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, WITH RESPECT TO the Site, ITS CONTENT, ITS MERCHANDISE, OUR SERVICE OR ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS, INFORMATION, ITEMS OR MATERIALS PROVIDED BY US IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF the Site, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION NO REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, SUITABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR OTHERWISE.
No oral advice or written information given by us, or our affiliates, or any of our officers, directors, employees, agents, providers, merchants, sponsors, licensors, or the like, will create a warranty, nor should you rely on any such information or advice.
Under no circumstances will we, or any other party involved in creating, producing or distributing the Site be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages that result from the use of or inability to use the Site, including but not limited to reliance by you on any information obtained from the Site or that result from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files or e-mail, errors, defects, viruses, delays in operation or transmission, or any failure of performance, including without limitation those that result from acts of God, communications failure, theft, destruction or unauthorized access to our records, programs or services.
This section applies to all content, merchandise and services available through the Site. Because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such jurisdictions liability is limited to the fullest extent permitted by law.
When using the reservation services by Express Internet Technologies Inc. at the Car Rental Express.com Site, you are agreeing to all of the terms and conditions listed in this Disclaimer & Limitation of Liability.
B - Copyright and Permitted Use
Except where otherwise noted, all of the Site's design, text, graphics and arrangement thereof, and software used herein, is our copyrighted material or that of our content providers. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. You are permitted to electronically copy, and print in hard copy, portions of the Site for the sole purpose of purchasing items and services advertised on the Site. Any other use other than as noted above, modification, distribution or republication without our prior written permission is strictly prohibited.
The Site, all page headers, custom graphics and button icons are our service marks, trademarks and/or trade dress. All other trademarks, product names and company names or logos displayed, cited or otherwise published herein are the property of their respective owners.
C - Links to Third Party Content
The Site contains links to third-party web sites, which are not under our control, and we are not responsible for the contents contained in any linked site. Any links provided in the Site are provided for your interest or convenience and do not represent or imply any endorsement by us of such linked site.
D - Advertising or Ad Content
All ads in the Site are published in good faith without verification. We reserve the right to refuse, classify, revise or censor any ads for any reason in our sole discretion.
The ads posted on the Site may include inaccuracies or errors. We do not under any circumstances accept responsibility for the accuracy or otherwise of any ads or messages in the Site, nor is any kind of warranty provided, whether express or implied, including but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of a third party's rights of any kind. We do not control the terms and conditions of car rental agreements or any other contracts offered to you by advertisers on the Site. We are not responsible for any loss or damage which might be incurred by you as a result of your use of the Site or any advertisers or other third parties linked to the Site, including, without limitation, any independent car rental agency that you might access through the Site.
There is no agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchisor-franchisee relationship between us and you or any advertisers on the Site.
We specifically disclaim any and all liability to you and advertisers on the Site of any kind, for loss or damage of any nature, whatsoever and howsoever arising, whether due to inaccuracy, error, omission or any other cause, whether on the part of us, or our employees or agents, or any other person, due to your or their use of the ads, the information contained therein, or any other information available on the Site.
You are advised to review the ads and message details carefully before entering into any agreement of any kind with, or before disclosing any personal information to the advertisers on the Site. If you are in doubt, you should obtain legal advice before proceeding.
E - Privacy Policy
Please click here to read our Privacy Policy.
F - Governing Law
We control the Site from within the Province of British Columbia, Canada. It can, however, be accessed by all Canadian provinces and territories as well as all states in the United States of America, and other places around the world. Although these places may have different laws from those of the Province of British Columbia, by accessing the Site, you agree with the laws of the Province of British Columbia and the laws of Canada in force in the Province of British Columbia, without regard to rules relating to conflict of laws, will apply to all matters relating to your use of the Site. You also agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the Supreme Court of the Province of British Columbia, with respect to such matters. Users of the Site accessing it from places outside of the Province of British Columbia acknowledge that they do so voluntarily and are responsible for complying with local laws.
Renter rated
Agency ratings by city
World Directory
Your Reservation
Car Rental Discounts
Testimonials
Blog
Specialty Vehicles
cheap van rentals
© 1999 - 2020
Express Internet Technologies Inc.