https://www.iescope.com/privacy-policy/
skip to Main Content
company /Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This is the Integrated Endoscopy privacy policy. This privacy policy explains how we handle the personal information that you provide to us on websites controlled by Integrated Endoscopy. Please read this privacy policy before using the Integrated Endoscopy website or submitting personal information to us.
By using this site, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy. Whenever you submit information via this site, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of that information in accordance with this privacy policy.
This privacy policy does not apply to personal information collected from you offline, to the Integrated Endoscopy website that do not link to this privacy policy, to residents of countries other than the United States, or to third-party websites to which the Integrated Endoscopy website may link. Your use of this site, which link to this privacy policy is subject to this privacy policy and the Terms of Use.
Information Collection
Integrated Endoscopy collects information in two ways:
Personal information. Integrated Endoscopy collects personal information that you enter into data fields on the Integrated Endoscopy website. For example, you may submit your name, postal address, email address, and/or other information to receive information about various subjects, register for Integrated Endoscopy programs, contact Integrated Endoscopy customer service, or respond to Integrated Endoscopy surveys. To protect your privacy, you should not provide Integrated Endoscopy with any information that is not specifically requested.
Passive unidentifiable information. When you are visiting this site, certain anonymous information can be passively collected (that is, gathered without your actively providing the information) using various technologies, such as cookies, Internet tags or web beacons, and navigational data collection (log files, server logs, clickstream). Your Internet browser automatically transmits to this site some of this anonymous information, such as the URL of the website you just came from and the Internet Protocol (IP) address and the browser version your computer is currently using. This site may also collect anonymous information from your computer through cookies and Internet tags or web beacons. You may set your browser to notify you when a cookie is sent or to refuse cookies altogether, but certain features of this site might not work without cookies. This site may use and combine such passively collected anonymous information to provide better service to site visitors, customize the site based on your preferences, compile and analyze statistics and trends, and otherwise administer and improve the site for your use. Such information is not combined with personally identifiable information collected elsewhere on the site unless you have consented.
Collecting and Using Personal information
Except as otherwise stated, we may use information collected via this site to improve the content of our site, to customize the site to your preferences, to communicate information to you (if you have requested it), for our marketing and research purposes, and for any other purpose specified. In addition, we may make full use of all information acquired through this site that is not in personally identifiable form.
If you provide personally identifiable information to this site, we may combine such information with other actively collected information unless we specify otherwise at the point of collection. We may disclose personally identifiable information you provide via this site to other Integrated Endoscopy affiliates worldwide that agree to treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy and use it for the same purposes. We also may disclose personally identifiable information you provide via this site to third parties that are not Integrated Endoscopy affiliates, but only.
To contractors we use to support our business (such as fulfillment services, technical support, delivery services, and financial institutions), in which case we will require such third parties to agree to treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy and use it for the same purposes.
In connection with the sale, assignment, or other transfer of the business of this site to which the information relates, in which case we will require any such buyer to agree to treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy and use it for the same purposes.
To respond to law enforcement requests or where required by applicable laws, court orders, or government regulations. The collection, use, and disclosure of information contemplated in this Privacy Policy may involve a transfer of the information to jurisdictions located outside your country of residence that may not have equivalent laws and rules regarding personally identifiable information. In these cases, you will be asked to consent to such transfers and disclosures in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Opt Out Choices
To opt out of receiving communications from Integrated Endoscopy (except for communications necessary for your use of the site), having your personally identifiable information disclosed to third parties for marketing purposes, or any other consent previously granted for a specific purpose concerning your personally identifiable information, send an email to Integrated Endoscopy at info@iescope.com.
Privacy of Children
This site is not intended for children under the age of 13. We will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information via this site from visitors in this age group.
Contact Integrated Endoscopy
If you have questions about the use, amendment, or deletion of personal information that you have provided to us, or if you would like to opt out of future communications from Integrated Endoscopy, please contact us by any of the following:
Clicking on the Contact Us
Emailing us at info@iescope.com
Sending a letter to the following address:
Integrated Endoscopy
9631 Irvine Center Drive
Irvine, CA 92618
Privacy Policy Changes
Integrated Endoscopy reserves the right to amend this privacy policy without prior notice to reflect technological advancements, legal, and regulatory changes and good business practices. Please check back periodically, and especially before you provide any personally identifiable information. This privacy policy was last updated on March 1, 2015 and is effective as of March 1, 2015.
© Copyright 2020 Integrated Endoscopy. All Rights reserved.
website: kressdesign.com
No part of this website may be reproduced without prior permission from Integrated Endoscopy.
Back To Top
×Close search
Search
Search
Submit