http://www.mobilemodularrents.com/resources/privacy-policy
QUOTE
CART
CALL
SEARCH
×
working on it...
Our Holiday Shop is Open!
Save up to 30% on select buildings.
View Offers
Our Holiday Shop is Open!
Save up to 30% on select buildings.
FIND A LOCATION
ALABAMA
ARKANSAS
CALIFORNIA
DELAWARE
FLORIDA
GEORGIA
LOUISIANA
MARYLAND
NEVADA (LAS VEGAS)
NEW JERSEY
NORTH CAROLINA
OKLAHOMA
PENNSYLVANIA
SOUTH CAROLINA
TENNESSEE
TEXAS
VIRGINIA
WASHINGTON, D.C.
WEST VIRGINIA
ADDITIONAL LOCATIONS
"The construction offices from Mobile Modular are the best we have ever had."
-Barnhill Contracting
EDUCATION SOLUTIONS
CLASSROOMS
COMPLEXES
RESTROOMS
MOBILE MODULAR PLUS ACCESSORIES
BUILDINGS FOR SALE
COMMERCIAL SOLUTIONS
BLAST RESISTANT MODULAR
MODULAR COMPLEXES
GROUND LEVEL OFFICES
MOBILE OFFICES
RESTROOMS
SALES OFFICES
STORAGE CONTAINERS & OFFICE COMBOS
MOBILE MODULAR PLUS ACCESSORIES
BUILDINGS FOR SALE
CUSTOM SOLUTIONS
RESOURCES
COVID-19 RESPONSE
DISASTER RELIEF
360 3D Visualizer
Blog/Knowledge Center
ASSOCIATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS
WHY CHOOSE US?
CASE STUDIES
GSA CONTRACT
LIVE INVENTORY
FAQ’S
ABOUT US
RATINGS AND REVIEWS
COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT
OUR HISTORY
CONTRACT TERMS
PHOTO GALLERY
PRODUCT GUIDES
New to Modulars?
CAREERS
INDUSTRIES
CONSTRUCTION
EDUCATION
GOVERNMENT
INDUSTRIAL
MANUFACTURING
MEDICAL
RETAIL
CONTACT
REQUEST A QUOTE
MY QUOTE CART
REQUEST SERVICE
EMAIL SUBSCRIPTION
EMAIL UNSUBSCRIPTION
Home
Resources
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes what information McGrath
RentCorp and its affiliates and subsidiaries and all subdomains (“we” , “our”, “us” or “the
Company”) collects from and is related to you, and how we use such information,
when you use the Company website at
https://www.mgrc.com, https://www.adlertankrentals.com, https://blog.adlertankrentals.com, https://www.enviroplex.com, https://www.mobilemodular.com, https://blog.mobilemodular.com, https://www.mobilemodularcontainers.com, https://blog.mobilemodularcontainers.com, https://www.trsrentelco.com (the "Websites").
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and in its
entirety before using the Websites as it applies to every visitor to the
Websites. We reserve the right to make changes at any time to this Privacy
Policy. We will advise you of material changes to this Privacy Policy through
the Websites or by any other reasonable means of reaching you. All amended
terms shall be automatically effective as of the date of the amended Privacy
Policy. You should regularly check this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of
the Websites constitutes acceptance of any and all changes to this Privacy
Policy.
General Disclosure
The Websites are hosted in the United
States. If you are visiting the Websites from outside of the United States,
please note that by providing your information it is being transferred to,
stored or processed in the United States and other countries, where our data
center and servers are located and operated. The data protection and other laws
of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those
in your country. By using our Websites, you understand that your information
will be transferred to our facilities in the United States and to third parties
with whom we may share your information. If you are visiting the Websites form
outside the United States and do not wish to allow the transfer of your
personal data to the United States, you should not use the Websites and opt-out
of the collection of cookies.
We take your privacy and the protection of your personal
data seriously. We will only store, process and disclose your personal data
where we have your consent or a legitimate interest and in accordance with the
law. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will
explain what we intend to do with it. We do our best to protect your privacy
through the appropriate use of information security measures.
Collection of Personal Information
We collect personal information from
correspondence, faxes, live chats, e-mails, telephone inquiries, web forms, and
other means of communication. We collect such information when we provide
online services, and other lawful purposes. We (and our affiliates and
authorized service providers) may collect, store and use:
(a) information about your visits to
and use of the Websites;
(b) information about any transactions
carried out between you and us, including information relating to online
education and other services;
(c) any information you provide to us
if you correspond with us;
(d) if you create an account with us,
we may ask you for your name, geo-location and other demographic information,
e-mail address, street address or other personal information. You may, however,
visit the Websites without providing that information.
(e) Personal information, such as your
name, address, phone number.
(f) if you purchase Company products
and services, we collect billing and credit card information.
(g) Anonymous demographic information,
which is not unique to you, such as your age and gender.
For customers in the United States, we
also may collect information about your computer and your visits to this Site
such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, domain names,
referring website addresses, access times, length of visit and number of page
views. We may use this information in the administration of this Site, to
improve the Sites usability, to provide better service, to send you
newsletters, updates, marketing communications, and other information or that
may be of interest to you. We may sometimes permit our authorized service
providers to have access to aggregate and de-identified statistics about our
customers, sales, traffic patterns, usage and related information.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We only collect the personal
information necessary to fulfill the purposes identified to you prior to or at
the time of collection, or any other reasonable and legitimate purposes or as
required by law.
We do not use or disclose your personal
information, except for the purposes for which it was collected, or new
purposes to which you have consented, or as required or otherwise permitted by
applicable law. We do not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third
parties.
We do not, as a condition of providing
services to you or on your behalf, or as an administrative or management
requirement, require consent to the collection, use or disclosure of personal
information beyond that reasonably required for such purposes, or to comply
with its obligations under applicable law.
We rely on the following legal grounds
to process your personal information, namely:
Performance
of a contract
.
We may need to collect and use
your personal information to enter into a contract or to perform a contract
that you or your company has with us.
Consent. Where required by applicable laws, we will rely on
your consent for collecting your personal information.
Legitimate interests. We may use your personal information with our third
party vendors and service providers for our legitimate interests to deliver the
services you have requested and to improve our services. All such third parties
are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these
services to the Company, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality
of your information.
Consistent with our legitimate interests and any choices that we offer or
consents that may be required under applicable laws, we may use technical
information as described in this privacy policy and use personal information
for our marketing and analytical purposes.
We may share your personal information with other business entities in
connection with the sale, assignment, merger or other transfer of all or a
portion of the Company business or assets to such business entity (including
due to a sale in connection with a bankruptcy). We will require any such
purchaser, assignee or other successor business entity to honor the terms of
this privacy statement.
Law enforcement. We may disclose information in response to a subpoena,
search warrant, in connection with judicial proceedings, or pursuant to court
orders, legal process or other law enforcement measures.
Protect our rights. We may disclose personal information when we have reason
to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact
or bring legal action against someone who may be violating any agreement with
the Company, or may be causing injury to or interference with (either
intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other Site users, or
anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. We may also disclose or
access personal information when we believe in good faith that the law requires
it, to establish our legal rights or to defend against legal claims, and for
administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain, service
and improve our products and services.
Linking Sites
The Websites contains links to other websites whose privacy
practices may differ from ours. The Company is not responsible for the privacy
practices or the content of such websites, including any sites that may
indicate a special relationship or partnership with us (such as co-branded
pages or "powered by" or "in cooperation with"
relationships). We do not share information we gather with other websites or
any other entities or individuals unless such sharing is approved in advance by
you. Other linked sites, however, may collect personal information from you
that is not subject to our control. To ensure protection of your privacy,
always review the privacy policy of the sites you may visit by linking from the
Site.The Websites are hosted in the United States. If you are visiting the
Websites from outside of the United States, please note that by providing your
information it is being transferred to, stored or processed in the United States
and other countries, where our data center and servers are located and
operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other
countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using our
Websites, you understand that your information will be transferred to our
facilities in the United States and to third parties with whom we may share
your information. If you are visiting the Websites form outside the United
States and do not wish to allow the transfer of your personal data to the
United States, you should not use the Websites and opt-out of the collection of
cookies.
Social Media
We may collect information from other sources, such as
social media platforms that may share information about how you interact with
our social media content. We do not control how your personal information is
collected, stored or used by such third party sites or to whom it is disclosed.
You should review the privacy policies and settings on any social networking
site that you subscribe to so that you understand the information they may be
sharing. If you do not want your networking sites to share information about
you, you must contact that site and determine whether it gives you the
opportunity to opt-out of sharing such information. The Company is not
responsible for how these third party sites may use information collected from
or about you.
Security
The Company employs security measures utilizing
industry-standard technology to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of
personal information that you disclose through the Site. Personal information
is stored in a secured database and always sent via an encrypted Internet
channel. If you have additional questions regarding security, please feel free
to contact us directly at
privacyinquiry@mgrc.com. To ensure that our employees comply
with our privacy policies, we have developed a training program that provides
all employees with the tools and knowledge to protect member privacy in all aspects
of their work. Any employee who violates our privacy policies is subject to
disciplinary action, including possible termination and civil and/or criminal
prosecution.
Child Online Privacy Protection Act
(COPPA) Compliance and Related Information
The Child Online Privacy and Protection Act (COPPA)
regulates online collection of information from persons under the age of 13. It
is our policy to refrain from knowingly collecting or maintaining personally
identifiable information relating to any person under the age of 18. If you are
under the age of 18, please do not supply any personally identifiable
information through the site. If you are under the age of 18 and have already
provided personally identifiable information through the site, please have your
parent or guardian contact us immediately using the information below so that
we can remove such information from our files.
Retention of Personal Information
We may keep a record of your personal information, including
correspondence or comments, in the applicable file specific to you. We will
utilize, disclose, or retain your personal information for as long as necessary
to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected and for legal or business
requirements. We will establish minimum and maximum retention periods and
procedures for maintaining and destroying your personal information. When
personal information is retained to make a decision about you, we will retain
such information for the period required in order to comply with our internal
compliance and data retention policies.
Your Choices and Access to Your Personal Information
Subject to the exceptions provided by
the applicable law, we will make available to you any specific personal
information about you that we have collected, utilized or disclosed, upon your
written request. We will make such information available to you in a form that
is generally understandable, including explaining any abbreviations or codes
and using an alternative format, if required. Simply send your request for access,
by completing the REQUEST FORM and e-mail it to
privacyinquiry@mgrc.com.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an
opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users
may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from the Company by
contacting us here: Email:
privacyinquiry@mgrc.com
If you are a located in the European
Economic Area (EEA) the General Data Protection Rule (GDPR) allows Data Subject
rights of access, rectification, erasure, restriction, objection or portability
in line with the type of services being provided and the right to lodge a
complaint to your Supervisory Authority.
We and third parties may use cookies,
action tags, or similar technologies on your computer to provide the Websites
and online services and help collect data. You may block or delete cookies and
control data collection through your web browser settings. However, adjusting
your browser preferences may impact your experience with the Websites.
Our third-party advertising partners may collect data about
your visits to the Website to help them better understand your advertising
preferences, and provide you with offers they believe you will be interested
in. You may opt out of receiving certain advertising tailored to you from third
parties. If you would like to opt out of behavioral advertising or to learn
more, please visit:
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1#!/
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1#!/
Options you select are browser and device specific. To learn
more about how we use cookies and your choices, please review our Cookie
Statement.
Response Times
We will make every reasonable effort to respond to each of
your written requests not later than 30 days after receipt of such requests.
When applicable, we will advise you in writing if we cannot meet your requests
within this time limit. When applicable, you have the right to make a complaint
to the appropriate privacy commission with respect to this time limit.
Costs
We expect to provide access without charge as a general
matter. However, we reserve the right to collect a reasonable charge when you
request the transcription, reproduction, or transmission of such information.
We will notify you, following your request for transcription, reproduction, or
transmission, of the appropriate amount that will be charged. You will then
have the opportunity to withdraw your request.
Identifying You in Connection with
Requests
We may require that you provide to us sufficient information
to identify yourself before we provide information about the existence, use, or
disclosure of your personal information in our possession. Any such information
shall be used only for this purpose.
Contact
Personal information is generally located at our corporate
or divisional offices in the United States. A list of corporations, divisions,
subsidiaries and affiliates to which this Privacy Policy applies is available
upon request. Please direct all complaints or other inquiries regarding
personal information, the Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy to our Privacy
Director as follows:
privacyinquiry@mgrc.com.
Provisions Applicable to California
Residents
The provisions below
relate solely to residents of the State of California (for purposes of this
section “Provisions Applicable to California Residents”, “consumers” or “you”). We included this section to
comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms
defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this section. If you are
a California resident with disabilities, and need to be provided with an
accessible version of this section or the policy as a whole, please contact us
at
privacyinquiry@mgrc.com.
Information We Collect
Our website, as applicable to
your use of the Services, collects information that identifies, relates to,
describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably
be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“
CCPA Covered Personal Information”). In
particular, our website has collected the following categories of CCPA Covered
Personal Information from its consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal
identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address,
account name, or other similar identifiers.
Yes
B. Personal information categories listed in the
California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, address, telephone number, education, employment,
employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card
number, or any other financial information.
Some CCPA Covered Personal Information included in this
category may overlap with other categories.
Yes
C. Protected classification characteristics under
California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national
origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition,
physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender
expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual
orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including
familial genetic information).
No
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased,
obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or
tendencies.
Yes
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological
characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other
identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and
voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical
patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
No
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a
consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Yes
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
Yes
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar
information.
No
I. Non-public education information (per the Family
Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part
99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained
by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades,
transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes,
student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
No
J. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person’s preferences,
characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes,
intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
No
CCPA Covered Personal Information
does not include:
Publicly available information from government
records.
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
Information or organizations excluded from the
CCPA’s scope as set forth in the law.
Note that information regarding job applicants, employees,
owners, directors, officers, or contractors, emergency contact information from
the same, and information necessary for us to administer benefits to the same,
and information we obtain from a consumer acting on behalf of a company and
whose communications with us occur solely within the context of us conducting
due diligence regarding, or providing or receiving a product or service to or
from another company, are generally exempt from much of the CCPA.
We obtain CCPA Covered Personal
Information listed above from the following categories of sources:
For all of the above categories collected, we
collect this information directly from you.
For Categories A (identifiers),
F (internet or other similar network activity
information), and G (geolocation data), we collect this information indirectly
from you.
Use of CCPA Covered Personal Information
We may use or disclose the CCPA
Covered Personal Information we collect for one or more of the following
business purposes:
We use
all of the above categories of CCPA Covered Personal Information
collected
to:
Fulfill or meet the reason you provided the
information. For example, if you share your name and contact information to ask
a question, we will use that CCPA Covered Personal Information to respond to
your inquiry.
Provide, support, personalize, and develop our
Website, products, and services.
Create, maintain, customize, and secure your
account with us.
Provide you with support and to respond to your
inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and
improve our responses.
Personalize your Website experience and to
deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests through
our Website, third-party sites,
and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law).
Help maintain the safety, security, quality, and
integrity of our Website, products and services, databases and other technology
assets, and business, including to detect security incidents, protect against
malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecute those
responsible for that activity, and to debug to identify and repair errors that
impair existing intended functionality.
Respond to law enforcement requests and as
required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
Evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture,
restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some
or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy,
liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which CCPA Covered Personal Information
held by us about our website users is among the assets transferred.
We use Categories A (identifiers), B (categories
listed in the California Customer Records statute), and D (commercial
information) information
collected
to
process your requests,
purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud.
We use Categories A (identifiers), F (internet
or similar network activity), and G (geolocation data) for:
Auditing related to a current interaction with
you and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad
impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad
impressions, and auditing compliance with applicable law.
Short-term, transient use, provided your CCPA
Covered Personal Information is not disclosed to a third party and is not used
to build a profile about you or otherwise alter your experience outside the
current interaction, including, but not limited to, the contextual
customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction.
Testing, research, analysis, and product
development and demonstration, including to develop and improve our Website,
products, and services.
For
all of the above categories of CCPA Covered Personal Information collected, as
described to you when collecting your CCPA Covered Personal Information or as
otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
We will not collect additional
categories of CCPA Covered Personal Information or use the CCPA Covered
Personal Information we collected for different purposes without providing you
notice.
Sharing CCPA Covered Personal Information
We may disclose your CCPA
Covered Personal Information to a third party for a business purpose. When we
disclose CCPA Covered Personal Information for a business purpose, we generally
enter into a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to
both keep that CCPA Covered Personal Information confidential and not use it
for any purpose except performing the contract.
In the preceding twelve (12) months,
we have disclosed all of the above categories of personal information collected
for a business purpose to third party vendors who provide marketing, payment
processing, and other services to us.
Company does not sell data.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides
consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their CCPA
Covered Personal Information. This section describes your CCPA rights and
explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to
Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You
have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our
collection and use of your CCPA Covered Personal Information over the past
twelve (12) months. Once we receive and verify your request (see
Exercising
Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
), we will disclose to you:
The categories of CCPA Covered Personal
Information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the CCPA Covered
Personal Information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for
collecting that CCPA Covered Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we
share that CCPA Covered Personal Information.
The specific pieces of CCPA Covered Personal
Information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we disclosed your CCPA Covered Personal
Information for a business purpose, a list of disclosures for a business
purpose, identifying the CCPA Covered Personal Information categories that each
category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You
have the right to request that we delete any of your CCPA Covered Personal
Information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain
exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see
Exercising
Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your CCPA
Covered Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We
may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us
or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the CCPA
Covered Personal Information, provide a good or service that you requested,
take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business
relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect bugs or errors in our Website or service, detect
security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or
illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications
Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546
et.
seq.
).
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned
with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information
are permitted by law or that are compatible with the context in which you
provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data
portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable
consumer request to us by emailing us at privacyinquiry@mgrc.com or by using
the “Contact Us” information set forth below.
Only you, or a person registered
with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf
(“an Authorized Agent”), may make a verifiable consumer request related to your
CCPA Covered Personal Information. You may also make a verifiable consumer
request on behalf of your minor child.
Please note that we are not
obligated to provide information to a consumer in response to a request more
than twice in a twelve (12) month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to
reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected CCPA Covered
Personal Information. Before completing your request to exercise the below, we
will verify that the request came from you based on information we have for you
in our records, or though some other method in compliance with the CCPA.
Describe your request with sufficient detail
that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request
or provide you with CCPA Covered Personal Information if we cannot verify your
identity or authority to make the request and confirm the CCPA Covered Personal
Information relates to you. With few exceptions, we will only review and
fulfill a request from your Authorized Agent if (a) you grant the Authorized Agent
written permission to make a request on your behalf, (b) you or the Authorized
Agent provides us notice of that written permission, and (c) we are able to
verify your and the Authorized Agent’s identity in connection with that notice
and the request.
Making a verifiable consumer
request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use CCPA Covered
Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the
requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a
verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we
require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in
writing.
If you have an account with us,
we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an
account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or
electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will
only cover the twelve (12) month period preceding the verifiable consumer
request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we
cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we
will select a format to provide your CCPA Covered Personal Information that is
readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one
entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process
or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive,
repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants
a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost
estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination
You have the right not to receive
discriminatory treatment by us for exercising any of your rights under the CCPA.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA
that can result
in different prices,
rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will
reasonably relate to your CCPA Covered Personal Information’s value and contain
written terms that describe the program’s material aspects. Participation in a
financial incentive program requires your prior opt-in consent, which you may
revoke at any time.
Other California Privacy Rights
For California residents,
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information
regarding the disclosure of your personal information, as that term is defined
in Section 1798.83, to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing
purposes. To make such a request, you may contact us by emailing us at
privacyinquiry@mgrc.com.
At this time, the Company does
not honor "Do Not Track" signals.
Call Now
Request a Quote
Search
Back to top
Subscribe Today
Get the latest news, updates, and special offers delivered directly to your inbox.
Construction
Education
Government
Industrial
Manufacturing
Medical
Retail
*We hate spam as much as you do, and you can unsubscribe anytime.