http://www.jdfinancial.com/privacy.php
J&D Financial
Menu
About Us
Our Clients
Testimonials
Our Services
Invoice Factoring
International Factoring
Purchase Order Financing
International Trade Finance
Construction Factoring
Government Factoring
Factoring Brokers
Business Loans
High Risk Factoring
Factoring
FAQs
Applications
Contact Us
1.305.893.0300
Apply Now!
Are you Eligible for Factoring?
Fill out the form to get a quick response!
Full Name:
Phone Number:
E-Mail Address:
Type of Business:
(Anti-Spam Question) 4 plus 4 is:
×
Check your Factoring Eligibility Now!
(Or call 1.305.893.0300)
Privacy Policy / Terms and Conditions
Privacy
We strive to develop high end services to better serve our customers. We recognize privacy is an important consideration and we take the protection of your privacy in the highest regard.
Personal information is information that individually identifies you, such as your name, physical address email address, and financial information when you apply for an account.
How we use the Personal Information we collect
We may use the Personal Information that you provide to us as follows:
If you apply for financing, to consider you for the financing and to contact references (please note that your references may be contacted without prior notice to you); or
If you apply for financing, to assess your creditworthiness including retrieving credit reports and to approve or reject your application; or
To respond to inquiries you may have about financing and other related matters; or
If you send us an email for information, to reply to your request.
How we may share Personal Information you provide to us
J&D Financial Corporation may share your Personal Information under the following circumstances:
Agents,
service providers and brokers: To establish, administer, and manage our customers' accounts, evaluate credit, provide customer service and benefits, process account transactions and account statements, engage in collections activities, or process job applications, we may disclose your Personal Information to companies that work with us to perform services or business operations on our behalf.
We may also share your Personal Information with companies that perform marketing services on our behalf, or with other financial institutions (including insurance companies) with which we have
agreements.
Nonaffiliated third parties: In certain instances, we are permitted or even required to disclose your Personal Information to nonaffiliated third parties.
For example, reporting your transaction history and information with us to credit reporting agencies, responding to regulators or auditors, to protect against fraud, or to provide information in connection with proposed or actual business transactions involving
J&D Financial
Corporation companies or accounts.
We may also disclose your Personal Information to third parties when legally compelled to do so, such as to comply with the law, to enforce our terms of use, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of J&D Financial Corporation, its employees, customers, visitors to these Services, and others.
Please be aware that these disclosures are permitted by law without your consent.
USA Patriot Act Section 326 compliance: When you open finance with us, we will ask for your name, address, and other identifying documents such as your driver's license, that will allow us to identify you.
Business transfers: As we develop our business, we may sell or buy businesses or assets, or be involved in mergers or other corporate reorganization.
In transactions such as these, your Personal Information may be shared in connection with any of the foregoing types of transactions, even prior to the existence of a final, binding, agreement to buy, sell, merge, or reorganize.
How we protect the confidentiality and security of your Personal Information
J&D Financial Corporation uses certain measures to protect Personal Information from unauthorized access, deletion or alteration. In addition, we have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect your Personal Information.
Please note that no company can guarantee perfect online security, and please remain careful and vigilant in your online activities.
Information we automatically collect (not Personal Information)
When you visit or browse our Services, we and our advertising, marketing, or service partners may collect information such as your Internet Protocol or “IP” address, the “URL” of the web pages you visit, and may use “cookies,” web beacons, or other objects to collect statistical and other information about your use of our Services.
The purpose of collecting this information is to improve the effectiveness of our Services and to conduct targeted advertising or marketing.
The collected information may include, for example, information about your computer, its unique identifiers, and its configuration, the web pages you visited or mobile applications used; the date and time of your visit; the websites you visited immediately before and after visiting our web site; your language preference; demographic and/or location-based information; and the popularity of various advertising words and phrases used by us.
The collection of this information allows for the compilation of aggregate and anonymous information about the usage of our Services, and can help us improve your use of our Services, for example, providing quick login, streamlining site navigation and maintaining up-to-date content for all users.
Should you configure your browser to reject cookies, you may disable some of our Service's features.
Usage and Permissions
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, images, audio clips, and digital downloads, is the property of J&D Financial Corporation, or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. You must abide by all additional copyright notices or restrictions contained in the print versions of our publications and research.
You may not copy, reproduce, distribute, publish, enter into a database, display, perform, modify, create derivative works, or transmit any content on this website, except that you may make one machine readable copy and/or one print copy for your personal use. Any other non-commercial use of J&D Financial Corporation
content from any of its publications, research or website requires written permission from us. All commercial uses of J&D Financial Corporation content require our permission, including:
Use of J&D Financial Corporation content in advertisements or promotions.
Use of J&D Financial Corporation trademarks or logos.
Use of quotes, excerpts or full text of J&D Financial Corporation articles, features or research.
J&D Financial Corporation
provides this site for the purpose of information and communication only. J&D Financial Corporation
SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND THAT MAY ARISE FROM USE OF THIS SERVICE, INCLUDING: ERRORS OR OMISSIONS, CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES ARISING FROM THE USE OF ANY INFORMATION OR MATERIALS POSTED ON THIS SITE. J&D Financial Corporation
reserves the right to change the terms and conditions of this agreement at any time.
Changes to this Policy, and contact information
J&D Financial Corporation may update this Policy from time to time.
J&D Financial Corporation may notify you of an update to this Policy by any reasonable means, including by email, online account notification, mobile application pop-up, or regular mail.
You agree that if you choose to continue to use the Services after J&D Financial Corporation sends you such an e-mail, online account notification, mobile application pop-up, or regular mail (allowing one week from the sent date for delivery of regular mail), you are bound to the most recent version of the Policy.
You should periodically check the effective date at the top of this Policy to be sure that you are aware of the most recent version of this Policy and the important information described in it.
If you have questions about this Online Privacy Policy, please email
privacy@jdfinancial.com
All California loans made or arranged pursuant to a California Finance Lenders Law License; CA License # 603L097
J & D Financial (West Coast) Corporation
PO Box 610250 | North Miami, FL 33261
T: 800.421.1120 | F: 786.621.4830 | info@jdfinancial.com
Copyright © 2020 J&D Financial (West Coast) Corporation | Sitemap | Privacy Policy