http://www.uwdl.com/privacy_policy.php
Utopia is a UK SEO company that delivers expert results. SEO consultants - Managed Server Hosting - Web Development - Hosted Desktops
Solutions for an ideal world ™
Home  |
Callback   |
Email us
ABOUT US
SEO Expert Lee Smith
Partners
SERVICES
Internet Marketing
Search Engine Optimisation
Search Engine Marketing
SEO
SEO Services UK
SEO Specialists
SEO Web Design
SEO Consultancy
Pay Per Click PPC
Email Marketing
Submission Services
Content Creation
Article Writing
Web Design
Web Development
E-Commerce Web Design
Content Management
Animation & Audio
Video
IT Services
IT Support
IT Systems
Remote Desktop Services
Disaster Recovery
Online Backups
Hosting
Web Site Hosting
Linux Web Hosting
Real Estate Hosting
Price List
Programming
Database Development
Software Development
Graphic Design
PRODUCTS
Content Management
Hosted Desktop Services
High Speed Internet
PORTFOLIO
CONTACT US
Key Services
Web Design
Website Development
Internet Marketing
Search Engine Marketing
Search Engine Optimisation
SEO Services
Email Marketing
Website Hosting Services
Content Management
Graphic Design
Flash Animation
Database Development
Software Development
Other Services
Remote Desktop Services
Disaster Recovery
High Speed Internet
VoIP Phone Service
Privacy Policy
General
It is very important for us, at Utopia Creative Solutions, to safeguard the privacy of our users and to the visitors of our web site while also providing you with a personalised and valuable service. Please read the following policy statement, which may change from time to time, to understand how we use your personal information.
Whenever you give us personal data or we collect personal data from your use of this web site, you are consenting to its collection and use in accordance with our privacy statement.
What personal data do we collect?
When you become a registered user of this site,
request information from us, or contact us with an enquiry, you will be required to provide us with some personal information which will include your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and a description about yourself or your organisation.
Bear in mind that if you post any personal details on our bulletin board or any chatroom, it may be seen by anyone visiting the web site. Do not post any data that you do not want to be made available in this way.
How do we use your personal data?
We will use personal data
to provide other goods and services to you and to let you know about other goods and services in which you may be interested and to inform you about changes and improvements to our web site.
We may use any personal data which we collect or obtain from users to carry out research about our users' demographics, interest and behaviour. This research is compiled and analysed on an aggregated basis. At no point is our users' personal identification information used in this research (but we may share this aggregated data with advertisers or business partners).
When you give us personal data, that data may be sent electronically to servers anywhere in the world and may be used, stored and processed anywhere in the world, including countries outside the European Economic Area.
Links
Our web site contains links to other web sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when you leave our site to read the privacy statement of other sites to which you have linked.
When you give us personal data, that data may be sent electronically to servers anywhere in the world and may be used, stored and processed anywhere in the world, including countries outside the European Economic Area.
Security
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet or any other network can be guaranteed as 100% secure, but we take appropriate steps to try to protect the security of your data.
Contact
This is the web site and privacy statement of Utopia Creative Solutions which we may change from time to time.
Our postal address is:
Southbridge House
Southbridge Place
Croydon
Surrey
England
CR0 4HA
Our telephone number is: 0843 289 3789
If you want to request any information about your personal data, please contact us at the address above or telephone us on the number provided.
Alternatively, you can e-mail us at: info@uwdl.com
Inaccuracies and Corrections
We would like to keep your personal data accurate and up to date.
If you become aware of any errors or inaccuracies please let us know by e-mailing: info@uwdl.com
SEO company
Articles:
Sitemap:
Privacy Policy:
Disclaimer:
Links:
Tell A Friend
© 2001-2014 Utopia Creative Solutions Ltd.
All Rights Reserved.Croydon - London - Surrey - UK
SEO expert :