http://www.hanel.us/us/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
back
We are pleased that you are visiting our websites and taking an interest in our company. We are serious about protecting and securing the personal data you have entrusted with us and would like you to feel safe and comfortable when visiting our websites and using our offers. It is important to us that you know which personal data is collected when you use our offers and services and how we process it afterwards. Purpose of data processingTo the extent that WE process personal data, we do it for the purposes stated in this data protection policy.  Processing of personal data Accessing our websiteWe collect and store the IP address assigned to your computer in order to transmit the desired contents of our website to your computer (e.g. texts, pictures, files made available for download, etc.) (see Art. 6 para. 1 letter b GDPR). We also process this data in order to detect and prosecute abuse. The legal basis for this is Art. 6 para. 1 letter f GDPR. Our legitimate interest in data processing is to ensure the proper functioning of our website and the transactions conducted on it.To the extent that we process your data for the purpose of providing the functions of our website, as described above, you are contractually obligated to make this data available to us. Other purposesPersonal data will also be processed when you provide this data to us of your own accord, whether for purposes of making a request or booking or ordering information materials or a newsletter. The legal basis for this is Art. 6 para. 1 letter b GDPR. In this respect, the data we process includes customer data, employee data and the data of suppliers to the extent that such data is necessary for the purposes stated in this data protection policy.To the extent that we process your data for purposes of receiving and processing your request, booking or (newsletter) order as described above, you are contractually obligated to make this data available to us. Without this data, we would not be able to provide these services. If you have consented to the processing of your personal data (see Art. 6 para. 1 letter a GDPR), you can revoke your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of the processing performed on the basis of your consent before you revoked it. Transfer to third partiesInformation may possibly also be processed by other companies, but only to the extent necessary for the purposes stated in this data protection policy or to the extent that the other company operates as a service provider / job processing bound by our instructions.We utilize service providers (located in Germany) in part to process data on our account (e.g. support in the processing of customer requests). In the cases described herein, the information is transferred to these third parties to allow for further processing. We select our external service providers carefully and regularly monitor them to ensure that your privacy continues to be protected.The service providers are service providers/ job processors bound by our instructions and therefore we obligate them, among other things, to handle your data exclusively on the basis of our instructions and in compliance with applicable data protection laws. In particular, they are obligated to treat your data as strictly confidential and they are also prohibited from processing the data for other purposes than agreed.Data is transferred to job processors on the basis of Art. 28 para. 1 GDPR. We neither sell your data to third parties nor market it in any other way.  In addition, your data will be transferred to the criminal prosecution authorities and where applicable, to injured third parties without your express consent if that is necessary to investigate any unlawful use of our services or for law enforcement purposes. However, this will only happen if there are concrete indications of unlawful or abusive behavior. Data may also be transferred if this serves the purpose of enforcing the conditions of use or other agreements. We are also legally required to provide information to certain public authorities upon request. Such public authorities are criminal prosecution authorities, authorities pursuing administrative offenses punishable by fines, and tax authorities.Such data will be transferred on the basis of our legitimate interests in combating abuse, prosecuting crimes and securing, asserting and enforcing claims except where such interests are overridden by your rights and interests in the protection of your data (Art. 6 para. 1 letter f GDPR).Planned data transfer to third countriesA transfer to third countries is not planned at the present time; otherwise, the applicable legal conditions will be fulfilled. In particular, you will be informed of the recipients or categories of recipients in accordance with the legal requirements.SecurityWe employ technical and organizational safeguards to protect the data you have provided to us against accidental or intentional manipulation, loss, destruction or access by unauthorized persons. The same applies when external services are purchased. The efficacy of our safeguards is reviewed and they are continually improved in line with technological advances. When personal data is entered, it is always encrypted before transmission.CookiesWe use cookies in some areas to make our website more user-friendly for you and adapt it optimally to your needs. A cookie is a small file that is stored locally on your computer as soon as you visit a website. When you visit the website again from the same terminal device, the cookie shows (for example) that this is a repeat visit. Cookies also enable us to analyze the use of our website. The cookie does not contain any personal data and it is not suited for identifying you on the websites of third parties, including the websites of analytics providers. We use the following types of cookies:Fundamental/ necessary cookiesThese cookies are fundamentally important for the functioning of our website. Functions include the assignment of anonymous session IDs for the purpose of bundling multiple queries to one web server and the error-free functioning of registrations and orders.Functionality cookiesThese cookies help us store the settings you have selected or support other functions when you navigate within our website. This way, we can note your preferred settings for your next visit and store your log-in data for certain areas of our website.Performance/ statistical cookiesThese cookies collect information about how you use our website (e.g. Internet browser used, number of visits, pages accessed and the length of time spent on the website). These cookies do not store information that would allow for the personal identification of visitors. The information collected with the aid of these cookies is aggregated and is therefore anonymous. You can accept or reject the use of cookies – also for web tracking – in the settings of your web browser. You can configure your browser in such a way as to always reject the use of cookies or to be informed in advance when a cookie is stored. In this case, however, the functionality of the website may be impaired (e.g. for placing orders). Your browser also offers a function for deleting cookies (e.g. delete browser data). You can find additional information on this subject in the operating instructions and usually also in the settings of your Internet browser.Website-tracking Google Analytics and its advertising functionsOur website uses the web analytics service Google Analytics of Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies”, which are text files that are stored on our computer and make it possible to analyze your use of the website. The information about your use of this website generated by the cookie is usually transmitted to a server of Google in the United States and stored there. If IP anonymization is activated on this website, however, Google will shorten your IP address before transmitting it. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a server of Google in the United States and shortened there. Google uses this information on our behalf to analyze the use of this website, compile reports and provide other services related to the usage. The IP address transmitted by your browser as a function of Google Analytics is not combined with other data of Google. You can prevent the storage of cookies by changing the corresponding setting in your browser software; in this case, however, please note that you will not be able to use all the functions of this website.We also point out separately that we have activated all the advertising functions of Google Analytics. Therefore, additional access data is collected to the extent that you provide it. The advertising function provides us with performance reports on the basis of demographic criteria, interests and remarketing.Personal data cannot be combined with personal data if it is collected with the aid of Google advertising products.You can also prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie in relation to your usage (including your IP address) and processing by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at the following link (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-us). You can prevent data collection by Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie will then be placed on your computer to prevent the future collection of your data when you visit this website:Disable Google AnalyticsYou can find more detailed information on the terms and conditions of use and data protection at https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html and at https://policies.google.com/?hl=en&gl=us.  Please note that the “anonymizeIp” code has been added to Google Analytics on this website in order to ensure the anonymized collection of IP addresses.Advertising, e-mail advertising (newsletter)We inform you about our current offerings, new developments and products in our newsletter. If you wish to receive the newsletter, we will need a valid e-mail address from you. The data entered into the entry form during the registration process will be collected. We ask you for you title and name so that we can address you personally. Naturally, you can also use a pseudonym for this purpose. This data will only be used for transmitting the newsletter. In addition to this data, we also store the registration date. This record only serves the purpose of evidence in the event that a third party abuses your e-mail address and orders the newsletter under your e-mail address without your knowledge.Termination / revocation: Naturally, you can always object to the further use of your data for advertising and marketing purposes – even when this is legally permissible without your knowledge (e.g. postal advertising) – by sending us a simple message.You can always revoke your consent to store and use your personal data for the purpose of newsletter transmission by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in the newsletter.  Links to websites of other providersOur website may contain links to the websites of other providers. Please note that this data protection policy only refers to this website. We have no influence on other websites and do not monitor other provides to ensure that they comply with the applicable data protection regulations. Protection of minorsChildren and persons under 18 years of age should not transmit any personal data to us without the consent of their parents or legal guardians. We do not request personal data from children, do not collect such data and do not transfer it. Standard time periods for data erasureThe law stipulates many different retention periods and obligations. The corresponding data is routinely erased after the expiration of these retention periods. If data is not affected by such retention periods and obligations, it will be erased or anonymized when the purposes stated in this data protection policy no longer apply. If this data protection policy does not contain any other, contradictory provisions on the subject of data storage, the data collected by us will be stored by us for as long as necessary to fulfill the aforementioned purposes for which it was collected. Other data uses and data erasureAny further processing or uses of your personal data is generally performed only when a statutory regulation allows it or when you have consented to the data processing or use. If we process data for other purposes than those for which the data was originally collected, we will inform you of these other purposes and provide you with other relevant information prior to processing.  Detection and prosecution of abuseWe store information for the purpose of detecting and prosecuting abuse, particularly including your IP address, for a maximum of 7 days. The legal basis for this is Art. 6 para. 1 letter f GDPR. Our legitimate interest in keeping the data for 7 days is to ensure the proper functioning of our website and the transactions conducted on it and to prevent cyber-attacks and the like. Where applicable, we use anonymous usage information for the sake of designing our website to meet the needs of users. Rights related to the processing of personal dataRight of accessPursuant to Art. 15 GDPR, you have the right at any time to receive information from us, upon request, about your personal data processed by us. You can send such a request by letter or e-mail to the addresses indicated below.Right to rectification of incorrect dataYou have the right to demand the immediate rectification by us of your personal data if is incorrect (Art. 16 GDPR). Please contact us at the contact addresses indicated below to do this. Right to erasureYou have the right to immediate erasure (“right to be forgotten”) of your personal data when the legal grounds laid out in Art. 17 GDPR apply. Such grounds apply, for example, when the personal data is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was originally processed no longer apply or if you have revoked your consent and there is no other legal basis for the processing, and when the data subject notifies an objection to processing (and there are no overriding grounds for processing; this does not apply in the case of objections to direct advertising). To assert this right, please contact us at the contact addresses indicated below. Right to restriction of processingYou have the right to restriction of processing when the conditions are met and in accordance with Art. 18 GDPR. According to these provisions, the restriction of processing may especially be appropriate when the processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests the restriction of processing of this data instead, or when the data subject has objected to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 para. 1 GDPR, pending the verification of whether our legitimate grounds override yours. To assert this right, please contact us at the contact addresses indicated below. Right to data portabilityYou have the right to data portability pursuant to Art. 20 GDPR. This means you have the right to receive the personal data concerning you that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and the right to transmit this data to another controller such as another service provider, for example. The precondition for such a request is that the processing is based on a consent or a contract and the processing is carried out by automated means. To exercise this right, please contact us at the contact addresses indicated below.Right to objectPursuant to Art. 21 GDPR, you have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to the processing of personal data concerning you which is based on Art. 6 para. 1 letter e or f GDPR. We will discontinue the processing of your personal data unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms, or if the processing serves the purpose of the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. To exercise this right, please contact us at the contact addresses indicated below. Right to complain to a supervisory authority If you believe that our processing of personal data concerning you is unlawful, you have the right to complain to the supervisory authority with jurisdiction over us, which you can contact as follows:State Commissioner for Data Protection and Information Freedom  Postfach 10 29 32 70025 Stuttgart Tel.: 0711/615541-0 E-Mail: poststelle@lfdi.bwl.deData Protection Officer If you have any further questions about the processing of your personal data, you can contact our Data Protection Officer directly. This person is also available to you for requests for information, applications or complaints:Data Protection Officer of Hänel GmbH & Co. KGKocherwaldstrasse 25  74177 Bad Friedrichshall, Germany Tel. +49 71 36 / 2 77 0 E-mail: info@haenel.de Contact data of the controller:Hänel GmbH & Co. KG Kocherwaldstrasse 25  74177 Bad Friedrichshall, Germany  Tel. +49 71 36 / 2 77 0 E-Mail: info@haenel.deChanges to this data protection policyThe further development of the Internet and our website could also affect our data protection policy. We reserve the right to change this data protection policy in the future. If we use your personal information in a different way than indicated at the time of collection as indicated herein, we will attempt to notify you by e-mail using the latest information in our possession. If notification is not possible, we will not use your personal information in a new way. At any rate, a prominent notice to this effect will be posted on the websites. Status: May 2018.