http://www.wstreet.com/user/privacy.asp
Hello! Sign in or Register
Home
Member Services
Daily Commentary
Hotline
Latest Report
Trading Alerts
Hotline Archives
Hotline Summary
Open Positions
Portfolio Approach
Swing Strategies
Latest Report
Trading Alerts
Swing Strategies Archives
Swing Strategies Summary
Payne's Perspective
The Dividend Report
New Subscriber Kit
Position Tracker
Java Charts
About Us
In The Media
Track Record
Employment
About WStreet
Corporate Info
Contact Us
Education
Video Tutorials
Three Mistakes
Our Methodology
Our Philosophy
Exit Strategy
Tech Analysis
Fundamentals
Trading Guidelines
Options Trading
Volume Spikes
Hotline Portfolio Approach
Using the Position Tracker
FAQ
Services
Hotline
Swing Strategies
Subscription Info
Free Commentary
Your Account
Your Account
Lost Password
Change Password
Change Email
Txt Msgs
Trading Alert Emails
Help
Logout
PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is important us. While we collect information from our users at
several different points on this website, we will not sell, share, or rent this information
to other companies other than as disclosed in this Statement, and we take
precautions to ensure that our users' personally identifiable information
is secure within our facilities.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
Registration
In order to access
certain features on this website, you must complete a registration form,
which requires contact information (e.g., name and email address). We
may use this information to contact you about the services on our site
for which you have expressed interest. You will also be asked to provide
demographic information (such as investment goals and trading style) and
unique identifiers (such as address). Demographic information is not required
but encouraged so we may provide a more personalized experience on our
site.
Subscription Order
Our order form also
requests contact information (e.g., name and billing address) and financial
information (e.g., credit card number, expiration date). We will use this
information for billing purposes and to fill your order. If we have trouble
processing an order, we will use this contact information to contact you.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time
our website may request information from you via surveys or contests such
as contact information (e.g., name and shipping address) and demographic
information (e.g., zip code and age level). Participation in these surveys
or contests is completely voluntary, and you therefore may choose whether
or not to disclose this information. Contact information will be used
to notify winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used to
monitor or improve the use and satisfaction of this website.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece
of data we may store on your hard drive containing information about you.
For example, if our website stores a cookie on your hard drive, our website
would remember your password so that you would not have to retype it each
time you visited our website. Cookies also enable us to track and target
your interests to enhance your experience on our site. However, we do
not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer not originally
sent in a cookie. You can program your browser to reject cookies but your
use of our website will be limited in some areas.
Some of our business
partners use cookies on our site (e.g., advertisers). However, we have
no access to or control over these cookies.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer our site, track the movement of users, and gather broad
demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are linked to personally identifiable client profile
information. We do not provide this information to third parties.
Sharing
We will share aggregated
demographic information with our partners and advertisers, but we will
not share any personally identifiable information that would enable the
partner or advertiser to identify you.
We use a credit card
processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies
do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information
for any other purpose.
COMMUNICATION FROM US OR THIRD PARTIES
Special Offers
We send all new users
a welcoming email to verify password and username. Registered users will
occasionally receive information on products, services and special deals
and a newsletter. Out of respect for your privacy, we present the option
to not receive these types of communications. Please see Choice/Opt-Out
below.
Site and Service Updates
We also send users
site and service announcement updates. Registered users are not able to
de-subscribe from service announcements because they contain important
information about the service. Finally, we communicate with users to provide
requested services and in regards to issues relating to accounts via email
or phone.
CHOICE/OPT-OUT
At the point where
we ask for information, our users are given the opportunity to 'opt-in'
to permit us to use their information for purposes not directly related
to our site. For example, our order form has an 'opt-in' mechanism allowing
users who purchase products from us to permit us to put their email addresses
on one or more of our lists so they may receive marketing material.
If you no longer wish
to receive our newsletter or promotional materials from our partners you
may opt-out of receiving these communications by visiting the User Preferences
link in the email, following the "Edit Your Profile" link on the website,
emailing us at help@wstreet.com or calling 800-286-1145 and asking for
customer service.
We will always notify
you when your information is being collected by any outside parties. We
do this so you can make an informed choice as to whether or not you will
proceed with services that require an outside party.
CORRECTION/UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may correct,
update or remove the personally identifiable information you provided
to us at the User Profile page (found at the "Edit Your Profile" link
or by emailing our Customer Support (help@wstreet.com).
SECURITY
We take every precaution
to protect your sensitive information both online and off-line. Sensitive
information (e.g., credit card and social security numbers) received in
response to our registration and order forms is encrypted and is protected
by SSL, which is among the best encryption software in the industry. While
you are on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon at the
bottom of the page on Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft
Internet Explorer appears locked, as opposed to un-locked or open, as
it is when you are just 'surfing'.
While we use SSL encryption
to protect sensitive information online, we have also implemented procedures
to protect your information off-line. All of your information, not just
the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices
and only employees who need the information to perform a specific job
(e.g., our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted
access to personally-identifiable information. Our employees are required
to use password-protected screen-savers. Furthermore, ALL employees are
kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practice and our employees
are notified and reminded each quarter, as well as each time our policies
are revised, of the importance we place on privacy and how employees can
ensure your information is protected. Finally, the servers on which we
store personally-identifiable information are kept in a secure environment,
behind a locked cage.
If you have any questions about the security at our website, you may email us at info@wstreet.com.
LINKS
This website contains
links to other websites; however, we are not responsible for the privacy
practices of such other websites. We encourage you to be aware when you
leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each and every
website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy
statement applies solely to information collected by this website.
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected. We
will always post our privacy policy on our website and on our homepage so you are always aware of what information
we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Home |
Products & Services |
Education |
In The Media |
Help |
About Us |
Disclaimer |
Privacy Policy |
Terms of Use |
All Rights Reserved.