http://www.hawker.com/legal-terms
Skip to Content
Hawker Pacific Aerospace
Legal Terms
Terms and Conditions Company Information Privacy Policy
Legal Terms
Terms and Conditions
Hawker Pacific Aerospace's General Purchase and Sale Terms and Conditions and the Technical Data Export Control Policy and Procedure
... more
Company Information
Company address and basic legal information on Hawker Pacific Aerospace
... more
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy: Data protection statement
... more
Cookie Settings
We use cookies so that we can offer you the best possible website experience. This includes cookies which are necessary for the operation of the website and to manage our corporate commercial objectives, as well as other cookies which are used solely for anonymous statistical purposes, for more comfortable website settings, or for the display of personalised content. You are free to decide which categories you would like to permit. Please note that depending on the settings you choose, the full functionality of the website may no longer be available. Further information can be found in our Privacy Policy.
Necessary
Statistics
Comfort
Personalization
By selecting this category, the categories Statistics and Comfort will also be activated.
Imprint
Hide details
Necessary These cookies are necessary to run the core functionalities of this website, e.g. security related functions.
Statistics In order to continuously improve our website, we anonymously track data for statistical and analytical purposes. With these cookies we can, for example, track the number of visits or the impact of specific pages of our web presence and therefore optimize our content. Comfort We use these cookies to make using our website even more comfortable for you. For example, on www.lufthansa-technik.com we save your previously gathered information on the dashboard. Personalization These cookies are used to display personalized content matching your interests. We can display special offers which are perfectly suited to your needs.
Confirm selection
Select all