https://www.kdm.co.uk/privacy-policy/
01473 276 900
sales@kdm.co.uk
Facebook
Facebook
0 Items
MENUMENUHomeProducts
Manufactured Garden ProductsTimber TradingTreatment
LogisticsEnvironmentOur HistoryContact UsSearch
Search for:
View Garden Products Catalogue
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how KDM International Ltd (“KDM”) uses and protects any information that you give KDM when you use this website. It also explains when and why we collect personal information about people.
KDM is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Any questions regarding this policy and our privacy practices can be sent to privacy@kdm.co.uk.
KDM may change this policy at any time by updating this page. You should check this page occasionally to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 08/11/2017.
How we collect Information from you
We obtain information about you when you use our website in the following ways:
Submitting your personal details on our Contact Us form for any enquiries. We only maintain data that you supply when submitting this form
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name
Contact information including email address and telephone number
Other information relevant to you when submitting any Comments
What we do with the information we gather
We use this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, such as illustrated in the examples below:
Send you communications which you have requested and maybe of interest to you
Improve our products and services
Notify you of any changes to our products or services
Send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have
provided.
Who has access to your Information?
Only employees of KDM International Ltd and its sister company of Svenskhomes Developments Ltd will have direct access to the information you have provided us
We will not sell or rent your information to third parties
We will not share your information with third parties unless requested by you
We will not pass any information that we hold about you to any third parties unless this is necessary in respect of performance of a contract we enter into with you.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information and your right to be forgotten
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Opting in to market campaigns by ticking the relevant box on our Contact Us Form. We will not contact you for marketing purposes unless you have given us your
prior consent
You can change your marketing preferences at any time by emailing us at sales@kdm.co.uk or contacting us by phone on 01473 276900.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the new General Data Protection Regulation. If you would like a copy of the information held on you, please write to:
KDM International Ltd
18 The Havens
Ransomes Europark
Ipswich
Suffolk
IP3 9SJ
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
You also have a right to be forgotten, so if you no longer wish us to hold information about you, please contact us and we will remove all your personal details from our systems including legacy systems.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy