https://www.dunhouse.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy policy
www.dunhouse.co.uk is part of Dunhouse Quarry Co. Ltd. This privacy policy explains how we use any personal information we collect about you when you use this website.
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information about you when you register with us or place an order for products or services. We also collect information when you voluntarily complete customer surveys, provide feedback and participate in competitions. Website usage information is collected using cookies.
How will we use the information about you?
We collect information about you to process your order, manage your account and, if you agree, to email you about other products and services we think may be of interest to you.
We use your information collected from the website to personalise your repeat visits to our website. If you agree, we shall pass on your personal information to our group of companies so that they may offer you their products and services.
Dunhouse Quarry Co. Ltd. will not share your information for marketing purposes with companies outside the Dunhouse Quarry Co. Ltd. organisation.
In processing your order, we may send your details to, and also use information from credit reference agencies and fraud prevention agencies.
Marketing
We would like to send you information about products and services of ours and other companies in our group which may be of interest to you. If you have consented to receive marketing, you may opt out at a later date.
You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes or giving your information to other members of the Dunhouse Quarry Co. Ltd.. If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please click here.
Access to your information and correction
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email or write to us at the following address. We may make a small charge for this service.
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
Cookies
You can find out more about our use of cookies on our Cookies Policy page.
For further information visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However in a few cases some of our website features may not function as a result.
Other websites
Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 3rd October 2018
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you:
By email at enquiries@dunhouse.co.uk
Or write to us at Dunhouse Quarry Ltd. Cleatlam, Darlington, County Durham, DL2 3QU