http://www.heska.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Products
Lab Diagnostics
View All Element DC5X Element HT5 Element COAG Element i+ Element POC Element DC Reset HemaTrue Lab Software
Digital Imaging
View All Cuattro DR HD Cuattro US10 Cuattro Hub DentiPod SonoPod Cuattro Uno HeskaView+
Allergy
View All Allercept Therapy Shots Allercept Therapy Drops Allercept Testing Veterinary Diagnostic Lab
IV Pump & Other
View All IV Pump Supplements Contract Manufacturing
Support Learn Company
About Us Careers Heska’s Worldwide Distributor Partners Heska’s International Lab Partners
Contact Us Investors
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: November 28, 2016
This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) details all personal information Heska Corporation (“Heska”) collects about you on the Heska.com website from which you linked (“Site”); how we use and protect that information; and choices that may be made regarding your personal information. Your visit to and use of the Site is subject to this Privacy Policy and to our Terms of Use which may be found here: Terms of Use. Heska respects your privacy and is committed to its protection through our compliance with this Privacy Policy.   Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to fully understand our practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Site. By accessing or using this Site, you agree to the terms contained in this Privacy Policy.   This Site and Privacy Policy were developed for residents of the United States. If you are a resident of another country or you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please close out of the Site without providing any personal information. Third Party Websites Our Site may contain links to third-party websites, content and services that are not owned or controlled by Heska. It is important and recommended that you read, very thoroughly, the privacy policies and terms inherent to any third party options. Heska is not responsible for how these entities operate their sites or manage your personal information.   Information Collected and Used by Heska Upon registering, signing up for a service, or contacting Heska via email or our Site, your email address or other personally identifiable information will be collected and stored. Registration information about you may include name, address, telephone number, fax number, email address, information about your company or organization, and/or other program, promotion or service specific information as required.   Additionally, your personal information may be automatically collected through your use of the Site, e.g., your IP address and how you navigate our Site. See also, our Cookies and Tools Section below.   Our Site is not intended for children or minors. No child or minor may provide any personal information to or the Site. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children or minors. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child or minor, we will delete that information.   How Heska Uses Personal Information Your personal information may be used in the following ways:   To Serve You: In response to your inquiries about a specific product or service offering, a Heska representative may contact you with the information you have requested. In response to your inquiries about a promotion, we will provide applicable materials per your request as well as communications about related products. In order to deliver the content and services and customer support we believe you will find the most relevant to your request, we will utilize your contact information.    Additionally, we may elect to use personal identifiers to recognize you when you arrive at the Site via an external link, e.g., such as a link appearing on a third party site or in an email sent to you by Heska Corporation. See also our Cookies and Tools section below.   To Validate Your Ability to Access / Use Certain Products, Services and Information: Certain products, services and information offered by Heska Corporation may only be suitable for/ accessible to individuals meeting certain eligibility or other criteria that may need to be verified.  For example, certain information relating to Heska’s products is intended only for, and accessible only to, licensed veterinary professionals. Heska may validate your licensure and eligibility to view such information via information collected directly from you through your use of the Site.   In Accordance with Special Program Terms: Special programs, activities, events or promotions may sporadically be offered via the Site (“Special Programs”) that require their own specific terms, privacy notices and/or informed consent forms that explain how your personal information (collected via the Site) will be utilized or managed in connection with said Special Program (“Special Program Terms”). Heska will honor all Special Program Terms with respect to the personal information provided by you. Heska does not make it standard procedure to share your information with third parties. Should any Special Programs require the sharing of your information for purposes of the program, you will be provided with notice of this action and an opportunity to decide not to participate in the program ahead of any final sign-up actions. You may also be offered the opportunity to agree to or opt-out of the sharing of your information with such third party. But, in some instances, it may be necessary to agree to sharing with a third party in order to participate in a particular Special Program. If you consent to said special programs, Heska will share your information with the third party involved. This third party may use your personal information according to the Special Program Terms, but also for their own purposes according to the third party entities own Terms and Conditions. Heska strongly recommends in these cases that you review both the Special Program Terms and any applicable third party policies and terms of use before participating.   To Identify Those Who Benefit from/Recommend Our Products/ Services: From time to time, those who have business relations or who have benefitted from or recommended Heska’s products and services may be contacted by us, e.g., veterinary professionals or those affiliated with the veterinary industry.   In Aggregated or De-Identified Form: Aggregation and/or de-identification of heska.com visitor data may occur for various business purposes including development of products and services and/or improvement activities.   How We Share Your Personal Information Heska may share your personal information as follows:   With Service Providers and Business Partners: Other companies and individuals may be retained by Heska to perform services or other business functions on Heska’s behalf. We may collaborate with said companies and individuals with respect to particular products or services (collectively, “Providers”). Providers may include, but are not limited to, data analysis firms, credit card processing companies, customer service and support providers, email and SMS vendors, web hosting and development companies and fulfillment companies. Providers also include our co-promote partners for products that we jointly develop and/or market with other companies. Certain Providers may collect information on our behalf through the Site. Certain third parties may be provided with access to personal information needed to perform the business functions for which they were retained, but they may not use such information other than on Heska’s behalf and only under signed contract of nondisclosure that protects the confidentiality of the information. Additionally, as noted above, we may share information with third parties in accordance with Special Program Terms, unless you select the opt-out/do not consent option within the program sign-up process.   To Comply with Law: If lawfully required, we reserve the right to disclose your personal information when we believe said disclosure is necessary to comply with a regulatory requirement, judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served upon Heska Corporation, or in protection of the customer safety, rights, or property or the safety, rights or property of the public or of Heska Corporation.   In the Aggregate/De-identified: Your data may be disclosed to third parties by Heska in aggregate form or a de-identified form. Aggregate data is created by the pooling of information about individuals, with and description of said data in the aggregate, e.g., 20% of customers who clicked on the X promotion participated in the promotion.   Cookies and Tools: Heska and its business partners collect information about you by using cookies, tracking pixels and other technologies (collectively, “Tools”). This information is used for user experience purposes, where it serves to provide Heska a better understanding of customer behavior and where this customer behavior information will drive customization and improvement of the user experience with our websites, services and offerings. This data may be used as well as to guide our advertising decisions. For example, using web analytics services that leverage these Tools helps us to understand how user engagement with and navigate of our Site, e.g., the number of visitors to a page and when. These Tools also help Heska to deliver content and functionality on the site based on your preferences and interests. If you have provided us with personal information, e.g., through a registration or a request for certain materials, Heska may associate this personal information with information gathered through the Tools, giving us the capability to offer increased personalization and functionality.   Review settings on your web browser which allow you to control the acceptance of cookies, the rejection of cookies, or that allow you to be notified when cookies are sent to your browser. If your browser is set to reject cookies, websites that are cookie-enabled can’t recognize you when you return to the website, and some website functionality may be lost. Go to the Help section of your browser which may instruct you of how to prevent your browser from accepting cookies.   Security Policies Heska uses technical, administrative measures along with established procedures in an attempt to safeguard your personal and other information from unauthorized access or use. No measures will ever provide 100% security.  As such, Heska does not guarantee that your personal and other information will be secure from theft, loss, or unauthorized access or use.  Heska will make every best effort to establish the most robust measures and procedures as applicable to our business practices, but can’t provide with certainty the reasonableness, efficacy, or appropriateness of the measures we use to safeguard such information. Users are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of their own passwords. If for any reason you determine your interaction with Heska.com is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you may have with us has been compromised), please contact us at info@heska.com, to notify us immediately of this possibly breach of your security.   How We Respond to Do Not Track Signals Do Not Track is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers. When a user turns on the Do Not Track signal, the browser sends a message to websites requesting them not to track the user. Heska has met the obligations of the California Do Not Track legislation by accepting DNT no-track requests, as exemplified by the following protocols:
Users are offered up to three alternative choices for a Do Not Track preference: The users’ selection will determine whether the tracking preference is enabled or not enabled. Default tracking preference will be ‘unset’ or ‘not enabled’ unless a specific tracking preference is implied by the user’s decision to use that agent. Implementations of HTTP that are not under control of the user must not add, delete, or modify a tracking preference. Some controlled network environments, such as public access terminals or managed corporate intranets, might impose restrictions on the use or configuration of installed user agents. An HTTP intermediary must not add, delete, or modify a tracking preference expression in a request forwarded through that intermediary unless the intermediary has been specifically installed or configured to do so by the user making the request. If use of add-ons or plug-ins apply, and these extensions are capable of modifying configurations or making network requests, Heska assumes such extensions should provide an appropriate mechanism to determine the user’s tracking preference. Alterations made by extensions are only at the explicit choice of the user. The same applies to software not managed by Heska.com. Likewise, software outside of the user agent might filter network traffic or cause a user agent’s configuration to be changed. Software that alters a user agent configuration must adhere to the above requirements on a user agent extension. Software that filters network traffic must adhere to the above requirements on an HTTP intermediary. Heska does not specify how the tracking preference choices are offered to the user or how the preference is enabled: each implementation is responsible for determining the user experience by which a tracking preference is enabled.
Your Privacy Choices and Updates You always have the opportunity to update your user information as well as the preferences surrounding that information and its use. Different programs and services may ask for different information including phone numbers, links or preference managers that allow you to inform us of your updates and choices, including opting out of particular communications. For certain programs or services, some amount of minimal communication may be required. You may contact Heska through; the Site, emails, or through direct contact with a Heska representative over the phone. You may contact us for assistance at info@heska.com if you have any difficulty finding these tools or otherwise updating your information or preferences. Transfer of Data to Other Countries Depending on your geographic location, and internet connection, your personal information may be accessed/processed/transferred from or between the United States and other countries which may reduce the level of protection of your personal information from the level maintained in your country of residence. However, Heska will handle your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy regardless of where your personal information is stored/accessed. Updates to Our Privacy Policy Heska reserves the right to change our Privacy Policy at any time, at our discretion and without notice. All changes to the Privacy Policy will be effective at time of publishing the new Privacy Policy information to Heska.com. It is encouraged that you periodically review this page for the most updated information on Heska’s privacy practices. Your continued use of the Site after we make changes to this Privacy Policy is deemed to be acceptance of those changes. This Privacy Policy was updated as of the effective date listed above.   Contact Information To ask questions or comment about this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices, contact us at info@heska.com.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie Settings ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
Cookies and Tools: Heska and its business partners collect information about you by using cookies, tracking pixels and other technologies (collectively, “Tools”). This information is used for user experience purposes, where it serves to provide Heska a better understanding of customer behavior and where this customer behavior information will drive customization and improvement of the user experience with our websites, services and offerings. This data may be used as well as to guide our advertising decisions. For example, using web analytics services that leverage these Tools helps us to understand how user engagement with and navigate of our Site, e.g., the number of visitors to a page and when. These Tools also help Heska to deliver content and functionality on the site based on your preferences and interests. If you have provided us with personal information, e.g., through a registration or a request for certain materials, Heska may associate this personal information with information gathered through the Tools, giving us the capability to offer increased personalization and functionality. Review settings on your web browser which allow you to control the acceptance of cookies, the rejection of cookies, or that allow you to be notified when cookies are sent to your browser. If your browser is set to reject cookies, websites that are cookie-enabled can’t recognize you when you return to the website, and some website functionality may be lost. Go to the Help section of your browser which may instruct you of how to prevent your browser from accepting cookies. The third-party cookies used on our websites are used mainly for understanding how the website performs, how you interact with our website, keeping our services secure, providing advertisements that are relevant to you, and all in all providing you with a better and improved user experience and help speed up your future interactions with our website. Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
This is an necessary category.
Non Necessary
non-necessary
This is an non-necessary category.
Save & Accept