http://www.audiomasterclass.com/privacy-policy
Privacy policy
Cookies
Like virtually every website on the
Internet, the Audio Masterclass
website uses cookies to improve user experience and help us improve our
services. You can find out about cookies here: en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_cookie
Email
When a site user contacts us through the inquiry form, the data
entered is stored on our local database and also stored on a list
maintained at AWeber Communications (our email delivery service). We use
information from our local database for personal, individual
communication. Unsubscription is available on request. Information
stored by AWeber is used for broadcast mailouts. We use this information
for marketing purposes. Every email message has an unsubscribe link by
which a user can opt out of broadcast mailouts.
Server logs
All website visits are logged, included the pages accessed and users'
IP addresses. We use this information to check site functionality and
to investigate any abuse of the site or our servers.
Data sharing
We do not share any of the data we collect. AWeber Communications is
able to view the data they store; Liquid Web Inc. (our web hosting
company) is able to view server logs. The companies we use to analyze
the efficiency of our website and advertise our services may use their
own cookies. They may use such cookies to collect data with respect to
the way in which the site is used and
response to advertising.
Advertising
The Audio Masterclass website features advertising from third parties, advertising networks and affiliate advertisers.
You and your data
Access to Audio Masterclass services requires your explicit consent.
If you consent to receive our newsletters, information and offers, or
enroll with the Audio Masterclass Academy, then you have the right to
view any information we hold about you, to change or correct that
information where necessary, and to withdraw consent at any time. If
consent is withdrawn then we will delete your data but please be aware
that we cannot then provide services to you.
Home Page | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Returns Policy
© Imaginative Resources Ltd.
2020. All rights reserved.