http://www.epleidsche.nl/en/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
https://www.facebook.com/beyerskoffienv/
https://twitter.com/Beyerskoffie
https://www.linkedin.com/company/beyers-koffie
+32 (0) 52 30 00 30
info@beyers.eu
Thank you for visiting our website. In accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), this privacy statement tells you how Beyers Koffie NV collects and uses personal information. You are encouraged to read this privacy statement when you visit the website or have a relationship where we keep personal information about you to ensure that you understand how personal information will be processed and used.
1. Why is information collected?
We strive to use all personal data we collect only with your permission. If your explicit consent is not requested, this data is collected from a legal obligation such as, for example, tax legislation or for the execution of a contractual agreement. We will also process personal data in order to achieve our marketing and other commercial objectives.
2. What information is collected?
Visitors to this website
Through this website we collect personally identifiable information such as IP addresses and visitor behavior via cookies to see how the website is used. If you wish, you can also subscribe to newsletters with which we collect additional information such as your name and e-mail address.
Customers
In order to maintain our commercial relationships, we collect contact information from our customers such as name, telephone number and e-mail address, as well as the history of our communication and commercial transactions.
Suppliers
For operational reasons, we also collect the contact details of our suppliers. These are name, telephone number and e-mail address, as well as the history of our communication and commercial transactions.
Staff members
In order to fulfill our obligations as an employer, we collect a number of personal data from our employees. A separate privacy statement is available internally for the employees of Beyers Coffee, who more specifically discusses the various rights and obligations of ourselves as an employer and the employees on the other hand.
3. How is the information collected?
When visiting our website, we collect information when it is provided voluntarily by our visitors. For the proper functioning of this website and analysis of its use, cookies and tracking technology are used, depending on the functions offered. Cookie and tracking technology is useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the website and understanding how visitors use the site. Cookies can also help adapt the website to visitors, such as language. Personal information cannot be collected through cookies and other tracking technology, but if you have previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be associated with such information. For a detailed explanation on the use of cookies, please refer to our specific cookie policy.
Additional information that you provide via this website will only be used to fulfill your specific request, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists.
4. How do you keep control over your information?
We ensure that you retain maximum control over the data we collect about you. You can remove your cookies from your browser and manage what you reveal about yourself. For information regarding other personal data, you can always contact us for further questions and, if necessary, to exercise your rights as a data subject.
5. What do we do with your data?
The information we keep on this website gives us an insight into how the website is used. It also gives the website a number of functionalities for you as a user. The personal data that we collect alongside is in function of good business operations. These are only shared with third parties if a processor agreement has been concluded for this. Here we have clearly stated what responsibilities these third parties have and what the data is shared for, for example, for keeping data on an external IT system.
In exceptional cases, we may share information with governmental agencies or other companies that help us prevent or investigate fraud. The information is not provided to third parties for marketing purposes.
6. How long do we keep your data?
The data is not kept longer than what it is necessary for. For the retention period of cookies, we gladly refer to the cookie policy. As a rule of thumb, we do not keep personal data for longer than 10 years after the last transaction date If there are no legal or tax obligations, you can always request to have your personal data removed earlier.
7. How do we ensure the security of information?
Your personally identifiable information is kept safe. Beyers Coffee has taken a number of technical and organizational measures to guarantee the security of the information. For example, the data is stored in secure data centers and there is access control. Only authorized employees and third parties that have agreed to process the information securely and confidentially have access to this information.
Contact details for privacy
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please contact us using the contact details below:
By email: info@beyers.eu
By post: Koning Leopoldlaan 3 - 2870 Puurs-Sint-Amands - Belgium
By phone: 052 30 00 30
This policy was last reviewed on 15 July 2020.
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy.