https://www.1800wheelchair.com/privacy-policy/
Take 6% Off Sitewide With Code HOLIDAY
(excluding pride and exclusive products)
Your Account
Cart 0
Shopping Cart is Empty
Your Cart is Empty
Click here to continue shopping.
Financing Options AvailableFree Shipping on All Orders Over $59! $59 Free Shipping!
Toggle navigation
menu
Shopping Cart
My Account
Toggle Search
Wheelchairs
Manual Wheelchairs
Lightweight Wheelchairs
Standard Weight
Reclining Back
Heavy Duty
Rigid Ultralight Weight
Sport Wheelchairs
Beach Wheelchairs
Pediatric Wheelchairs
Adaptive Strollers
Bathroom Wheelchairs
Commercial Use Wheelchairs
Power Wheelchairs
Folding / Portable
Outdoor
Heavy Duty
Power Chair Accessories
Batteries & Chargers
Transport Wheelchairs
Transport Chairs
Travel Chairs
Heavy Duty
Bathroom Wheelchairs
Pediatric Wheelchairs
Handcycles
Sports Wheelchairs
Commercial Use Wheelchairs
Terminal Chairs
Airplane Aisle Wheelchairs
MRI Wheelchairs
Wheelchair Accessories
Wheelchair Cushions
Wheelchair Back Cushions
Wheelchair Ramps
Bags & Totes
Batteries & Chargers
Wheelchair Parts
Wheelchair Tires
Wheels
Casters
Tubes for Wheelchairs
Best Seller
Feather Chair 13.5 lbs.
$499.00
View DetailsScooters
Portable
Indoor
Outdoor
Heavy Duty
3 Wheel Scooters
4 Wheel Scooters
Recreational Scooter
Scooter Accessories
Best Seller
EzFold Scooter
$1,599.00
View Details
Patient Lifts
Manual Patient Lifts
Power Patient Lifts
Stand Up Patient Lifts
Overhead Patient Lifts
Bath Lifts
Pool Lifts
Safe Patient Handling
Slings
Universal Everyday Slings
Bathing & Toileting Slings
Stand Up Slings
Best Seller
Hoyer Advance-E Power Lift
$2,878.00
View Details
Walkers
Rolling Walkers
4-Wheel Rollators
3-Wheel Rollators
2 Wheel Walkers
Standard Walkers
Heavy Duty Walkers
Canes
Standard Canes
Quad Canes
Folding Canes
Seat Canes
Fashion Canes
Heavy Duty Canes
Walking Sticks
Cane Accessories
Crutches
Knee Walkers
Specialty Walkers
Two-in-one Walker-Wheelchair
Walker Accessories
Best Seller
Rollz Motion2 Rollator & Transport Chair in One
$1149.95
View Details
Bathroom Safety
Commodes
Raised Toilet Seats
Bathroom Wheelchair
Shower Seats & Bath Benches
Transfer Benches
Walk-in Tubs
Grab Bars
Toilet Accessories
Bathroom Transfer Systems
Bath Lifts
Shower / Bath Accessories
Best Seller
Aquatec Ergo VIP Tilt-in-Space Shower Chair
$1,647.00
View Details
Furniture
Lift Chairs
2 Position Lift Chairs
3 Position Lift Chairs
Heavy Duty Lift Chairs
Zero Gravity Lift Chairs
Petite Lift Chairs
Medium Lift Chairs
Large Lift Chairs
Hospital Beds
Refurbished Hospital Beds
Overbed Tables
Geri Chairs
Mattresses
Bed Rails
Support Rails
Lifting Cushions
Hip Chairs
Trapeze Bars
Best Seller
Hill-Rom Resident LTC Bed
$6,048.00
View Details
Accessories
Wheelchair Accessories
Wheelchair Cushions
Wheelchair Back Cushions
Wheelchair Ramps
Bags & Totes
Batteries & Chargers
Gloves
Cup Holders
Cane, Crutch & Oxygen Attachements
Wheelchair Trays
Wheelchair Ramps
Threshold Ramps
Folding Portable Ramps
Van & SUV Ramps
Scooter Accessories
Scooter Lifts
Power Chair Accessories
Walker Accessories
Crutch Accessories
Cane Accessories
Lift Chair Accessories
Best Seller
EZ-Access Trifold Advantage Series Wheelchair Ramp
$279.00
View Details
Incontinence
Fastenable Briefs
Pull Ups & Underwear
Reusable Underwear
Pads & Liners
Bed Pads & Chucks
Cloths & Wipes
Cleaners, Creams & Lotions
Exam Gloves
Bedpans & Urinals
Ostomy
Best Seller
PURELL Hand Sanitizer Soothing Gel, Fresh Scent
$9.99
View Details
Kids
Pediatric Wheelchairs
Pediatric Walkers
Adaptive Strollers
Bath, Shower & Toilet
Standers, Seating & Positioning
Pediatric Standers
Pediatric Seating & Positioning
Best Seller
Ziggo Lightweight Wheelchair for Kids
$284.00
View Details
Parts
Medline Parts
Nova Products Parts
Quickie & Breezy Parts
Drive Medical Parts
Pride Parts
After Market Parts
COVID-19 Products
Log in
Email
Password
Login
Forgot Password
Shopping Cart
Shopping Cart is Empty
Your Cart is Empty
Click here to continue shopping.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.When do we collect information?We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or enter information on our site. How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:      • To quickly process your transactions.      • To ask for ratings and reviews of services or products      • To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)How do we protect your information?Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.We use regular Malware Scanning.Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order to maintain the safety of your personal information.All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.Do we use 'cookies'?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.We use cookies to:      • Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.      • Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.      • Keep track of advertisements.      • Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.If you turn cookies off, It won't affect the user's experience .Third-party disclosureWe do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. Third-party linksOccasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.GoogleGoogle's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en We have not enabled Google AdSense on our site but we may do so in the future.California Online Privacy Protection ActCalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpufAccording to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:Users can visit our site anonymously.Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above.You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:      • Via EmailCan change your personal information:      • By emailing us      • By chatting with us or by sending us a support ticketHow does our site handle Do Not Track signals?We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place. Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?It's also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral trackingCOPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.Do we let third-parties, including ad networks or plug-ins collect PII from children under 13?Fair Information PracticesThe Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:We will notify you via email      • Within 7 business daysWe also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.CAN SPAM ActThe CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.We collect your email address in order to:      • Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions      • Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.      • Send you additional information related to your product and/or service      • Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:      • Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.      • Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.      • Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.      • Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.      • Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.      • Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us      • Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email. and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
https://www.1800wheelchair.com
515 Canal St
New York, New York 10013
United States
[email protected]
1800-320-7140
Last Edited on 2018-05-24