https://www.crowleysdfk.ie/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit.
They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
The table below explains the cookies we use and why.
CookieTypeDurationDescriptionGoogle Analytics_utma, _utmb, _utmc, _utmzThese cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, click
including the number of visitors to the site, see
where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Click here for an overview of privacy at GoogleGPS030 minutesThis cookie is set by Youtube and registers a unique ID for tracking users based on their geographical locationIDE12 yearsUsed by Google DoubleClick and stores information about how the user uses the website and any other advertisement before visiting the website. This is used to present users with ads that are relevant to them according to the user profile.viewed_cookie_policy01 hourThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE15 monthsThis cookie is set by Youtube. Used to track the information of the embedded YouTube videos on a website.YSC1This cookies is set by Youtube and is used to track the views of embedded videos._ga02 yearsThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to calculate visitor, session, camapign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookies store information anonymously and assigns a randoly generated number to identify unique visitors._gat01 minuteThis cookies is installed by Google Universal Analytics to throttle the request rate to limit the colllection of data on high traffic sites._gid01 dayThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to store information of how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the wbsite is doing. The data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages viisted in an anonymous form.
Crowleys DFKHome
About Crowleys DFK
Meet Our Team
Work with Us
Our Clients
News & Publications
Contact Us
Request for Proposal
Client Portal
Our ServicesTax
Accounting Services & Outsourcing
Advisory
Governance, Risk & Compliance
Audit & Assurance
Public Sector Services
Our IndustriesForeign Direct Investment
Small & Medium Enterprises
Public Sector
Financial Services
Healthcare
Credit Union Sector
Technology
Our Industries (continued)Not-For-Profit
Legal & Professional Services
Property & Construction
Scroll to top
X We use cookies in our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of the cookies explicitly. Visit Cookie Settings to know more about the cookies used on our website.
Reject Accept SettingsCookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Analytics
analytics
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Performance
performance
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
Advertisement
advertisement
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
Save & Accept