https://www.glebefarmfoods.co.uk/about-glebe-farm/privacy-policy/
Home
Trade
For Manufacturers
We provide the purest gluten free oats, fully certified to the highest standards, and we can deliver to your specifications. Find out how we can help you and support your business.
For Foodservice
Source the gluten free oats and oat products your customers and clients demand. We offer unparalleled quality, reliability and a flexible service to match your needs.
For Retailers & Distributors
View the range of Glebe Farm products, check out our wholesaler distribution and review online buying options.
Login to your trade account here.
Retailers & Distributors
Foodservice
Manufacturers
Products & Shop
Where to buyGlebe Farm products are easy to buy through a number of well-known shops and stockists:Our Online SuppliersOur StockistsOur Wholesalers
Our ShopCerealsPureOaty Oat DrinkFloursBulk
Buy on Amazon
You can now buy Glebe Farm products from our Amazon store
Shop Online
Our Shop
About
About Glebe Farm
Learn more about the farm, our history and what matters to us.
The Oats
Find out more about our gluten free oats: how they are the purest and finest you will find, anywhere in the world.
Our Process
From Field to Folk:See the process we go through to keep your oats Gluten Free
Our Process
About Glebe Farm
The Hero
The Process
Quality statement
Living Gluten Free
Contact
Jobs
News
Events
Jobs
News
Events
Home
Privacy Policy
PrivacyPolicy
Glebe Farm Foods Limited is dedicated to protecting privacy and wants its site’s visitors to feel safe, both while browsing the site and when providing their personal data to use specific functions or services. We ask each visitor to keep in mind that the pages of our website may contain links to the websites of other, independent, subjects, for which this security declaration does not apply.
Browser data
While browsing, our systems collect a number of data (e.g. access date and time, pages visited, Internet Service Provider name and IP address used for Internet access, the Internet address from which our site was accessed, etc.), the transmission of which uses web communication protocols and which may be useful to improve the management and optimize the data sending and e-mail system. These data may also be used to collect anonymous statistical data on site use, to monitor its proper functioning, and are kept only for the time required for these purposes.
Data provided voluntarily by the user
In order to access certain services or functions, or to send requests, people browsing the site may send personal data to Glebe Farm Foods Limited (e.g. e-mail address, login data). Glebe Farm Foods Limited will process these data only to permit the provision of the services or functions and to manage requests.
Personal information we collect
When you visit the Site, Glebe Farm Foods Limited automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, Glebe Farm Foods Limited collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. Glebe Farm Foods Limited refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
“Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.“Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.“Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.Google Analytics is implemented with “page tags”, in this case, called the Google Analytics Tracking Code, which is a snippet of JavaScript code that the website owner adds to every page of the website. The tracking code runs in the client browser when the client browses the page (if JavaScript is enabled in the browser) and collects visitor data and sends it to a Google data collection server as part of a request for a web beacon.
Additionally, when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, Glebe Farm Foods Limited collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers), email address, and phone number.  Glebe Farm Foods Limited refer to this information as “Order Information.”When Glebe Farm Foods Limited talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, Glebe Farm Foods Limited are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.
How your personal information is used
Glebe Farm Foods Limited use the Order Information that is collected generally to fulfil any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations).Glebe Farm Foods Limited use the Device Information that is collected to help screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize the Site (for example, by generating analytics about how customers browse and interact with the Site).
Sharing your personal information
Glebe Farm Foods Limited share your Personal Information with third parties to help use your Personal Information, as described above. For example, our site uses  WordPress and Woocommerce to power our online store–you can read more about how WordPress and Woocommerce uses your Personal Information here: https://en-gb.wordpress.org/about/privacy/ and https://woocommerce.com/privacy-policy/. We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site–you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. We use Sage Pay to collect and process Order Information. View SagePay’s Policies at https://www.sagepay.co.uk/policies.Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
“Do not track”
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
Data Retention
When you place an order through the Site, Glebe Farm Foods Limited will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information. Part or all of your information may be retained if it is required to comply with Legal and Regulations pertaining to British Law.
Minors
The Site is not intended for individuals under the age of 18.
Your Rights
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information held about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.Additionally, if you are a European resident, Glebe Farm Foods Limited note that Glebe Farm Foods Limited are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts Glebe Farm Foods Limited might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.  Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
Contact Us
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at office@glebefarmfoods.co.uk or by mail using the details provided below:Glebe Farm, School Lane, Kings Ripton, Huntingdon, CAM, PE28 2NL, United KingdomCreated 25th June 2018.Last Modification 5th March 2020.