https://www.vosslighting.com/company/policies/
Contacting Voss Lighting
You can contact our Support Center by:
Phone: 402-328-2292  8 a.m. – 5 p.m. CST Monday-Friday
Email:   sc@vosslighting.com
To Change or Cancel an Order
All in-stock orders are normally processed and shipped the same day they are received, which occasionally can make it a challenge to change or cancel an order. If you need to change or cancel an order please contact the Voss Lighting Support Center as soon as possible and we will do our best to accommodate your request.
Shipping
All orders of $99 or more qualify for free ground shipping to an address in the 48 contiguous United States, any orders not qualifying for free shipping within the 48 contiguous United States will be charged a flat rate of $9.99. All orders shipped to Hawaii, Alaska, U.S. Territories or outside of the United States will be shipped freight prepaid and may incur additional charges.
Expedited shipping is available at an additional cost. Contact Voss Lighting directly to discuss your expedited or international shipping needs.
Returns
To return products you purchased from Voss Lighting, contact us within 10 days of receiving your shipment for a Return Merchandise Authorization number (RMA). At the time you receive your RMA number you will also be provided with a shipping address to send your items.
Items must be returned in their original packaging and in a salable condition. We will credit returned items to the original payment method within 10 days of receiving them in our warehouse and confirming their condition.
Clearance and Overstock Items
All sales are final on Clearance or Overstock Items.
Credit Card Security
Voss Lighting does not receive or store credit card numbers on its servers. All credit card transactions are handled securely by Stripe in a PCI compliment manner. For more information visit Strip’s Website.
Privacy
Any information gathered as part of your purchasing from Voss Lighting is used solely to process your order. Your information will not be sold, traded, shared or given away with the exception of the financial institution that processes your payment and the shipping carrier that delivers your order.
© Voss Lighting. All Rights Reserved. • Privacy Policy
Contact Us
If you have questions you can send us an email and we'll get back to you, asap.
Not readable? Change text.
I consent to Voss Lighting collecting my details through this form.
Send