http://www.constructionnational.co.uk/privacy
Construction National
Magazine, Online Directory and Web Design Service
Free Joomla 2.5 Extensions Joomla module Joomla Plugin
HomeNewsMuseums & GalleriesLatest IssueZoo ContractorsCare Home ContractorsAdvertiseEventsGet Listed
Skip to content
Fri11122020
Last updateTue, 08 Dec 2020 10am
search
Privacy
Details
Hits: 4192
This website is owned and operated by DMM Hosting Ltd. Registered Office: 26 Greek Street, Stockport, Cheshire SK3 8AB.
The company is registered with the Information Commissioner's Office - Certificate No Z3480374.
This privacy policy sets out how we use and protect any information that you may give when you use this website.
Purpose
The purpose of the site is to provide a platform for companies supplying the construction industry to offer their services to visitors, who are predominantly operating in that sector. The information displayed in each entry consists of the name, address, phone number, email address and website of each supplier, plus additional information on their particular areas of expertise.
Should you apply to be listed on this site via our online application form your data will not be used without first obtaining your specific consent.
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies' but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
We do not hold any sensitive personal data such as credit/debit card information.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Construction National
Current IssuePrivacyHomeNews
Top
Skip to content
Copyright © 2018 Construction National. All Rights Reserved. Designed by DMM Hosting Ltd.