http://www.satradingco.org/about/policies/privacy
Loading...
Work with us
Volunteer With Us
Donate To Us
Find your nearest donation bank
What can you donate?
What happens to your donations?
How the money helps
Why reuse and recycle?
Donate to The Salvation Army
Shop with us
Find your nearest shop
What can you donate?
What happens to your donations?
Why say yes to Gift Aid?
What's new in our shops?
Superstores
About Us
How the money helps
Environmental credentials
Our history: shops and recycling
About The Salvation Army
Find out what else we do
COVID-19 Secure Certificate 2020
Our Policies
Modern Slavery Statement 2020
Gender Pay Gap
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Partner with us
Schools and education
Local authority partners
Commercial partners
Bag it Bring it
Code of Conduct
Find a shop
Contact
Latest News
Work with us
Supporter's Shop
Search
Search form
Privacy Policy
Home / About Us / Our Policies / Privacy Policy
Volunteering
Find out how to volunteer
Donating
Find out how to donate
Shopping
Find out about our shops
Find my nearest clothing bank
Find my nearest shop
How we use your personal details
The Salvation Army Trading Company Ltd.’s purpose is to raise funds to support the mission of the Salvation Army throughout the UK and Republic of Ireland. We rely on the support of private individuals like you in purchasing our products or accessing one of our  many services so that we can continue to support the Salvation Army in its aims. That is why we want to be completely transparent about why we need the personal details we request when you engage with us and how we will use them.
The money raised through our charity shops, reuse and recycling schemes and music and trading divisions helps The Salvation Army fund its valuable work throughout the UK and Republic of Ireland. The Salvation Army extends a helping hand to those who are homeless, friendless and in need. They passionately believe that no one is beyond hope, however great their problems & that disadvantaged people be offered respect and access to the practical, social and spiritual support they need to realise their God-given potential and recover their personal dignity.
Salvation Army Trading Company full Privacy Policy
When we will get in touch
When you give us your personal details - for example when you purchase one of our products on line, call our customer service team, visit one of our roadshows, sign up for a newsletter or e mail updates, sign up to Gift Aid, ask us to collect donated clothing; you may receive follow up information from us relating directly to this activity, including how your support is helping the Salvation Army.
If you have provided us with consent to use your details for marketing purposes, then we may also contact you about offers, new products fundraising activities and other ways to support us. Where you consent to us sending you marketing information, we will treat this as lasting for three years unless we tell you otherwise at any time. We many also send you electronic or hard copy letters or catalogues where we think you would not object, and when you purchase goods from our on line stores retail or roadshow outlets. We provide easy ways to stop our marketing and you can opt-out at any time.
Your support is important to us and those whom the Salvation Army extends help to. We always act on your instructions and aim to put you in control of your relationship with us. Our aim is to communicate with you in a way that makes you want to stay involved with us for as long as possible, to make a difference and see the impact and value of support.
We will not share your data with third parties
Please be assured that you will not receive offers from other companies or organisations as a result of giving your details to us. We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties.
We may need to share limited information with our service providers who help us prepare and send you communications or process your donation or product order. However, we do not allow these organisations to use your data for their own purpose and take care to ensure that they keep your data secure and delete it when it is no longer needed.
How to stop or change how we communicate with you
If at any time you wish to stop or change how we communicate with you, or update the information we hold, please do get in touch using one of the following options:-
Write to Salvation Army Trading Company Ltd 66-78 Denington Road Denington Industrial Estate Wellingborough Northants NN8 2QH
E Mail marketing@satcol.org
Call 01933 445 445
You can opt out of our e mails by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our messages.
What details we ask and why
There are minimum levels of information we need to obtain for different purposes-such as donating clothing or ordering goods from our web sites or catalogues. We always ask you name and title so we know how to talk to you. We need your e-mail address which is mandatory on all our web sites. We will separately seek your permission to use this for our wider marketing communications.
You can state your preferences for contact by methods such as:-
E mail Yes/No
SMS Yes/No
Phone Yes/No
Post Yes/No
We ask for your house number and postcode so that we hold a valid postal address for you. This is needed for the following reasons
To deliver items to you
To receive post from us if you have agreed to marketing material
To Claim Gift aid
To take one off card payments if that option is your payment method when ordering goods
In order to ensure that the data we hold about you is accurate, we may occasionally use information sources that are in the public domain to verify your details, such as your postal address. Where you have given permission we may send you information which we believe you will be interested in.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to us at Salvation Army Trading Company Ltd 66-78 Denington Road, Denington Industrial Estate Wellingborough Northants NN8 2QH.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect in managing our relationship with you.
Registered Company no. 02605817 The Salvation Army registered charity 214779 and in Scotland no. SC009359Local Authority Login: click here
Work with us
Latest News
Contact Us