https://www.ksearchasia.com/privacy/
Home
Our Firm
Our Corporate Mission and Core Values
Our Organization
Our Clients
About Horton International
Your Executive Search and Recruitment Team in Manila Works at Full Capacity, Virtually!
Executive Search & Recruitment
Practice Areas
Executive Search Process and Methodology
Featured Jobs
Top Management Job Openings
Finance and Accounting Job Openings
Information Technology Job Openings
HR and Administration Job Openings
Marketing and Sales Job Openings
Banking Job Openings
Business Process Outsourcing Job Openings
Other Job Openings
Send Resume
Articles
Contact Us
PRIVACY POLICY
Thank you for visiting KSearch Asia Consulting, Inc. website. We are committed to protecting the privacy of our users. We will use our best efforts to ensure that the information you submit to us remains private. The personal information you provide is used solely by KSearch Asia Consulting, Inc. and is never given or sold to a third party for any purpose without your approval, with the exception of the specific instances named in this Privacy Statement. The term “you”, “your”, or “user” refers to the user or viewer of KSearch Asia Consulting, Inc.. The term “us”, “we”, “our” or “site” refers to KSearch Asia Consulting, Inc.. By using this Site, you agree to comply with and to be bound by the Terms of Use of this site. This Privacy Policy is a part of the Terms of Use.
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by KSearch Asia Consulting, Inc. and while we endeavor to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profit arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Through this website you may be able to link to other websites which are not under the control of KSearch Asia Consulting, Inc.. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, KSearch Asia Consulting, Inc. takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
We collect various categories of personal information on this Website. If you submit an inquiry or question via an online form or email, we may collect your name, email address, or other personal information contained in that correspondence. If you are a potential candidate, we may collect your name and contact details, information about your employment objectives, past and current employment and professional experience, educational background, language skills, and other data that you provide online through a form or a resume or CV. If you are a Client or potential Client, we may collect your name, contact details, title or position, products or services requested, or other information that you provide via online forms or email correspondence. With respect to all website visitors, we do not wish to collect any “sensitive” personal information, such as racial or ethnic origin, age, political, religious, or philosophical beliefs, sexual life, social security or other government identification numbers, trade union membership, health or medical conditions, or criminal history unless legally required for recruiting purposes.
© 2020
KSearch Asia Consulting, Inc.
| Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our
Terms of Service
and
Privacy Policy