https://www.royalwhitecement.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use – Royal White Cement
The World's White Cement
English
Français
Español
Careers
Menu
HomeAbout UsOur ServicesOur Products
White Portland Cement White Masonry Cement type N White Masonry Cement type S Calcium Aluminate Cement Calcium Sulfoaluminate Cement The Quickest Cement
VideosNewsConcrete CalculatorContact Us
Terms of Use
Royal White Cement > Terms of Use
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Real Estate WordPress Theme collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Real Estate WordPress Theme.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways in connection with activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site.. Users may visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Changes to this privacy policy
Real Estate WordPress Theme has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
About company
We remain true to the same principles on which our company was founded over a 17 years ago: providing superior service to our clients, putting safety first, creating opportunities for our people.
Contact info
You can always contact with us via email or phone. Get in touch with contact and get a quote form.
8316 East Freeway
Houston, Texas 77029
+1-866-655-0000
info@royalwhitecement.com
FAX: 1-866-715-0000
Company support
Our support available to help you 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Monday-Friday: 9:00am to 5:00pm
Saturday: 10:00am to 2:00pm
Sunday: Closed
RWC app on your phone
Copyright © 1999 - 2019 Royal White Cement. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Top