http://www.midwestbankcentre.com/privacy
Documents in Portable Document Format (PDF) require Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0 or higher to view, download Adobe® Acrobat Reader.
Skip Navigation
Privacy Policy
Home
Rev March 2020
FACTS
WHAT DOES MIDWEST BANKCENTRE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing.  Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information.  Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us.  This information can include:
Social Security number and income
Account Balances         and Transaction history
Payment history           and Credit History
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business.  In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons Midwest BankCentre chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Midwest BankCentre share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purpose-
such as to process your transaction, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal
Investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purpose-
to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes-
Information about your transactions and experiences
No
We Don’t Share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes-
Information about your creditworthiness
No
We Don’t Share
For our nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We Don’t Share
Questions?
Call  314-631-5500 or (800) 894-1350 or go to www.midwestbankcentre.com
Page 2
What We Do
How does Midwest BankCentre protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law.  These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does Midwest BankCentre collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
Open an account or make deposits or withdrawals from your account
Show your government-issued ID or provide employment information
Apply for a loan
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharings?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information
about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control.  They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Midwest BankCentre does not share with our affiliates (Midwest BankCentre, Inc, Midwest BankCentre Insurance Agency, LLC., Rising Analytics, LLC)
Non Affiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control.  They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Midwest BankCentre does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include such entities as wealth management companies and credit card companies.
Accordion toggle
Accordion toggle
Cookies & Privacy Notification
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. (Find More Information Here)
Okay