http://www.northstarfibre.ca/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
The North Star Fibre website does not automatically gather any personal information from you, such as your name, phone number, or e-mail address. This information is only obtained if you provide it voluntarily, through contacting us via e-mail, or through an online form.
Information collected automatically via the Internet
The North Star Fibre website logs http requests to our server. These logs capture computer information, navigation and clickstream data.
Some of the information collected does not identify who you are. Other information, such as your domain name or IP address, may identify you depending on the naming standards followed by your Internet service provider. You may wish to ask them about their polices and practices.
While we make no attempt to link the information captured to the identity of individuals, the information captured does identify the following:
The Internet domain and IP address from which you access our web site;
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site;
Screen resolution of your monitor;
The date and time you access our site;
The pages you visit; and
If you linked to the North Star Fibre web site from another web site, the address of that web site.
This information is used to help us make our site more useful to our audiences by learning about the number of visitors to our site, and by monitoring traffic patterns and the types of technology our visitors use. We do not track or record information about specific individuals and their visits.
Visitor information is not disclosed to anyone except North Star Fibre personnel who need the information for legitimate business purposes such as responding to a request.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of text information that is sent to your browser when you access a web site. Your browser will return this cookie information to the domain where the cookie originated. While we do not regularly use “cookies” to track how our visitors use the site, when cookies are used, they may be used to help you fill in forms or track your use of the sites. The length of time that the cookie will reside on your machine will depend upon the specific set-up of the particular sites you visit.
If you are concerned about the use of cookies, you can refer to the help information in your browser software for information on how to disable cookies. If you wish to delete cookies from your machine, consult your browser’s help files for instructions on how to do so.
Security
For site security purposes, the North Star Fibre employs software programs to monitor network traffic that identifies unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits.
Information Collected in E-mails and Web Forms
If you should choose to provide us with personal information – as in an e-mail or by filling out a form and submitting it to us through our website – we will use that information to respond to your message and to help us get the information you have requested.
North Star Fibre does not collect personal information for commercial marketing or distribution to any private organizations.
Messages sent via the Internet can be intercepted. If you are concerned about sending your personal information to us via the Internet, you can use another method such as fax or regular mail.