http://www.freshexpress.com/legal
Learn about our COVID-19 Mitigation Strategies Learn MoreFacebook Youtube Instagram Pinterest TwitterEmail SignupMy Recipes0Freshexpress0FreshexpressProductsAllOrganicSauté KitsSalad KitsBitesSalad GreensCole SlawShredsJuicing GreensRecipesAllSaladsDressingsAppetizersEntreesSide DishesSmoothies & JuicesCrave ToolShare a RecipeGuide to GreensLeaf InfoSalad VideosWhy We’re So Fresh!Fresh at Every StepBreathable Bag7 Steps of PreventionWhat’s Organic?Fresh VideosAbout UsGrowing RegionsHistoryOur SustainabilityWhere to FindFacebook Youtube Instagram Pinterest TwitterSign UpTerms and Conditions, Privacy PolicyJump to: Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy Terms and ConditionsTo Participants/Users of the Fresh Express Website:WELCOME TO THE FRESH EXPRESS WEBSITE!This website (“Site”) is maintained by Fresh Express Incorporated and its affiliates (individually and collectively, "Fresh Express," "we," "us," or "our"). We've designed our websites to be useful, informative, and fun. We hope you will enjoy it. All we ask is that you abide by the Terms and Conditions ("Terms and Conditions") that follow.By using our Site, participants ("Participant", "you," “your”) automatically agree to be bound by each of the terms and conditions set forth below and any amendments thereto. Please review these Terms and Conditions from time to time to ensure that you have read and agree with the current policy, as it may be amended without notice. Any changes to these Terms and Conditions will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Terms and Conditions on our Site. Please note that your use of certain features of our Site may be subject to additional terms and conditions. By using these features, you also agree to be bound by such additional terms and conditions.Proprietary RightsAll materials on this Site, including, without limitation, names, logos, trademarks, images, text, columns, graphics, photographs, illustrations, artwork, audio clips, video clips, software, and other elements making up the Site (collectively, the “Materials”) are protected by copyrights and other intellectual property rights owned and controlled by us, our affiliates, or by other parties that have licensed or otherwise provided their material to us.Fresh Express TrademarksThe Fresh Express company names and logos and all related product and service names, design marks and slogans are the trademarks or service marks of Fresh Express Incorporated, or its parent, subsidiaries or affiliates. Specifically: FRESH EXPRESS; FRESH EXPRESS & Design (various logos) are trademarks of Fresh Express Incorporated. All these marks are referred to collectively as the "Fresh Express names or marks".You are NOT authorized to use any Fresh Express name or mark in any advertising, publicity or in any other commercial manner without the prior written consent of Fresh Express. Requests for authorization should be made to:Mailing Address: Fresh Express Incorporated, P.O. Box 80599, Salinas, CA 93912, Attn: Legal DepartmentCopyright InfringementIf you believe that any information or content owned by you has been used on this Site in a manner that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide us with a written notice that includes an identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed and the location on the Site where you believe the infringement occurs, as well as your address, telephone number, and e-mail address, and we will remove such content upon verification of your claim. You may send this notice to Fresh Express Copyright Agent by mail to the address listed above.How You May Use Our MaterialsFresh Express grants a license (“License”) to allow you to download, use and copy the Materials found on this Site for your personal, noncommercial use only, provided that all copies that you make of the material must bear any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notice located on the Site which pertain to the material being copied. You may not add, delete, distort, or otherwise modify the Materials. Any unauthorized attempt to modify any Materials, to defeat or circumvent our security features, or to utilize our Site for any purpose other than their intended purposes is strictly prohibited. Except as authorized in this paragraph, you are not being granted a license under any copyright, trademark, patent or other intellectual property right in the Materials or the products, services, processes or technology described therein. All such rights are retained by Fresh Express, its parent, subsidiaries, corporate affiliates, and/or any third party owner of such rights. You may NOT create framed links to the Site without express written permission from Fresh Express. This License may not be assigned, transferred, or sublicensed by Participant to any other party and may be revoked by us at any time. Upon revocation, Participant agrees to delete and/or destroy and the Materials obtained from the Site.You further agree not to use our Site, the Materials, or any products or services included on or available through our Site for any unlawful purpose.Dated MaterialsAll dated materials contained on the Site is to the best of Fresh Express’ knowledge to be timely and accurate when issued. However, Fresh Express is not responsible for any misimpressions which may result from the reading of dated material. You should carefully check the dates of issuance of the dated materials contained in this Site.If You Submit Material To Us:All concepts, suggestions, ideas, or other recommendations that you communicate to us through this Site in any format (an “Idea Submission”) becomes and remains our property, throughout the world and we shall be entitled (without compensation to any party) to use such material, either commercially or non-commercially, in perpetuity in any form and manner in any media, whether known or hereafter devised, and you will not have any claim against us with respect to such use, even if this agreement is later terminated.This means that:We don’t have to treat any such Idea Submission as confidential.You can't sue us for using the Idea Submission you provide (including, but not limited to, product or advertising ideas).If we use your Idea Submission -- or anything like them -- we don't have to pay you or anyone else for them.We will have exclusive ownership of all present and future rights to Idea Submissions of every kind. We can use them for any purpose, without compensating you or anyone else for them.In addition, you agree that, if you submit or post an Idea Submission to us, that: (i) it is original with you and accurate, (ii) it does not violate, and its use will not violate, the rights of any third party or any applicable law or ordinance, and (iii) you will use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any such submission is free from viruses, worms, trojan horses, or other items of a destructive nature.For any other content, reviews, ratings, remarks, information, questions, comments, photos, videos or material you post, upload, submit, or transmit to this Site, including any of the foregoing submitted through our product ratings and reviews service (“Content Submission”), you automatically grant Fresh Express a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable, worldwide nonexclusive license to use, reproduce, create derivative works from, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform, and display the Content Submission in any media or in any form, format, technology or forum now known (such as, television, radio, print, in-store, packaging, billboards, digital and mobile) or hereafter developed. However, you understand that Fresh Express is not required to use any Content Submission. Fresh Express’ use or non-use of any Content Submission is at Fresh Express’ sole discretion. Fresh Express is not required to treat the Content Submission as confidential.You acknowledge that you are responsible for any Content Submission you make -- in other words, you acknowledge that you (and not we) have full responsibility for the message, including its legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality, and copyright. Fresh Express does not guarantee that you will have any recourse through Fresh Express to edit or delete any content you have submitted. We are not responsible for screening or monitoring any Content Submissions made on this Site by Participants. If notified by a Participant of a Content Submission allegedly in violation of these Terms and Conditions, we may investigate the allegation and determine in good faith and our sole discretion whether to remove the Content Submission. Also, we reserve the right to change, condense or delete any content on our Site that we deem, in our sole discretion, to violate the content guidelines or any other provision of these Terms and Conditions. We reserve the right to remove or to refuse to post any Content Submission for any reason. We have no liability or responsibility to Participants for performance or nonperformance of these activities.For all Content Submissions to Fresh Express, you represent and warrant that:You are the sole author and owner of the intellectual property rights thereto;all "moral rights" that you may have in such content have been voluntarily waived by you;all content that you post is accurate;use of the content you supply does not violate these Terms of Use and will not cause injury to any person or entity.You agree and warrant that you shall not submit any content that:is known by you to be false, inaccurate or misleading;infringes any third party's copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy;violates any law, statute, ordinance or regulation (including, but not limited to, those governing export control, consumer protection, unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising);is, or may reasonably be considered to be, defamatory, libelous, hateful, racially or religiously biased or offensive, unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing to any individual, partnership or corporation;you were compensated or granted any consideration by any third party;includes any information that references other websites, addresses, email addresses, contact information or phone number;contains any computer viruses, worms or other potentially damaging computer programs or filesYou agree to indemnify and hold Fresh Express (and its officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures, employees and third-party service providers), harmless from all claims, demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of a breach of your representations and warranties set forth above, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third party.Fresh Express has no responsibility for any material or information created, stored, maintained, submitted, transmitted or made accessible on or through the Site or Infrastructure by Participants, and is not obligated to monitor or exercise any editorial control over such material.By submitting your email address in connection with your rating and review, or any other item you submit to us, you agree that Fresh Express and its third party service providers may use your email address to contact you about the status of your review and other administrative purposes.Social MediaWe hope you enjoy the information and materials on our Site. We’re glad when you link to them or post them on your social media accounts, but only for your personal use. You’re not permitted to post or upload any of our Site Materials for your commercial, business, or non-personal use. If you use or post our Site information and Materials for any non-personal purposes, you’ll be violating our intellectual property rights. Also, make sure that your social media account permits you to post third party content.Information About Health & WellnessInformation accessible on this Site is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice. Information is often general in nature and may be helpful to some persons but not others, depending upon their personal medical needs. Above all, you should always consult with your personal physician prior to changing or undertaking a new diet or exercise program. Your physician is often in the best position to evaluate whether any particular diet or exercise program is best for you. Advance consultation with your physician is particularly important if you are under eighteen (18) years old, pregnant, nursing, or have health problems. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on this Site.Limitation of LiabilityFRESH EXPRESS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR INJURY THAT ACCOMPANY OR RESULT FROM YOUR USE OF ITS SITE. THESE INCLUDE (BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO) DAMAGES OR INJURY CAUSED BY ANY: (1) USE, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SITE, (2) USE, OR INABILITY TO USE, ANY SITE TO WHICH YOU HYPERLINK FROM OUR SITES, (3) FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, (4) ERROR, (5) OMISSION, (6) INTERRUPTION, (7) DEFECT, (8) DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, (9) COMPUTER VIRUS, MALWARE, OR HARMFUL COMPONENTS, OR (10) LINE FAILURE.KEEP IN MIND THAT WE ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING:DAMAGES INTENDED TO COMPENSATE SOMEONE DIRECTLY FOR A LOSS OR INJURY;CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (DAMAGES REASONABLY EXPECTED TO RESULT FROM A LOSS OR INJURY);INCIDENTAL DAMAGES (OTHER MISCELLANEOUS DAMAGES AND EXPENSES RESULTING DIRECTLY FROM A LOSS OR INJURY).IN ADDITION, WE ARE NOT LIABLE EVEN IF WE'VE BEEN NEGLIGENT OR IF OUR AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES -- OR BOTH.EXCEPTION: IN CERTAIN STATES THE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW LIMITATION OR EXCLUDE LIABILITY FOR THESE "INCIDENTAL" OR "CONSEQUENTIAL" DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY, AND YOU MAY INDEED HAVE THE RIGHT TO RECOVER THESE TYPES OF DAMAGES. BUT IN ANY EVENT, OUR LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL LOSSES, DAMAGES, INJURIES, AND CLAIMS OF EVERY KIND (WHETHER THE DAMAGES ARE CLAIMED UNDER THE TERMS OF A CONTRACT, BY NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER WRONGFUL CONDUCT, LOSS OF ANTICIPATED PROFITS OR REVENUE OR OTHER ECONOMIC LOSS, OR UNDER ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY) WILL NOT BE GREATER THAN THE AMOUNT YOU PAID TO ACCESS OUR SITE.DisclaimerTHE MATERIALS IN OUR SITE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS.” THIS MEANS THAT (SUBJECT TO THE EXCEPTION BELOW) DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ABOUT THE MATERIAL IN THE SITE.EXCEPTION: IN CERTAIN STATES, THE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW A DISCLAIMER OR EXCLUDE WARRANTIES.JurisdictionFresh Express controls and operates its Site from the company's headquarters located in Windermere, Florida, United States of America. We in no way imply that the materials on the Site are appropriate or available for use outside of the United States. If you use our Site from locations outside of the United States, you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. Some software from our Site may be subject to export controls imposed by the United States and may not be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported:into (or to a national or resident of) any country to which the United States has placed an embargo; orto anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's Specially Designated Nationals List or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders.If you download or use the Site or software, you are, in effect, confirming to us that you are not located in, are not under the control of, and are not a national or resident of any such country, and that you are not on any such list. You may not use or export the materials from this Site in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations.Privacy PolicyWe are committed to respecting your privacy and protecting your personally identifiable information. Any information we may collect regarding users of our Site is subject to our Privacy Policy, the full text of which is available by clicking on the Privacy PolicyRules of ConductIf Fresh Express becomes aware of any activity engaged in by Participant that may violate these Terms and Conditions and/or expose Fresh Express to civil or criminal liability, Fresh Express reserves the right to investigate such content, block access to such content and suspend or terminate any features of the content on the Site without liability. Fresh Express further reserves the right to cooperate with legal authorities and third parties in investigating any alleged violations of these Terms and Conditions, including disclosing the identity of any Participant that Fresh Express believes is responsible for such violation. Fresh Express also reserves the right to implement technical mechanisms to prevent violations of these Terms and Conditions. Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall limit any rights and remedies at law or in equity that may be available.To top Privacy PolicyThe privacy of your personal information is important to Fresh Express (“Fresh Express”, “we," “us,” “our”). The purpose of this policy is to inform you about the collection, use, disclosure, transfer and storage of your personal information that you may provide us when using this website (including via any smartphone application or other electronic means) (“the Website”) and related services and also to explain you what Cookies we use.By providing your personal information and data, you consent to the use, analysis and, where applicable, disclosure of such information by us for purposes associated in particular with your requests for our newsletters, press releases and recruitment messages. Therefore, please carefully read the following to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data, how we will treat it and how we use Cookies.Information we may collectWe may collect and process the following personal data about you:Information that you provide by filling in forms on the Website. This includes information provided at the time of creating an account, subscribing to our service, posting material or requesting documents. We may also ask you for information when you enter a competition or promotion sponsored by us or when you report a problem with the Website.If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you are not required to do so.Details of your visits to the Website, including but not limited to traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access. Please see the section below regarding Cookies for more information about our use of Cookies.Traffic Data. Through your use of the Website, we may also gather certain information about your use of the Website that does not identify you individually. Generally, this information is collected through "traffic data." We may collect and store such information automatically whenever you interact with the Website. For example, we may collect your IP address, the hostname of your computer, browser information and reference site domain name every time you visit the Website. We may also collect information regarding customer traffic patterns and site usage. This information does not, however, contain anything that can personally identify you; it is used to analyze and improve the Website and to provide our customers with a fulfilling Internet experience.Cookies. Please see the below section Use of Cookies and Similar Technologies for more information about the Cookies we use and information we collect.Children’s online privacy. Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, without an adult’s express consent, we never collect or maintain information at our Website from those we actually know are under 16. The Website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that they have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.Uses of your InformationWe use information held about you in the following ways:To personalize user experience.
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Website.To improve our Website.
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or that we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.To notify you about changes to our service.Use of Cookies and Similar TechnologiesLike many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies (such as i-beacons, local stored object or JavaScript) (“Cookies”) that is capable of storing information on your device. Cookies record certain information about the pages you have viewed on our Website, the date and time of your visit to the site, etc. We are able to read this information during your subsequent visits.Most browsers accept Cookies automatically but allow you to disable them. The help menu on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new Cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new Cookie and how to disable Cookies all together. You can also disable or delete Cookies you have previously accepted if you wish to. However, we recommend that you leave Cookies "turned on" so that we can offer you a better experience on the Website. If you disable Cookies, you may still use the Website, but your browsing experience may be altered.We use the following Cookies:Strictly necessary Cookies. These are Cookies that are required for the operation of the Website and for you to be able to complete services you ask for. They include, for example, Cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of the Website.Functional Cookies. These Cookies record information about choices you make on the Website, such as your user name, language or the region you are in. In this way, we are able to personalize your visit to the Website.Performance Cookies. These “analytical” Cookies allow us to collect information about how visitors use the Website, for example to count visitors and to see how visitors move around the Website. They record your visit to the Website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. These Cookies do not collect information that identifies you. All information is anonymous. This helps us to improve the way the Website works.We rely on Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager, two services provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”), to analyze your use of the Website. The information generated by Google Analytics is subject to Google’s privacy policy and will be transferred to and stored by Google on servers in the USA. Prior to the transfer, it will be anonymized by removing the last octet of your IP address. Google will then process it on our behalf in order to evaluate your use of the Website, to compile reports on Website activity and to provide other services related to Internet usage. Google will not link your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of Cookies for the aforesaid purposes by setting your browser accordingly; however, in that case, you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Website. You may further opt-out of the collection of your usage data (including your IP address) and its processing by downloading and installing the add-on for your current web browser at http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en. For more information about the use of your data by Google, please see http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html.Social media Cookies. These Cookies allow you to share Website content with social media platforms (e.g, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram). We have no control over these Cookies as they are set by the social media platforms themselves.Advertisement Cookies. These cookies allow us to deliver tailor-made advertisements to you on third party websites based on your interests in our products and services manifested during your visit on our Website. We do not share information that identifies you. All information is anonymous.We engage on our Website in interest based advertising, including re-targeting or marketing technology provided by third parties (“Third Party Providers”), such as DoubleClick (a division of Google Ireland Limited / www.doubleclickbygoogle.com) (“DoubleClick”), Google Analytics Advertising Features (a service of Google Inc.); to analyze your navigation on our Website. Based thereon, we are able to approach you with personalized advertisements. For this purpose, Cookies are stored on your computer. Only anonymized data are collected. The engagement of such technology is in full compliance with the relevant data protection legislations. Thanks to such data we can, for example, approach you with advertisement on third party websites which is personalized according to your interests in our products, e.g. after you have visited our Website and showed interest in a particular series of products, this technology may later show you more information in form of advertisements while surfing on another website. The only goal of engaging this technology is to best adapt the available information to your interests and to make your online experience as informative as possible. You can, however, adjust your browser settings to not store such Cookies and to delete already stored Cookies.Please find in the following the opt-out functions of the Third Party Providers under the following links: DoubleClick: https://code.google.com/archive/p/google-opt-out-plugin/Google Analytics Advertising Features: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/Anonymous data created by using Google Analytics Advertising Features may be used for demographics and interest reporting as well as network impression reporting.We never use or install spyware on your computer or mobile devices, nor do we use spyware to retrieve information from your computer.How we protect your InformationWe adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information.Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password that enables you to access certain parts of this website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share any passwords with anyone.Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the Website; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.Recipient, Disclosure and Retention of your InformationYour personal data is retained for a period appropriate to the purposes for which it was collected and is stored on a secured servers which is located inside the United States. The recipient of your personal data is Fresh Express Incorporated, 4757 The Grove Road, Suite 260, Windermere, Florida 34786, Attn: Marketing Manager.We may disclose your personal information to any member of the Fresh Express Group, which means our affiliates subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, who may be located inside or outside of the United States. In such case, Fresh Express will put in place security and privacy measures at group level to ensure an adequate level of data protection irrespective of the geographical location of the group company that may be the recipient of the data (inside or outside the United States) (such as sharing only anonymized data)In addition, we may only disclose your personal information to third parties in the following cases:If you have provided to us your prior approval to share such information.Fresh Express needs to share such information with third parties in order to provide the service you have requested or to administer the Website (such as our Internet service providers) or activities on our behalf. These third parties are required to provide the same levels of security for your personal information as Fresh Express, and comply with the applicable regulations.In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets. If Fresh Express or any company of our group is acquired by a third party (substantially all of its assets), in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Fresh Express or any member of our group, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.We may share non-personal, non-individual (anonymous) statistics or demographic information in aggregate form with our marketing partners, advertisers or other third-parties for research purposes.Your rightsTo process your personal data for marketing purpose you have to provide us with your consent. We will inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise that right at any time by contacting us at the address set forth above.You have the right not to consent to our use of certain Cookies. Please see the section on Cookies for more information on this.You have the right to access, correct and delete personal data which relates to you which we hold about you, and to object to the processing of such data. You may exercise this right at any time by contacting us at the address set forth above.Changes to our privacy policyAny changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changesContactIf you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at Fresh Express Incorporated, 4757 The Grove Road, Suite 260, Windermere, Florida 34786, Attn: Marketing Manager.To topContact UsCareersFAQTerms/PrivacySite MapPromotionsFacebook Youtube Instagram Pinterest TwitterFresh Express is a subsidiaryof Chiquita Brands, L.L.C.© 2020. All rights reserved.Freshexpress