http://www.triptrap.dk/dk/customer-service/shipping-returns/general-conditions
RETURNS UNTIL 31 JANUARY 2021 / FREE SHIPPING OVER 500 DKK / CHRISTMAS TOTE BAG WITH ALL ORDERS
Shipping & Returns
General conditions Delivery Return Cookie and Privacy Policy
General conditions
We ship to the following countries:
Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Germany, United Kingdom, Netherlands, Belgium, Austria, Italy, France, Spain, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Poland, Hungary, Portugal, Slovakia, Czech Republic.
Shipping details
Shipping to Denmark
FREE delivery on all orders worth 500 DKK or more.
On orders worth less than 500 DKK we charge the following prices for shipping:
- GLS ParcelShop: 39 DKK
- GLS Home delivery: 49 DKK
- GLS BusinessParcel: 39 DKK
- Step Transport: 49 DKK
Shipping to Norway
FREE delivery on orders worth 1.500 NOK or more.
On orders worth less than 1.500 NOK we charge 150 NOK for shipping.
When ordering goods for delivery in Norway, all taxes are included. Therefore, no extra import duties and/or taxes will be added to your order.
Shipping to Sweden
FREE delivery on orders worth 1.500 SEK or more.
On orders worth less than 1.500 SEK we charge 150 SEK for shipping.
Shipping to countries in the Eurozone.
For countries in the Eurozone including: Finland, Germany, United Kingdom, Netherlands, Belgium, Austria, Italy, France, Spain, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Poland, Hungary, Portugal, Slovakia, Czech Republic.
FREE delivery on orders worth 150 EUR/GBP or more.
On orders worth less than 150 EUR/GBP we charge 15 EUR/GBP for shipping.
skagerak.dk
Nordvestvej 31
9000 Aalborg, Denmark
CVR: 28855990
Want to make a purchase?
When placing an order on skagerak.dk an order confirmation will immediately appear on your screen including your order number, name, address and delivery address. You will also receive an order confirmation via email. We recommend that you save this.
Payment
At skagerak.dk you can pay with Dankort, Visa/Dankort, Mastercard, Maestro and Visa Electron.
Security
Your privacy is important to us. This is why our payment solution is based on SSL standards which means that the information you provide us with during payment is protected by encryption. Read our privacy policy here.
Delivery
We deliver to the countries listed above. Your goods will be shipped and delivered safely and you will not be charged before we ship your goods from our warehouse. Once we ship your goods, you will either receive a Track and Trace number via e-mail, or be contacted by phone to arrange when delivery will take place. We ship with GLS in Denmark and UPS abroad. Selected goods will be shipped with Step Transport in Denmark and Dachser abroad – depending on size and fragility.
We recommend that you are present upon delivery. Deliveries abroad, shipped with Dachser, will be delivered by the curbside in front of your residence. Deliveries in Denmark, shipped with Step Transport, will be delivered right to your door. Please note that when the goods are delivered they are in your custody.
To avoid damage during shipment all furniture are carefully wrapped. Some furniture are ready-to-assemble. In that case, instructions will be included.
Time of delivery
Denmark: Delivery within 1-8 working days, normally within 3 days.
Abroad: Delivery within 2-5 working days
RIGHT OF WITHDRAWAL
Any purchases made between the 5th November 2020 and the 24th December 2020 may be returned until 31st January 2021. Please note that all returns must be declared before 31 January 2021.
Beyond this period you
have the right to make a return within 14 days after receiving your goods, for any reason and with no justification. Please note that you will lose your right of return if you don´t declare the withdrawal of your purchase within 14 days after receiving your goods.
You have to pay for the return costs. Expenses for returns may vary, depending on the products size. Please contact our customer service who will inform you about return expenses. You are responsible for the goods until we receive them and if an item is broken or lost during shipment, you can be held responsible. In that case it is your own responsibility to document the return.
Please note that the right of withdrawal is annulled if you use the product in a way that reduces the sales value. The goods must be returned unused and in the same condition as they were upon receipt and in original packaging. If not, you will receive a refund equal to the state of the item.
3 steps to make a return
1: Please contact customer service at info@skagerak.dk or +45 99525200 to let us
know that you want to make a return. Office hours: Mon. to Thurs. 9 am - 12 am and 12.30 pm - 4 pm. Fri. 9 am - 12 am and 12.30 pm - 3.30 pm.
2: You will receive an email with your return number
3: Please return your goods to our warehouse:
Skagerak A/S
Slåenvej 1, Port 1
8930 Randers NØ
Denmark
If you exercise your right to withdraw from the purchase - as describes above – you will receive the refund within 14 days after letting us know about your wish to return. We may withhold the repayment until we have received the goods or until you have submitted documentation that the goods have been returned, as may be appropriate.
You cannot withdraw you order by refusing receipt of the delivery or refrain from collecting it at a pick up point without notifying us about your return. You can use The Danish law's standard return form but it is not mandatory to use.
Bought your product from another retailer?
If you have purchased a Skagerak product at one of our retailers and want to make a return or complaint, please contact the retailer listed in your order confirmation. Make sure to have your order confirmation ready.
Complaints?
If you have purchased a product and it is damaged - e.g. faulty material or a manufacturing fault - our 5-year warranty* apply. You can file a complaint by contacting our customer service at info@skagerak.dk or +45 99525200. Office hours: Mon. to Thurs. 9 am - 12 am and 12.30 pm - 4 pm. Fri. 9 am - 12 am and 12.30 pm - 3.30 pm. Please describe the claim as detailed as possible.
All Skagerak products are covered by a 5-year warranty*. This means that you can make a complaint of defects and faults in the product, which has occurred within 5 years after the purchase. This does, however, not apply to defects, damages or wear caused by misuse, lacking maintenance or ordinary wear and tear. The warranty does not cover damage caused by negligence or default. For minor claims or defects a repair or replacement of spare parts will be done. Skagerak may also suggest credit note compensation.
*The 5-year warranty does not include products from 1616/arita japan. Products from 1616/arita japan is covered by the 2-year legal guarantee, which follows the EU law.
We reserve the right to repair any defects and faults within a reasonable time-frame. If a repair is not possible or feasible, or if a repair is disproportionate expensive to meet, we will deliver a new product upon receiving the damaged one. If neither repair nor replacement is possible, you will receive a refund equal to the price of the product when you acquired it.
For items that have exceeded the guarantee period, we offer repair and/or spare parts at a reasonable rate. Items may only be returned for repair/replacement if a return number has been issued by our customer service.
You can file a complaint against Skagerak A/S regarding your purchase in the webshop. In Denmark complaints should be filed to Konkurrence- og Forbrugerstyrelsens Center for Klageløsning, Carl Jcobsensvej 35, 2500 Valby, Denmark. You can file your complaint on www.forbrug.dk.
The European Commission's Online Dispute Resolution website is relevant for private consumers living in another EU country. You can file your complaint at http://ec.europa.eu/odr. When filing a complaint you must state the following e-mail address info@skagerak.dk
Responsibility
Skagerak cannot be held responsible for indirect losses and consequential damage. Furthermore we reserve the right to make price changes and shall not be held responsible for any typing and pricing errors on our website.
Letter of Compliance
The following deals with the suitability concerning food safety among the products listed below and are therefore not subjects for quality and complaint issues.
Letter of Compliance, Wood & Fabric
Letter of Compliance, Ceramic & Porcelain
Letter of Compliance, Stainless Steel