https://www.dukece.com/privacy-policy/
Duke Corporate Education>Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
As a premier provider of leadership development solutions, Duke Corporate Education and its affiliates (“Duke CE”) relies on and uses information about individuals to enhance our services and communicate our message.   Duke CE is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy, particularly with regard to information we hold about you. This Privacy Policy explains how Duke CE uses the information collected about you, your rights under applicable data protection legislation, and the procedures Duke CE has in place to safeguard your information. As used herein, the words “you” and “your” refer to both individuals and to business entities on behalf of which individuals are using the website or receiving services. This Privacy Policy applies to data collected by Duke CE through its websites and the services it provides. Please read the following carefully to understand Duke CE’s views and practices regarding your information and how Duke CE will treat it.
INFORMATION DUKE CE MAY COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Records kept by Duke CE may include all or some of the following data about you (although this is not an exhaustive list): (a) information about you such as your name, gender, age, address, company, email address, telephone number, etc.; (b) details of your correspondence with Duke CE and any other information you have given to Duke CE; (c) information that you provide by filling in forms on any of Duke CE’s websites (including information provided at the time of registering to use Duke CE’s websites, posting material, requesting information or reporting problems with Duke CE’s websites); (d) information that you provide when you subscribe to Duke CE’s services (either online or offline); and (e) details of your visits to Duke CE’s websites including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, web logs and other communication data, whether this is required for the purposes of Duke CE’s business operations or otherwise.
INFORMATION ABOUT OTHER INDIVIDUALS
If you give Duke CE information on behalf of someone else, you confirm that the other person has appointed you to act on his/her behalf and has agreed that you can: (a) give consent on his/her behalf to the processing of his or her information; (b) receive on his/her behalf any data protection notices; and (c) give consent to the transfer of his/her information abroad.
HOW DUKE CE MAY USE INFORMATION ABOUT YOU
Duke CE may use information held about you in the following ways (although this is not an exhaustive list): (a) to help Duke CE identify you and any accounts you hold with Duke CE; (b) to carry out Duke CE’s obligations arising from any contracts entered into between Duke CE and you; (c) billing and providing services; (d) to operate and improve Duke CE’s websites and services; (e) to make Duke CE websites easier to use by removing the need for you to enter repeatedly the same information; (f) performing research and analysis aimed at improving Duke CE’s services; (g) to notify you of any changes to Duke CE’s websites or its services which may affect you; (h) to enable Duke CE to offer you services customized to your preferences; (i) to send you (with your permission) promotional offers relating to Duke CE’s services; (j) statistical analysis; and (k) fraud prevention and detection.
When you use Duke CE’s websites, Duke CE may collect information about your computer, such as your IP address and/or browser, which Duke CE will use for administration purposes and statistical analysis. This information will not usually identify you personally. Duke CE may also obtain information about your use of its websites and the internet by placing a “cookie,” which is a small file, on your computer’s hard disk. Cookies are used for several reasons including: (a) to recognize you whenever you visit Duke CE’s websites; (b) to speed up access to Duke CE’s websites (so you do not have to log on each time); (c) to store your personal preferences; and (d) to build a profile about you. The vast majority of web browsers accept cookies. However, you can change your browser settings so that cookies are not accepted. If you do this, you may lose some of the functionality of Duke CE’s websites. If you need more information about cookies, such as what they do, how they work and how to enable/disable them, please go to www.aboutcookies.org.
DATA SECURITY
Duke CE will take appropriate security measures against unlawful or unauthorized processing of your information, and against the accidental loss of, or damage to, your information. Where Duke CE has given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of Duke CE’s websites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.  You should not share your password with anyone.  While Duke CE will use all reasonable efforts to safeguard your information, you acknowledge that the use of the internet or the storage of information can never be entirely secure. For this reason, Duke CE cannot guarantee the security or integrity of any information held by it.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
Duke CE may disclose your personal information to its affiliates. Except as otherwise set out in this Privacy Policy, Duke CE will only disclose your personal information to third parties (a) in the event that Duke CE sells or buys any business or assets, in which case Duke CE may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets, (b) if Duke CE or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by Duke CE about its customers will be one of the transferred assets, (c) if Duke CE is under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal or regulatory obligation, (d) in order to enforce or apply Duke CE’s and other agreements, or (e) to protect the rights, property, or safety of Duke CE, its customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
YOUR RIGHTS
On request, Duke CE will inform you whether it has stored any personal information about you, and, if so, what information. Duke CE respects any rights which you may have under local data protection and privacy laws.  We respect your needs for our services and information may change over time and offer an option to unsubscribe.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Duke CE’s websites may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of Duke CE’s partner networks, advertisers, affiliates or other third parties.  If you follow a link to any of those websites, please note that those websites have their own privacy policies and that Duke CE does not accept any responsibility or liability for those policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal information to those websites.
TRANSFERS OF DATA OUT OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA
Duke CE is a global company providing services worldwide. Information collected by Duke CE may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country where it carries out its operations.  Your personal data will be processed in accordance with locally applicable data protection and privacy regulations. In addition, users in the European Economic Area are strongly encouraged to review the Duke University Privacy Statement (insert link at https://oarc.duke.edu/privacy/duke-university-privacy-statement) as well as the Privacy Policy Regarding Non-Credit Education (insert link at https://oarc.duke.edu/privacy-policy-regarding-onlinenon-credit-education) for more specific information about our privacy practices.
CHANGES TO DUKE CE’S PRIVACY POLICY
Duke CE may change this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in its services and customer feedback.  Duke CE encourages you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to be informed of how Duke CE is protecting your information.  Continued use of Duke CE’s websites and services will signify that you agree to any such changes.
CONTACT
Duke CE welcomes your questions and comments relating to this Privacy Policy. Duke CE can be contacted via email or in writing at 310 Blackwell Street, Durham, NC 27701, USA.Users may also contact the Duke University Data Protection Officer directly at gdpr@duke.edu if you wish to exercise any privacy right that you might have in the European Economic Area.
Duke Corporate Education is the lead partner in Dialogue, the only truly global journal for managers and leaders.
We combine the best in business and leadership thinking, breaking boundaries and bringing you fresh thought leadership from around the world.
Subscribe to receive our leadership insights.
Subscribe
Copy link
CopyCopied