http://www.pigments.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: April 2020
DCL Corporation (“DCL™”) takes the security and privacy of personal information very seriously. This Privacy Policy applies to the DCL™ websites that provide a direct link to this Policy (“Site”) including but not limited to any promotions offered on the Site.
This Privacy Policy outlines our policies and procedures regarding your personal information including the types of personal information we collect on the Site, how we use the information, with whom we share it, and the choices available regarding our use of the information. We also describe the measures we take to protect the security of your personal information and how to contact us about our privacy practices.
Please click on one of the links below to learn more about the ways in which we collect and use your personal information.
Sources of Personal Information
Information we collect by Automated Means
Use of Personal Information
Sharing of Personal Information
How we Protect Personal Information
Your Choices
Access to and Correction of your Personal Information
Personal Information Transfers
Updates to our Privacy Policy
How to Contact Us
Sources of Personal Information
We may obtain certain personal information (such as your name and business contact information and related details) when you choose to provide them through our Site. The types of information we may obtain include:
business contact information (such as name, title, company, postal address, email address, skype name and mobile or other phone number);
username and password to access DCL™ products online; and
business account number.
Cookies and Information we collect by Automated Means
In addition, when you visit our Site, we may obtain certain information by automated means, such as cookies. The information we obtain in this manner includes IP address, browser characteristics, device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, information on actions taken on our site, and dates and times of Site visits. A “cookie” is a text file that websites send to a visitor’s computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser. Through these automated collection methods, we obtain “clickstream data,” which is a log of content on which a visitor clicks while browsing a website. As the visitor clicks through the website, a record of the action may be collected and stored. Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies or how to restrict or disable certain types of cookies. Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of our Site.
We may use third party web analytics services on this Site, our social media platforms, or our social media pages or mobile applications, such as Google Analytics. The service providers that administer these services use technologies such as cookies, web server logs and web beacons to help us analyze how visitors use the Site. The information collected through these means (including IP address) is disclosed to these service providers, who use the information to evaluate use of the Site. You may deactivate the ability of these analytics services to analyze your browsing activities on this Site. To learn more about Google Analytics, and to exercise your choice with respect to their collection of information on this Site, you can download the browser add-on for the deactivation of Google Analytics provided by Google at:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html
Use of Personal Information
We may use the personal information we obtain through the Site to:
Create and manage your online account;
offer and provide products to you;
communicate with you about, and administer your participation in, surveys, events, programs, promotions and other offers;
display content on our Site;
respond to and communicate with you about your inquiries and requests and provide information you request;
provide product support;
process claims we receive in connection with our products;
operate, evaluate and improve our business (including developing new products; enhancing and improving our products; managing our communications; analyzing our products; performing data analytics; and performing accounting, auditing, billing reconciliation and collection activities and other internal functions);
perform data analysis and other analyses and processing (including market and consumer research, trend analysis, financial analysis, anonymization, encryption and tokenization of personal information);
protect against, identify and prevent fraud and other criminal activity, claims and other liabilities; and
comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards and our policies.
In addition, we use information collected online through cookies, web beacons and other automated means for purposes such as (i) customizing our users’ visits to our Site, (ii) delivering content tailored to our users’ interests and the manner in which our users browse our Site, and (iii) managing our business. We also use this information to help administer our Site, identify users of our Site, and gather demographic information about our users. We use clickstream data to determine how much time users spend on web pages of our Site, how users navigate through our Site, and how we may tailor our Site to better meet the needs of our users.
We also may use the information in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.
Sharing of Personal Information
We do not sell or otherwise disclose personal information we collect about you, except as described here.
We may share your personal information with service providers who perform services on our behalf based on our instructions. When we engage service providers to store or process personal information, our policy is to have in place contractual provisions with those service providers limiting the purposes for which the information is being transferred to them and stipulating security requirements for that information. We do not authorize these service providers to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements. Examples of these service providers include entities that fulfill orders, and provide web hosting and marketing services. We may also share your personal information with other third parties with your consent. In addition, we may disclose information about you (i) if we are required or permitted to do so by applicable law or legal process, (ii) to law enforcement authorities or other government officials (which may include lawful access by Canadian, US or other foreign governmental authorities, courts or law enforcement agencies), or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity.
We also reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution or liquidation), including as part of the due diligence process.
How we Protect Personal Information
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information you provide against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use.
For example, DCL™ restricts the access to your personal information to those employees directly administering your service. We also train and educate our employees on all personal information-related security measures and protocols. We employ physical and technological security measures, as well as security-related administrative policies to appropriately protect your personal information as effectively as possible.
We retain personal information as long as is required for the purposes identified when you provided the personal information, and for any new purposes identified by us and consented to by you, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
Your Choices
We offer you certain choices in connection with the personal information we collect from you, such as how we use the information and how we communicate with you. To update your preferences, ask us to remove your information from our mailing lists or submit a request, please contact us as specified in the How to Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy..
You can opt-out of receiving promotional email from us by following the opt-out or “unsubscribe” instructions provided in your email or other message, or by contacting us as set out below. Please note that you will continue to receive transactional and account-related electronic messages from us.
Access to and Correction of your Personal Information
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to access certain personal information about you and obtain a copy of that information and update or correct inaccuracies in that information. To exercise these rights, please contact us as indicated in the How to Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy. To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we may take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to the information.
Personal Information Transfers
We may transfer the personal information we collect about you through the Site to countries outside of Canada, and your data may be stored on servers located in the United States or other foreign jurisdictions. Those countries may not have the same personal information protection laws as Canada and in some countries, your personal information may be accessed by governments, law enforcement authorities or the courts. When we transfer your personal information to other countries, we will take steps to ensure that the information is protected as described in this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions regarding our policies and practices relating to transfer of personal information, please contact us as specified in the How to Contact Us section.
Updates to our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices. We will post a prominent notice on our Site to notify you of any significant changes to our Privacy Policy and indicate at the top of the Policy when it was most recently updated.
How to Contact Us
If you wish to submit comments or if you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, if you would like to review, correct or otherwise update your preferences or personal information we have collected about you, or have your email address removed from our mailing lists, please contact us at:
DCL Corporation Attention: Caitlin Inwards 515 Consumers Road Suite 700 Toronto, Ontario, Canada M2J 4Z2 Phone: +1 (416) 791 4200 • Fax: +1 (416) 497 5198 Toll Free (Can./U.S. only): +1 800 387 7211
marketing@pigments.com