http://www.khadi.com/privacy/
Search
Close
Close
Your cart is empty
Subtotal
£0.00
Your Total
£0.00
View Cart
Continue Shopping
Khadi is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy
This Privacy Notice explains
when and why we collect personal information about our current and potential customers
the conditions under which we might share it with others
how we keep it secure
your right to control what happens to it.
Who are we?
Khadi Papers Limited are a registered company based in the UK (no. 04475064).
When do we collect information from you?
We collect information about you when you purchase from us, enquire about our products or visit our website
The information you provide to us on www.khadi.com will be held on our secure servers
What type of information do we collect, and why?
Payment information will be stored on SagePay or Paypal, depending on which option you choose during checkout.
We may use the information you provide to:
Carry out transactions on the website.
Analyse and review the services we offer and to improve your experience on khadi.com
Who has access to your information?
Your information may be given to Khadi employees to administer any accounts, orders or transactions made with Khadi. We may also use this information to tailor certain products or services to you.
Your contact information including phone number, address and name may be passed to third party delivery companies in order to deliver Khadi goods or services to you, for example after placing an order.
We will not sell your personal information or distribute your data to any parties not listed in this privacy policy.
Due to the nature of the Internet, the information and data provided by you may be transferred outside the country where it is submitted to us. If you are submitting such information or data from a country within the European Economic Area (“EEA”) it is possible that it will be transferred outside the EEA.
Keeping your information secure
We will not hold such information or data for any longer than is necessary for the purposes set out in this policy statement.
The website may include hyperlinks to other websites. Your use of such hyperlinks is subject to this policy statement. If you use the hyperlinks then you will be leaving the website. Your access and use of other websites will not be governed by this policy statement and it is your responsibility to check the other websites and the privacy policies that may govern those sites to ascertain how your information and data will be treated if you access and use them.
We endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal details. However, we cannot guarantee the security of any data you disclose online. You accept the inherent security risks of providing information and dealing online over the Internet and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to our negligence or wilful default.
Khadi Mailing List
By signing up to our mailing list, we will collect personal details. These are your name, contact email address, IP address and country
We will use the details your provided to contact you about Khadi news, product launches, events, marketing and promotions
We do not share your information with third parties
Sometimes we may use information about your interactions with our newsletters to improve or make changes to our newsletters
You can unsubscribe from our mailing list any time through the ‘Unsubscribe’ link on the footer of all newsletters. Alternatively, you can contact us at paper@khadi.com
You have the right to request for correction or deletion of any personal information about you held by us
Respecting your preferences
You have the right to request access to and/or the correction or deletion of any personal information about you held by us.
If you have any questions concerning this Data Protection and Privacy Policy please contact us at paper@khadi.com or Khadi Papers Ltd, Chilgrove, Chichester, West Sussex PO18 9HU United Kingdom
By accepting this policy statement, you consent to the use (including processing and storage), transfer and disclosure of your information and data referred to in this policy statement for the purposes set out in this policy statement.
If you feel that your personal data has not been handled correctly, or you are unhappy with our response to any requests you have made to us regarding the use of your data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office. You can contact them by calling 0303 123 1113, or via their website www.ico.org.uk/concerns.
We keep this policy under regular review. It was last updated in June 2018.
Telephone: +44 (0)1243 535 314
e-Mail: paper@khadi.com
News
Terms and Conditions
FAQs
Delivery Information
Privacy
Cookies
Sign Up To Our Newsletter
Subscribe
See khadi paper being
made
Khadi Paperssupports WaterAidin India and Nepal.
Design by 247 Creative
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok