http://www.pauls.com.au/privacy/
Products
Milk
Custard
Yoghurt
Cream
Desserts
FlavouredMilk
Kids
MealBases
Milk
Custard
Yoghurt
Cream
Desserts
Flavoured Milk
Kids
Meal Bases
Christmas
Recipes
Smoothies
About
Ask Pauls
Blog
PRIVACY POLICY
Pauls is committed to ensuring your privacy when you deal with us. Pauls, at all times, seeks to comply with the Privacy Act and the National Privacy Principles. Please read this statement to understand how your personal information will be treated when you deal with us. This policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically.
If you have any privacy queries or complaints, please contact Mr Nigel Ulrich, Parmalat Privacy Officer on (07) 3840 0759 (Refer to Point 8 within Privacy Policy document).
As well as the provisions of this Privacy Statement, including the detailed matters below, there may also be specific and additional privacy provisions which also apply to specific transactions you may have with Pauls. Because those specific and additional provisions also relate to your privacy protection, you should review them whenever they are accessible to you when dealing with Pauls. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Privacy Statement and those other specific and additional provisions, the specific and additional provisions will apply.
The information which we collect about you will depend on your relationship with us. Pauls understands and appreciates that you are concerned about your privacy and the confidentiality and security of information we may gain about you. We also recognise that information which you provide to us may be personal or confidential. Pauls does not and will not sell, provide, trade or lend your information to others without your permission.
See full Privacy Policy here.
×
Hello!
It appears you are visiting Pauls from Internationally.
This site features products specific to Australia.
Visit the Pauls Global page to see products available in your local market.
Visit the Pauls Global page
Vist the Pauls Australia page