https://www.harveybp.com/privacy-policy/
Locations
Contractor Login
Get InspiredProject GalleriesWindowsDoorsSidingSpotlight
1950s Ranch Completely Redesigned for the 21st Century
See the Transformation
This Old House chose Harvey
windows for a variety of projects.
THIS OLD HOUSE PROJECTS
Saving money goes beyond just swapping light bulbs.
Learn about Energy Efficiency
PROJECT IDEAS
From replacing windows to new construction, we can help.
Get Started
READY FOR THE NEXT STEP?
Proper installation, and an experienced contractor, are vital.
LEARN MORE
Our ProductsSupport CenterFor Pros
Menu
Our Products
Get Inspired
How to Buy
Support Center
For Pros
Contact Us
Locations
Contractor Login
Warranty Registration
Find a Contractor
loading...
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us.
Harvey Building Products is located at: 1400 Main Street, Waltham, MA 02451 | (800) 598-5400
It is Harvey Building Products’ policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to www.harveybp.com (hereinafter, “us”, “we”, or “www.harveybp.com”). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and Conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Harvey Building Products collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Harvey Building Products’ purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Harvey Building Products’ visitors use its website. From time to time, Harvey Building Products may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website. Harvey Building Products also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://www.harveybp.com blog posts. Harvey Building Products only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Harvey Building Products’ websites choose to interact with Harvey Building Products in ways that require Harvey Building Products to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Harvey Building Products gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at https://www.harveybp.com to provide a username and email address.
Security
Harvey follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Information submitted to Harvey. Wherever your Personal Information may be held within Harvey or on its behalf, Harvey takes reasonable and appropriate steps to protect the Personal Information that you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure. Moreover, no method of transmission over the Internet or storage of information is guaranteed secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Access to and use of password protected and/or secure areas of the website is restricted to authorized users only. Unauthorized individuals attempting to access these areas of the Site may be subject to criminal prosecution or civil damages.
Children’s Privacy
The Site is not structured nor intended for users under 18 years of age. Accordingly, Harvey will not knowingly collect or use any Personal Information from children that Harvey knows to be under the age of 18.
Applications for Employment
Harvey may from time to time place job openings on the Site that allow you to provide Harvey with your Personal Information. We collect your information, including Personal Information and information related to your applicable experience through online forms or other means. We may also collect contact instructions through online forms or other means.
Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
www.harveybp.com uses Google AdWords for remarketing
www.harveybp.com uses the remarketing services to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy. You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Harvey Building Products discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Harvey Building Products’ behalf or to provide services available at Harvey Building Products’ website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Harvey Building Products’ website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Harvey Building Products will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Harvey Building Products discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Harvey Building Products believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Harvey Building Products, third parties or the public at large.
If you are a registered user of https://www.harveybp.com and have supplied your email address, Harvey Building Products may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Harvey Building Products and our products. We primarily use our blog to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Harvey Building Products takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Aggregated Statistics
Harvey Building Products may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. Harvey Building Products may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Harvey Building Products does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
Demographic information
We may collect information about products or services you like. We might also collect information like your age or gender.
Location information
If you use our mobile website, we may collect location data obtained from your mobile device’s GPS. If you use our website, we may collect location data obtained from your IP address. In addition to any other uses noted in this Privacy Policy, we may use this location data to find our nearest location to you.
Other information
If you use our website, we may collect information about the browser you are using. We might track the pages you visit, look at what website you came from, or what website you visit when you leave us.
E-commerce
Those who engage in transactions with Harvey Building Products – by purchasing Harvey Building Products’ services or products, are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Harvey Building Products collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Harvey Building Products. Harvey Building Products does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described in this policy. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Business Transfers
If Harvey Building Products, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Harvey Building Products goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Harvey Building Products may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Harvey Building Products may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Harvey Building Products’ sole discretion. Harvey Building Products encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Your Consent
By using the Site, you consent to the terms of the Harvey Privacy Policy and to Harvey’s processing and use of Personal Information and Non-Personal Information for the purposes provided in the Privacy Policy. You further consent to reviewing the Privacy Policy from time to time to view any updates.
Last Revised on: 12/12/2016
Who We Are
We may sell windows and doors, for the exterior of your house, but that’s not what our customers are buying. They’re buying the peace of mind that comes from working with a company that stands behind every product, every day. So you aren’t just installing windows + doors. You’re installing confidence.
See the whole story
Who We Are
We may sell windows and doors, for the exterior of your house, but that’s not what our customers are buying. They’re buying the peace of mind that comes from working with a company that stands behind every product, every day. So you aren’t just installing windows + doors. You’re installing confidence.
See the whole story