http://www.addisonsmith.net/privacy-policy
Facebook
Google Plus
Skip to Navigation
Facebook
Google Plus
Main Nav
home
About Us
Careers
Log-In
News Blog
Contact Us
770-832-9006
Home ›
Privacy Policy
Introduction:
Addison Smith Mechanical Contractor, Inc. (“Addison Smith”)  is committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information. We encourage you to review the following Privacy Policy so that you may understand how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of our many offerings.
Types of personal information collected:
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data:
information about your visits to and use of this website;
information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us and/or subscribing to our website services and/or email notifications.
Methods of Collecting Personal Information:
We may collect information in several different ways from our website:
We may collect information about your computer and your visits to this website such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and number of page views. We may use this information in the administration of this website, to improve the website’s usability, and for marketing purposes.
As an initial matter, you may browse our website without submitting any personal information. If you choose to take advantage of some of our specific products and services that are available only to registered users, however, you will be asked to register with us. As part of your registration, we may ask for personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, email address, birth date, gender, occupation, industry, and family. We keep all of your personally identifiable information in secure online and offline facilities. Once you register, your use of our website will no longer be anonymous and you will be able to take full advantage of the many specialized offerings on our Website.
In addition to registration, we may ask you for personal information at other times, including (but not limited to) when you request information about a product, request dealer information, enter a sweepstakes, contest, or promotion sponsored by us or one of our partners or you may provide us with personal information when you send us a letter or email message, such as if you report a problem with our Website or services. If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence. From time to time, we also may ask users to complete surveys that we use for research purposes. Wherever we collect personal information, the information you provide will be subject to the terms of this Policy. In addition, we may use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
Finally, our sites also may contain links, advertisements, or other interactional tools to other websites that are operated by other companies or persons. We are not responsible for the Privacy Policies of other websites or third-party website functionality.  This Policy statement only applies to information collected and maintained by us.
Our Use of Cookies:
We may use cookies on this website. A cookie is a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The text file is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser. Some of these cookie files will be stored on your hard drive even after you close your browser and other files may be temporary files that will be deleted when you close your Internet browser. We will not, however, attempt to read any cookies or files that may be on your computer, including cookies that may have been placed on your computer by other Website that you may have visited.
We may send a cookie which may be stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. We may use the information we obtain from the cookie in the administration of this website, to improve the website’s usability and for marketing purposes. We may also use that information to recognize your computer when you visit our website.
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. (For example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookie by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector.) This will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many website.
Generally, we use cookies to:
Remind us of who you are and to access your account information (stored on our secured computers) in order to permit the tailoring of the Website to better match your interests and/or preferences. These cookies will be stored on your computer when you register or "Sign In" to one of our Website, and may be modified while you browse our sites or when you "Sign Out" from one of the sites.
Estimate our audience size. Each browser accessing one of our Website is given a unique cookie that is then used to determine the extent of repeat usage, usage by a registered user versus by an unregistered user, and to help target our services and advertisements based on your interests and behavior.
Track your progress and number of entries in some of our promotions, sweepstakes, and contests. When one of the promotions that we host uses cookies, the information written to the cookie may be used to indicate the player's progress through the promotion, and may be used to track entries, submissions, and status in prize drawings.
Measure certain traffic patterns, such as which areas of our Website you have visited and your visiting patterns. This information, however, is only gathered in aggregate form - that is, this aggregated information is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person. We use this research to understand how our users' habits are similar or different from one another so that we can make each new experience on our sites a better one. We may use this information to better personalize the content, banners, and promotions that you and other users will see on our sites.
Use of My Information:
Personal data submitted on this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website. In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this privacy policy, we may use your personal information to:
improve your browsing experience by personalizing the website;
send information (other than marketing communications) to you which we think may be of interest to you by post or by email or similar technology.
send to you marketing communications relating to our business (or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties) which we think may be of interest to you by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications to be sent by emailing us at parshall@cowtownmarketing.com.
provide other companies with statistical information about our users – but this information will not be used to identify any individual user.  We will not without your express consent provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing.
In addition, we do research on our users' demographics, interests, and behavior based on the information provided to us upon registration, during a promotion, from our server log files, or from surveys. We do this to better understand and serve our users. This research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis and may be shared with advertisers or business partners.
Third Party Website:
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of third party websites.
Specifically, please be aware that our partners, advertisers, and other Websites that have links on our sites may collect personally identifiable information about you. The information practices of those partners, advertisers, and other Websites linked to our site is not covered by this Policy.
Sharing Information:
When you are on our Website and are asked for personal information, you are sharing that information with us alone, unless it is specifically stated otherwise. Some of our services, however, may be offered in conjunction with a partner company. In order to provide this cobranded service to you, it may be necessary for us to share your personal information with our partner company.  For example, if you request information about a dealer in your geographical area, we may send your personally identifiable information to that dealer so that it can fulfill your request.
As a general rule, we will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information except when we have your permission or under special circumstances, such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it or as specifically set forth in this Policy. Please see the Terms of Use for each of our products and services for more detailed information about how your personal information may be shared. The following describes some of the ways that your information may be disclosed.
Many promotions may offer opportunities for you to request additional information from sponsors. By requesting more information, you give us permission to transfer your personal information to the sponsor so they can fulfill your request.
From time to time, you may request specific information about a product or you may be offered the opportunity to receive materials or special offers from third parties. If you opt to receive information from these third parties, we will share your name, address, telephone number if requested by you, and email address with them and our local representatives.
Third Party Data and Aggregated Data: Under confidentiality agreements, we may match user information with third-party data. Also, we disclose aggregated user statistics (for example, "45% of our users are female") in order to describe our services to current and prospective partners, advertisers, and other third parties, and for other lawful purposes. As noted above, this aggregated information will not be linked to any personally identifiable information that can identify any individual person.
In addition, promotions that run on our Website also may be sponsored by companies other than us or may be cosponsored by us and another company. Some or all data collected during a promotion may be shared with the sponsor. If data from your entry will be shared, you will be notified prior to the time of data collection. You can decide not to participate in the promotion if you do not want to share your information.
Other:
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere in this privacy policy, we may disclose information about you:
to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;
in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk); and
to the purchaser or seller (or prospective purchaser or seller) of any business or asset which we are (or are contemplating) selling or purchasing.
Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
Options Regarding Collection, Use, and Distribution of Information:
We may, from time to time, send you email regarding our products and services. In addition, if you indicated upon registration that you are interested in receiving offers or information from our partners and us, we may occasionally send you direct mail about products and services that we feel may be of interest to you. Only we (or companies with whom we contract and who agree to keep your information confidential) will prepare these direct mailings and only if you indicated that you do not object to receiving these offers.
On some of our promotions, we will ask for your email address in order to update you on your score, entries, and status in prize drawings. When you participate in these types of promotions, you automatically receive promotion-related email, unless you choose the no-email option that some promotions offer. Occasionally these promotion-related email messages may include targeted advertisements. You may also be required to provide personally identifiable information to collect your prize when you win one of our promotions or contests.
You also have choices with respect to cookies. By modifying your Internet browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. If you choose to reject all cookies you may be unable to use some of our services, including services that require registration in order to participate.
How We Protect Personal Financial Information:
Keeping your personal financial information private is vitally important to us.
Knowing that you use certain services or features may help us to offer you better and more relevant content and advertisements. But as with all personally identifiable information, we do not make this available to any third parties except as set forth in this Policy. Any user statistics that we may provide to prospective advertisers or partners regarding financial information are provided in the aggregate only and do not include any personally identifiable information linked to any individual user.
Security Precautions Regarding Loss, Misuse, or Alteration of Information:
Your account information on our Website is password-protected so that you and only you have access to this personal information. Therefore, we recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone and that you chose a password that only you know. We will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited email. Also remember to sign out of your account and close your browser window when you have finished your visit to our Website. These practices will help ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place such as a library or Internet cafe. If you use a public computer, you may also wish to delete any temporary or other files that may have been created during your visit on our sites.
Unfortunately, it is not possible for data transmissions over the Internet or wireless networks, or for any security precautions, to be guaranteed 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.
Children and Privacy:
The safety of children is very important to us. We maintain general audience Website that are designed for use by adults and that comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act. Specifically, we do not knowingly collect information from users under age 18.
We encourage parents to create a safe place for children on the Internet. Parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software or filtering services) are commercially available that may assist parents in limiting access to content that may be harmful to minors. We also encourage parents to monitor their child's use of the Internet and teach them not to disclose any personally identifiable information (including their age, appearance, school, grade, etc.) about themselves in emails, chat rooms, or on other sites, except with your knowledge and approval.
Policy amendments:
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.
Additional Information About Us:
Our Website is owned and operated by Addison Smith Mechanical Contractor, Inc., 110 Kingsbridge Drive, Carrollton, GA  30117.  For more information about Addison Smith, please visit our company's website.
home
Commercial Services
HVAC Service
HVAC Construction
Plumbing Construction
Design/Build
Industrial Retrofit & Fabrication
Controls
Engineering
Project Gallery
Quick Response Team
Commercial Maintenance
Join Now and Receive:
Extend Equipment Life
Improve Personnel Comfort
Cut Energy Costs
Reduce Maintenance Costs
Reduce Downtime Interruptions
View Maintenance Flyer
Read More
Our Services
Boiler Replacement
Furnace Replacement
Garage Heaters
Heating Tune-Ups
Heat Pump Replacement
A.C. Replacement
Air Conditioners
Cooling Tune-Ups
Whole House Generator
Zoning Systems
Air Cleaners
Dehumidifiers
Humidifiers
Thermostats
UV Germicidal Lamps
Faucets & Sinks
Garbage Disposal
Water Softeners
Sump Pumps
Backup Sump Pumps
Toilet Replacement
Outdoor Hydrants
Water Heater Replacement
Tankless Water Heaters
Whole House Repiping
Our HVAC service area includes these Georgia cities:
Alpharetta, Aragon, Atlanta, Bowdon, Bremen, Buchanan, Carrollton, Cedartown, Dallas, Douglasville, East Point, Fayetteville, Franklin, Grantville, Hogansville,
LaGrange, Mableton, Newnan, Peachtree City, Rome, Roopville, Sandy Springs, Smyrna, Tallapoosa, Temple, Union City, Villa Rica, Vinings.
© 2018 Addison Smith • Heating • Cooling • Plumbing • 770-809-3200 • Carrollton, GA
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy