http://www.kemin.com/na/en-us/company/privacy-policy
By continuing to browse this site you permit us and our partners to place identification cookies on your browser and agree to our use of cookies to identify you for marketing. Review our cookies policy for details or to change your cookies preferences. I accept
toggle on mobile
CAREERS
Kemin's Culture | Benefits, Wellness & Learning Opportunities
Join Our Teams - R&D, Marketing, Legal, IT, Finance & More
Contact HR
CONTACT
GLOBAL LOCATIONS
North America, English  (Change)
North America
US-English
Canada-English
Canada-French
Mexico-Spanish
Europe
English
Russia
Russian
Asia Pacific
English
Japanese
Sub-Saharan Africa
English
South Asia
English
South America
Portuguese
Spanish
China
Chinese
search icon
Submit Search
Close Search
Submit
toggle on mobile
Markets
+
Animal Nutrition & Health
Aquaculture
Biofuels
Crop Technologies
Food Technologies
Hemp
Human Nutrition & Health
Pet Food & Rendering Technologies
Textile Auxiliaries
Company
+
About Kemin Industries
Sustainability
Service to Customers
Innovations &
Technologies
Plant Science
Social Responsibility
Product Catalog
Blog
Careers
Contact
News
toggle on mobile
Markets
Company
News
CAREERS
CONTACT
GLOBAL LOCATIONS
Menu
General Terms & Conditions for Vendors
California Supply Chain Act
Privacy Policy
GDPR Personal Data Addendum
Indirect Cost
Kemin Terms & Conditions
Email Disclaimer
Customer Connect
Modern Slavery Act Transparency Statement
Kemin Privacy Policy
Kemin respects the privacy of every person who visits our websites or responds to our interactive advertisements and is committed to protecting personal information (including personal data as defined in GDPR and the CCPA) in accordance with national laws and regional regulations. This Privacy Statement outlines the information Kemin will collect, why we collect personal information, how we handle the information, and how we will use that information. This Statement will also tell you how you can verify the accuracy of your personal information submitted to Kemin through our websites and interactive advertisements and how you can request that we delete or update your personal information.
We've developed our privacy policy from industry guidelines and standards, and local, national, and international laws and requirements. All privacy practices and methods described herein only apply insofar as permitted by the applicable standards, laws, and requirements and as limited by the website you are visiting.
Please read this privacy policy carefully. This privacy policy may change from time to time, so please check back often. If you have any questions or comments regarding this privacy policy, please send an e-mail message to Privacy@kemin.com or contact us at 1-855-559-5198.
Information You Provide
You do not need to provide any information that identifies you ("personal information") to use this website. In general, you can visit our website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information. There are a few activities on our sites where the collection of personally identifiable information is necessary. Those activities include things like entering a contest or sweepstakes, making a purchase, or contacting us. When personally identifiable information is collected, you will know because you will have to fill out a form. For most activities, we collect only what is strictly necessary including your name, e-mail address, and zip code. When you make a purchase, we also collect your street and billing addresses, your phone number, and credit card information.
We will only use the personal information you have shared with us for the purposes clearly stated to you at the time you give us your consent. If any other purposes arise, Kemin will identify the purposes for which it wishes to collect your personal information before collecting or using such information. Your consent will always be sought prior to any additional processing.
Information Collected from You with Technology
Kemin Websites collect some information about you using technology, so it may not be readily apparent to you that it is being collected. For instance, when you come to our site your IP address is collected so that we know where to send information you are requesting. An IP address is often associated with the place from which you enter the Internet like your ISP (Internet service provider), your company, or your university. Kemin Websites use information collected through technology to make our sites more interesting and useful to you.
When you visit one of our pages on a third party website such as Facebook, Google, or YouTube, those websites may use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information and then use that information to provide you with personalized advertisements. These personalized advertisements are based on your previous interactions with Kemin. You can opt-out of the collection and use of your information for ad targeting by managing this in your device’s settings or by visiting http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1.
What We Collect
Kemin's primary goal in collecting personal information from you is to give you a meaningful, enjoyable and customized experience while using our Websites and to allow us to develop new products and services which are relevant to customers like you. Personal information also allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our service to make your online experience smooth and efficient.
Personal information received from you online will be used by Kemin, its subsidiaries, affiliates, joint ventures or partnerships, except as otherwise required by law or as Kemin discloses to you when the information is collected.
1. Personal Information
When you visit Kemin Websites, we may collect certain information from you such as your IP address and cookies which may be considered personal data. We will ask for your consent to do so[KF1] [KG2]  when legally required. In other sections, we may ask you for other personal information including name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and credit card number, however, we will not collect this personal information about unless you consent.
If you opt not to provide us with personal information you can still access our websites; however, you may be unable to participate in certain promotions or receive product information offered through Kemin Websites.
2. Aggregate and Statistical Data
Kemin may collect certain aggregate data called web log information (such as your web browser, operating system, pages visited, etc.) and use cookies when you visit many of our web pages. For instance, when you visit one of our Websites, our web server will automatically recognize some information, including but not limited to the date and time you visited our site, the pages you visited, the referrer (the website you came from), the type of browser you are using (e.g. Mozilla Firefox, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using (e.g. Windows, Linux or Mac OS), and the domain name and address of your Internet service provider.
In some cases, we may also collect information about you that you voluntarily submit, such as general statistical information like age, gender, household size, zip/postal code, preferences and interests that we aggregate and use in marketing our products and for other uses regarding customer preferences. We may also collect information on you when you visit one of our social media pages in order to provide targeted advertising.
How We Use Your Information
1. Personal Information
We may use your personal information to contact you. For example, we may send you marketing or promotional materials including e-mails or other information; we may respond to your comments or requests for information, or we may contact you if needed in the course of processing or shipping your order for products or services offered through our websites.
We may use the information to activate an account for you and to give you (and only you) online access to your account information and Kemin proprietary information in a secure environment. We also may use the information to respond to questions related to services offered on the Kemin Websites. If you have indicated an interest in Kemin or the Kemin Websites, we may use the information to understand your use of the Kemin Websites and to send you materials on certain products and/or services about which you might be interested.
We also use personal information about you to improve our marketing and promotional efforts; to statistically analyze site usage; to improve our content and product offerings; and to customize our sites' content, layout, and services. We may also use your information to deliver information to you that, in some cases, is targeted to your interests, such as targeted banners, new services, and promotions. These uses allow us to improve our sites and better tailor it to meet our visitors' needs. Information collected automatically (e.g., through cookies) may be combined with your previously submitted personal information.
2. Aggregate and Statistical Data
Kemin uses web log information (such as your web browser, operating system, pages visited, etc.) to help us design our Website, to identify popular features, and for other managerial purposes. However, weblogs may be used if necessary to help identify any person attempting to break into or damage our website. We may share web log information with law enforcement agencies if we believe that we have evidence of a violation of computer security or related laws.
At some Kemin Websites, you can order product samples, enter contests, vote in polls or otherwise express an opinion, subscribe to one of our services such as newsletters, or participate in one of our online forums or communities. These programs require you to submit some information in order to participate. These programs and the types of information required are described in more detail below.
3. Registration/Subscriptions/Product Samples Requests
To fully use our Websites, visitors may need to register using our online registration forms, where visitors will be required to provide us with their personal information. Visitors may also be asked to select a user ID and password. Further, to register for certain services or become a member of certain communities, we may ask visitors to submit their name, e-mail address, home address, and zip/postal code. In addition, we ask for the country of residence and age so that we can comply with all applicable privacy regulations.
4. Contests/Sweepstakes
Kemin may run contests, sweepstakes and other promotions on its Websites. These events which may ask you to provide personal information which is needed in order to administer the contest, sweepstakes or promotions and to notify winners.
5. Questionnaires, Surveys and Profile Data
Kemin may occasionally ask visitors to complete surveys and opinion polls about their interests, needs, and attitudes. Surveys help us provide better services and products that meet customer needs. Participation is completely voluntary and these surveys are optional.
6. Consumer Services and Contact Information
If you provide our consumer service representatives with feedback on your experiences with our products/services or otherwise submit questions to our consumer service representatives or webmasters, you will be asked to supply personal information for our record keeping and follow-up.
7. Employment Information
Personal information you may submit in connection with employment inquiries will be used only for recruitment and future internal consideration. It will be accessible solely by persons responsible for recruitment for Kemin entities. This information will be kept no longer than necessary as required by law. EU applicants see: EU Privacy Policy
Data Sharing and Transfer
1. How We May Share Information
We will not trade or sell personal information of our visitors for use by any business, other than a Kemin company without your consent or as otherwise provided herein. We do not provide personal information about you to other companies for money. However, aggregated and statistical data from our visitors may be shared with our affiliated companies, subsidiaries or partners. For example, we may let a partner know that approximately "20,000 people visited a web page regarding a specific promotion."
Occasionally, we may share personal information from you (such as name, mailing addresses and e-mail addresses) with vendors, contractors or partners of Kemin in connection with services that these individuals or entities perform for or with Kemin. These vendors, contractors or partners are contractually restricted from using this data in any way other than to provide services for Kemin and they may not share or resell this data. Kemin does utilize outside vendors to engage in online marketing and these vendors may use device identifiers to provide you with ads based on your previous visits to Kemin.com. You can opt-out of these services in your device’s settings or by visiting http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=.  The services they provide for Kemin include mailing product samples, or contacting the winners of Kemin contests.
We may share your personal information with our subsidiaries and affiliated companies. These subsidiaries and affiliated companies will follow the data collection and use practices set forth in this privacy policy.
We also may share your personal information with unaffiliated third parties in limited instances. For example, we may share your personal information with those third parties with which we enter into joint ventures. We also may share your personal information as is necessary to process or collect payments, or to service accounts. In addition, we may hire third-party technology providers to host the Kemin Websites to store your personal information. Also, personal information may be disclosed to unaffiliated third parties in the unlikely event of a sale or liquidation of substantially all of the assets of Kemin.
Finally, we may be required to disclose personal information by law or legal process, to protect and defend the rights or property of Kemin or to protect the personal safety of Kemin Website users and customers. We reserve the right to contact appropriate authorities when activities that are illegal or violate our policies are taking place on Kemin Websites.
Please note that we may be required to disclose your personal information to comply with any law, regulation, court order, or legal or government request. We also reserve the right to collect and share any information we deem necessary to investigate or take action in connection with suspected fraud, illegal activities, possible harm to persons or property, to protect ourselves or as otherwise required or permitted by law.
Please keep in mind that certain areas of our web site may be interactive in nature, and may allow you to post information that other users can see. If you do not wish to have information viewed publicly, please do not use those portions of the website.
2. Data Transfers
Your personal information will generally be stored in our Kemin databases, which are located in various geography, including the United States and the European Union. For the transfer of data from the European Economic Area  we rely on a group transfer agreement based on the model clauses approved by the European Commission. Please be aware of the fact that the privacy laws which will govern the use of your information in such other jurisdictions may not be considered as rigorous or restrictive as the ones in place in your home jurisdiction. However, Kemin will take all necessary precautions to provide your personal data with the same care and protection, and we commit to not selling, renting, trading or disclosing the personal information you provide to anyone outside of the Kemin group of companies, except in those instances where you give us your express consent to do so.
Personal information submitted online during an employment application process will be stored in a database located in Belgium for European Middle Eastern and African applicants, in the United States for US, Canadian, Mexican, Central American and South American applicants, in India for Indian applicants, and in Singapore for applicants from the Pacific Rim. Kemin may also store data in intermediary servers in India, Europe, Asia, South America, and North America. European applicants may review our Applicant privacy policy as located on our careers webpage.
How We Protect Personal Information
Kemin takes reasonable measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access through the use of network firewalls, physical security, and use and access policies for employees. We safeguard customer information from unauthorized access by limiting the number of employees permitted to access such information, and by having in place processes for disciplinary action where appropriate.
Cookies
When you view one of our websites or interactive advertisements, we may store some information on your computer. This information will be in the form of a small text file, also called a "cookie" which enables the website to remember your actions and preferences. Cookies help us in many ways to make your visit to our website more enjoyable and meaningful to you. Kemin uses cookies to remember your location and tailor advertising preferences. For example, cookies avoid you having to log in every time you come back to one of our websites. They also allow us to tailor a website or advertisement to better match your interests and preferences as well as your particular region. Kemin will not use cookie information for any purpose other than those stated above.
Most browsers can be configured not to accept cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. You can also delete all cookies that are on your computer and set your browser to prevent them from being placed. However, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work. See aboutcookies.org for information on how to configure your browser or control your cookies.
In many cases, cookies will be considered personal data under EU laws and regulations. You will enjoy the same rights regarding these cookies as you do for other personal data as outlined in this policy.
Children's Privacy
Kemin believes that it's especially important to protect children's privacy online and encourages parents and guardians to spend time online with their children to participate and monitor their Internet activity. Kemin respects all applicable national and international children's privacy regulations.
Kemin does not knowingly collect personal information or other identifying data from children under the age of 13. If a child whom we know to be under 13 has provided us with personal information, a parent or guardian of that child may contact us at the e-mail address or address listed at the bottom of this Privacy Statement if they would like this information deleted from our records. We will use reasonable efforts to delete the child's information from our databases. We do not filter advertisements or other content that children may view through our sites, and they could receive content and materials from the Internet and/or advertising that are inappropriate for children.
If you would like to contact us about your or your child's personal information or to find out how you can have your child's personal information removed from our database, please see the Access To Your Information and Complaints section later in this document.
Data Security and Responsibility
Kemin is committed to keeping the data you provide us secure and will take reasonable precautions to protect your personal information from loss, misuse or alteration. Vendors, contractors, or partners of Kemin who have access to your personal information in connection with providing services for Kemin are required to keep the information confidential and are not permitted to use this information for any other purpose than to carry out the services they are performing for Kemin. We use secure connections on our Websites to protect credit card information during its transmission.
Accessing, Rectifying, or Deleting Your Personal information
If you live in Europe, you have the right to access, check, delete, and rectify the information we hold about you. If you live in California, you may have additional rights. Please see our California Rights page [KG3] to learn more. If at any time you wish to update or correct any personal information you have provided, or you no longer wish us to collect or process any personal information for the purposes described above, please contact us through privacy@kemin.com, at 1-855-559-5198, or through one of the online forms found on Kemin.com.
You are in control of the personal information you provide to Kemin online. You can:
Ask for a copy of your personal information.
Ask for your personal information to be corrected or updated.
Ask us to remove your personal information from our records
Exercise your GDPR, CCPA, or Nevada Privacy Rights
To do this, please contact us at  privacy@kemin.com, at 1-855-559-5198, or through one of the online forms found on Kemin.com. Kemin will use reasonable efforts to fulfill your request.
Data Retention
Kemin and its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents will retain your personal information only as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes described above or as required by law.
You will be able to unsubscribe from receiving marketing information from us by following the ‘unsubscribe’ link in the e-mail marketing we send to you. Alternatively, you may send us a request using the contact details at the bottom of this policy.
Please note that if you opt not to receive promotional messages from us, we will still continue to send you information that relates to any account, your order or any other business relationship you may have with Kemin.
External Links
This website may provide links to various websites. When you click on one of these links, you will be transferred from the Kemin Websites and connected to the website of the organization or company that you selected. Even if an affiliation exists between Kemin and a third-party website, Kemin exercises no control over linked sites and this privacy policy does not govern the data collection and use practices of those sites. Each of these linked sites maintains its own independent privacy policies and procedures. If you visit a website that is linked to the Kemin site, you should consult that site's privacy policy before providing that site with any of your personal information.
Terms, Changes, and Questions
By using this Website, you signify your agreement to the terms of our privacy policy. If you do not agree with these terms, please do not use or disclose any personal information through our site.
If we decide to change this privacy policy, we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose it to anyone.
If you have any questions or comments about this policy or our use of personal information, you may send an e-mail to privacy@kemin.com. We will use reasonable efforts to promptly investigate any complaint you may have regarding our use of personal information.
General Terms and Conditions for Vendors
CALIFORNIA SUPPLY CHAIN ACT
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS (Do Not Sell My Personal Information)
PRIVACY POLICY
GDPR
PERSONAL DATA ADDENDUM
INDIRECT COST
KEMIN TERMS AND CONDITIONS
E-MAIL DISCLAIMER
MODERN SLAVERY ACT TRANSPARENCY STATEMENT
Sitemap
© Kemin Industries, Inc. and its group of companies 2019. All rights reserved. ® ™ Trademarks of Kemin Industries, Inc., USA
Certain statements may not be applicable in all geographical regions. Product labeling and associated claims may differ based upon government requirements.