https://www.nordicnaturals.com/consumers/terms-conditions
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Authorized Retailer Terms & Conditions
To protect and promote our brand and reputation for providing high-quality products, Nordic Naturals, Inc. (“Nordic Naturals”) has established these Authorized Retailer Terms & Conditions (the “Terms”), effective immediately, which apply to authorized retailers of Nordic Naturals products (the “Products”). By purchasing from Nordic Naturals for retail sale, you (“Retailer”) agree to adhere to the following terms. Please read these Terms carefully.
Purchase Orders. Orders for Products made by Retailer shall be handled pursuant to the then-current product order, shipment, and return procedures, which may be amended by Nordic Naturals at any time in its sole and absolute discretion. Nordic Naturals reserves the right to reject any orders, in whole or in part, for any reason. Any additional or different terms proposed by Retailer (including, without limitation, any terms contained in any document incorporated by reference into a purchase order) are rejected and will be deemed a material alteration hereof, unless expressly agreed to in writing by Nordic Naturals. Furthermore, Nordic Naturals will not be bound by any “disclaimers”, “click wrap” or “click to approve” terms or conditions now or hereafter contained in any website used by Retailer in connection with the Products or any sale thereof.
Manner of Sale. Retailer shall sell the Products only as set forth herein. Sales in violation of the Terms are strictly prohibited and may result in Nordic Naturals’ immediate termination of Retailer’s account, in addition to other remedies. Furthermore, Products sold to unauthorized persons or through unauthorized channels, including unauthorized websites, shall not be eligible for certain promotions, services, and benefits, including, unless prohibited by law, coverage under Nordic Naturals’ Product warranties and guarantees.
Retailer shall sell Products solely to end users of the Products. Retailer shall not sell to anyone a quantity of the Products greater than that generally purchased by an individual for personal use.
Retailer shall not sell, ship or invoice Products to customers outside of the United States or to anyone Retailer knows or has reason to know intends to ship the Products outside of the United States without the prior written consent of Nordic Naturals.
Retailer is permitted to market for sale or sell the Products through websites owned or operated by Retailer; provided however, that such websites identify Retailer’s full legal name, mailing address, telephone number and email address. Nordic Naturals, in its sole discretion, may revoke Retailer’s authorization to sell the Products on such websites at any time, and Retailer shall cease marketing for sale and/or selling the Products on such website immediately upon notice of such revocation. Retailer shall not sell the Products on or through any other website, including any third-party marketplace website such as Amazon, eBay, Jet, Rakuten, Walmart Marketplace, or Sears Marketplace, without the prior written consent of Nordic Naturals, which is granted solely by Nordic Naturals. No Nordic Naturals employee or agent can authorize online sales through oral statements, other written agreement, or by any other means.
Retailer shall comply with any and all applicable laws, rules, regulations and policies related to the advertising, sale and marketing of the Products.
Product Care & Quality Controls. Retailer shall care for the Products as set forth herein.
Product Inspection. Retailer shall inspect the Products upon receipt and during storage for damage, defects, broken seals, evidence of tampering or other nonconformance (collectively, “Defects”). Retailer shall also inspect its inventory regularly for expired or soon-to-be expired Products and shall remove those Products from its inventory. Retailer shall not sell any Products that are expired. If any Defects are identified, Retailer must not offer the Product for sale and must promptly report the Defects to Nordic Naturals.
Product Storage and Handling. Retailer shall exercise due care in storing and handling the Products, store the Products in a cool, dry place, away from direct sunlight, extreme heat, and dampness, and in accordance with any additional storage guidelines specified by Nordic Naturals from time to time.
Recalls and Consumer Safety. To ensure the safety and well-being of the end-users of the Products, Retailer shall cooperate with Nordic Naturals with respect to any Product recall or other consumer safety information dissemination effort.
Alterations & Bundling Prohibited. Retailer shall sell Products in their original packaging, with all seals intact. Retailer shall not sell or label the Products as “used”, “open box” or any other similar descriptors. Relabeling, repackaging (including the separation of bundled products or the bundling of products), misbranding, adulterating, and other alterations are not permitted. Retailer shall not tamper with, deface, or otherwise alter any batch code or other identifying information on Products or packaging. Retailer shall not remove or destroy any copyright notices, trademarks or other proprietary markings on the Products, documentation, or other materials related to the Products. Removing, translating, or modifying the contents of any label or literature accompanying the Products is prohibited. Retailer shall not advertise, market, display, or demonstrate non-Nordic Naturals products together with the Products in a manner that would create the impression that the non-Nordic Naturals products are made by, endorsed by, or associated with Nordic Naturals.
Customer Service & Product Representations. Retailer and Retailer’s sales personnel shall familiarize themselves with the features of all Products marketed for sale and must obtain sufficient Product knowledge to advise end-user customers on the selection and safe use of the Products, as well as any applicable warranty or return policy. Retailer must make itself available to respond to customer questions and concerns both before and after sale of the Products and should endeavor to respond to customer inquiries promptly. Retailer and Retailer’s agents must represent the Products in a professional manner and refrain from any conduct that is or could be detrimental to the reputation of Nordic Naturals. Retailer agrees to cooperate fully with Nordic Naturals in any investigation or evaluation of such matters.
Intellectual Property. Nordic Naturals owns all proprietary rights in and to the Nordic Naturals brand, name, logo, trademarks, service marks, trade dress, copyrights, and other intellectual property related to the Products (the “IP”). Retailer is granted a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use the IP solely for purposes of marketing and selling the Products as set forth herein. This license will cease upon termination of Retailer’s status as an Authorized Retailer. Nordic Naturals reserves the right to review and approve, in its sole discretion, Retailer’s use or intended use of the IP at any time, without limitation. All goodwill arising from Retailer’s use of the IP shall inure solely to the benefit of Nordic Naturals.
Termination. If Retailer violates any of the Terms, Nordic Naturals reserves the right to terminate the Terms immediately in addition to all other available remedies. Upon termination, Retailer will immediately lose its status as an Authorized Retailer and shall immediately cease (i) selling the Products; (ii) acting in any manner that may reasonably give the impression that Retailer is an Authorized Retailer or has any affiliation with Nordic Naturals; and (iii) using any IP.
Availability of Injunctive Relief. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if there is a breach or threatened breach the Terms, it is agreed and understood that Nordic Naturals will have no adequate remedy in money or other damages at law. Accordingly, Nordic Naturals shall be entitled to injunctive relief and other equitable remedies; provided, however, no specification in the Terms of any particular remedy shall be construed as a waiver or prohibition of any other remedies in the event of a breach or threatened breach of the Terms. No failure, refusal, neglect, delay, waiver, forbearance, or omission by Nordic Naturals to exercise any right(s) herein shall constitute a waiver of any provision herein.
Miscellaneous. Nordic Naturals reserves the right to update, amend, or modify the Terms upon written or electronic notice to Retailer. Unless otherwise provided, such amendments will take effect immediately and Retailer’s continued use, advertising, offering for sale, or sale of the Products, use of the IP, or use of any other information or materials provided by Nordic Naturals to Retailer under the Terms following notice will be deemed Retailer’s acceptance of the amendments. No waiver of any breach of any provision of the Terms shall constitute a waiver of any prior, concurrent, or subsequent breach of the same or any other provisions hereof, nor shall it constitute a course of dealing and no waiver shall be effective unless made in writing. If any provision of the Terms is held contrary to law, the remaining provisions shall remain valid. The following provisions shall survive the termination of the Terms: Sections 3 and 7. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE PARTIES EACH HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVE ALL RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING, OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED UPON CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE TERMS OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY OR THE PARTIES ACTIONS IN THE NEGOTIATIONS, ADMINISTRATION, OR ENFORCEMENT HEREOF OR THEREOF. THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT SUCH WAIVER IS MADE WITH FULL KNOWLEDGE AND UNDERSTANDING OF THE NATURE OF THE RIGHTS AND BENEFITS WAIVED HEREBY, AND WITH THE BENEFIT OF ADVICE OF COUNSEL OF ITS CHOOSING.
Effective Date: March 1, 2019
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING OR PARTICIPATING IN THE NORDIC REWARDS PROGRAM, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND ALL TERMS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE AS DESCRIBED BELOW. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR PARTICIPATE IN THE NORDIC REWARDS PROGRAM.
These Nordic Rewards Program Terms and Conditions (“Rewards Terms” or “Terms”) apply to your access to and participation in the Nordic Rewards Program (“Rewards Program” or “Nordic Rewards”), which is operated by Nordic Naturals, Inc.. These Rewards Terms do not alter in any way the terms or conditions of any other agreement you may have with Nordic Naturals for other products and services. Please note that your access to and participation in the Rewards Program is also governed by the terms, conditions, limitations and requirements linked in these Rewards Terms, all of which (as may be changed over time) are incorporated into these Rewards Terms.
Nordic Naturals reserves the right to change, modify and/or eliminate the Rewards Program and/or all or any portion of these Rewards Terms or any policy pertaining to the Rewards Program at any time and in our sole discretion, including our right to discontinue or change the benefits or change the expiration date of rewards points (defined below) received under the Rewards Program, merge the Rewards Program with another rewards program, or to adjust how rewards points are earned, calculated or redeemed. If we make changes, we will post the amended Rewards Terms to www.nordicnaturals.com/consumers/reward-points and update the effective date above. We may also attempt to notify you in other ways. Unless we say otherwise, the amended Rewards Terms will be effective immediately and your continued participation in the Rewards Program after the amended terms are posted will confirm your acceptance of the changes. If you do not agree to the amended Rewards Terms, you must stop participating in the Rewards Program.
1. Rewards Program Eligibility
You must be a United States resident (including residents of U.S. Territories) who is at least 18 years of age to participate in the Rewards Program. The Rewards Program is intended for personal use only, and commercial use by commercial customers and others purchasing items for resale are not eligible to participate in the Rewards Program. Current Nordic Naturals employees and contractors are not eligible to participate in the Rewards Program.
2. Privacy
Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your visit to the NordicNaturals.com website, to understand our practices.
3. Rewards Program Description
The Rewards Program is a free customer loyalty program that allows participants to earn rewards points with qualifying purchases on NordicNaturals.com. Participants may also earn rewards points by participating in promotional activities that may be offered through the Rewards Program from time to time.
Participants in the Rewards Program may redeem accumulated rewards points for discounts on purchases made on Nordicnaturals.com. These Rewards Terms provide a general overview of the Rewards Program.
4. Joining the Nordic Rewards Program
There are no membership fees associated with the Rewards Program. You will enroll in the Rewards Program when you create an account on the Nordic Naturals website. The enrollment form requires that you provide your first name, last name, e-mail address and create a password.
You may only have one Rewards Program account, and it is nontransferable. You are responsible for anyone else who uses your Rewards Program account.
5. Earning Rewards Points
As a member of the Nordic Rewards program you will receive 1 point per $1 spent on qualifying purchases (10% back), and 2 points per $1 spent on auto-ship purchases (20% back). To earn points, you must be logged in to your Rewards Program account. Qualifying purchases include regular and sale priced products purchased at Nordicnaturals.com. Certain purchases may not qualify for accrual of rewards points, including but not limited to shipping fees, sales tax, and any purchase made with rewards points. Customers may also be eligible to receive bonus rewards points for specified promotional offers advertised from time to time by Nordic Naturals at the sole discretion of Nordic Naturals. The details of such bonus rewards points will be provided at the time the offer is made.
The Nordic Rewards points structure, including any bonus rewards points, is subject, at Nordic Naturals's sole discretion, to modification or limitation at any time, including, without limitation, the right to establish additional means of accruing rewards points, the right to modify and delete any or all of the recognized means of accruing rewards points, their values and types, and the rewards points redemption terms, and the right to exclude specific types of transactions from reward point eligibility.
Nordic Rewards points are accrued after customers make a purchase on Nordicnaturals.com once payment has posted. Only the individual named as the primary account holder may accrue rewards points for qualifying purchases.
For returned merchandise, if a customer has paid with rewards points, the refund will be provided as rewards points. For purchases made with both rewards points and a credit card, customers will receive a refund in the same combination used at the time of payment. If you void a purchase or return your purchase, Nordic Naturals will deduct the rewards points that you were awarded for that purchase from your rewards program account. If you have already redeemed those rewards points, this could potentially result in a negative rewards point balance in your rewards program account.
A summary of a customer's Nordic Naturals account may be obtained by visiting Nordicnaturals.com. Nordic Naturals will attempt to credit customers' accounts with rewards points on a timely basis. However, each customer shall have the responsibility of ensuring that his or her rewards points are properly credited. Any claim for rewards points not credited accurately must be received by Nordic Naturals within thirty (30) days of the date of claimed accrual of such rewards points, or else such rewards points will no longer be valid or usable. Nordic Naturals shall have no liability for any printing, production, typographical, mechanical, or other errors in offering or awarding rewards points, for any delay or failure to credit rewards points to accounts, or for any failure to provide account summaries as outlined herein.
6. Redemption of Rewards Points
Once a customer has accrued any rewards points in his or her account, the customer may apply the rewards points as a discount on any purchase on Nordicnaturals.com. A customer may redeem any amount of earned rewards points on any purchase on the Nordic Naturals website. Rewards points can be redeemed in whole or in part for purchases made on Nordicnaturals.com.
No cash will be exchanged for the unused portion of any customer's rewards points. Once rewards points have been redeemed, they are no longer valid for any subsequent redemption and they may not be returned or refunded to a customer's account for any reason except for a refund of purchase using rewards points.
7. Expiration of Rewards Points
Rewards points will expire 18 months from the date they were earned.
8. Miscellaneous
Nordic Naturals reserves the right to invalidate rewards points from a customer's account with notice if it determines, in its sole discretion that such rewards points were improperly credited to such customer's account or were obtained fraudulently or otherwise in violation of these Terms. Nordic Naturals reserves the right to require proof of accrual of rewards points and the right to delay the processing or redemption of any rewards points without notice, in order to assure compliance with these Terms.
Without limiting any other remedies, Nordic Naturals may suspend or terminate any account if Nordic Naturals suspects, in its sole discretion that any customer or other person has engaged in fraudulent activity in connection with the Rewards Program. Rewards points do not constitute property, do not entitle a customer to a vested right or interest and have no cash value. As such, rewards points are not redeemable for cash, transferable, or assignable for any reason. The sale, barter, transfer or assignment of any accumulated rewards points, other than by Nordic Naturals, is strictly prohibited. Any rewards points that Nordic Naturals deems, in its sole discretion, to have been transferred, sold, bartered or assigned in violation of the Rewards Program Terms may be confiscated and/or canceled. Participation in the Rewards Program is subject to these Terms, as well as policies and procedures that Nordic Naturals may adopt or modify from time to time. Any failure to abide by the Terms or any policies or procedures implemented by Nordic Naturals, any conduct detrimental to Nordic Naturals, or any misrepresentation or fraudulent activities in connection with this Rewards Program, or failure to act in a manner consistent with federal, state, or local laws, regulations, or ordinances, may result, in addition to any rights or remedies available to rewards points in law or equity, in termination of participation in the Rewards Program, as well as forfeiture of any rewards points accrued to date and any other benefits earned in connection therewith.