http://www.customerfx.com/privacy/
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Customer FX Privacy Policy
Customer FX Corporation (“Customer FX”) regards customers privacy as one of its most important values. Customer FX wants you to know how it protects the information of Customer FX customers who make use of the services and products offered though this website (the “Customer FX Website”).
Electronic Service Registration
When you register to receive a product or information through the Customer FX Website (“Registered User”), you will be prompted to provide certain information that identifies you (“Personal Information”) or allows Customer FX to contact you. Such registration information may be merged with any information you have already provided to the Company (the “Personal Profile”). If you have not previously registered with Customer FX, a Personal Profile will be created for you from your electronic registration information.
Privacy
To protect your privacy when you browse and/or make use of the services provided through the Customer FX Website, the Customer FX follows certain basic rules:
Notice. Generally, personal information is requested when: (i) existing Customer FX customers register for the Customer FX Newsletter or Customer FX Workshops/Webinars; and (ii) visitors to the Customer FX Website request certain information about Customer FX information, products, and/or services. Although the Terms of Use governing (i) and (ii) above may vary, Customer FX uses your personal Information in all three situations for the same general purposes:
To make the Customer FX Website easier to use by not having to enter information more than once
To find services or information quicker
To create relevant content
To distribute alerts concerning product upgrades, special offers, updated information, and other new services and products from Customer FX
Consent/Choice. If you choose not to provide personal information, you can still browse and/or use many areas of the Customer FX Website, but you will not be able to access certain areas that are restricted to specific users.
Customer FX will share personal information to facilitate transactions, or to comply with the valid legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena, or court order.
Data Integrity/Security. Customer FX collects personal information that is relevant for the purpose for which it is to be used, and Customer FX will take reasonable precautions to ensure that such data is appropriate for its intended use. Additionally, Customer FX takes precautions to protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
Enforcement. If you believe Customer FX has not adhered to these rules, please notify us by e-mail at info@customerfx.com, and we will do its best to determine and correct the problem promptly. Be certain the words “Privacy Policy” are in the subject line.
Ad Tracking
Customer FX occasionally uses the AdRoll display advertising network to collect visitor data on our site and then serve targeted display ads to you on other sites. Our partners use technology such as cookies and web beacons to collect this data. For more information or to opt-out of this type of advertising, please visit AdRoll’s privacy policy.
Third Party Information
As you browse CustomerFX.com and other websites, online ad networks we work with may place anonymous cookies on your computer, and use similar technologies, in order to understand your interests based on your (anonymous) online activities, and thus to tailor more relevant ads to you. If you do not wish to receive such tailored advertising, you can visit this page to opt out of most companies that engage in such advertising. (This will not prevent you from seeing ads; the ads simply will not be delivered through these targeting methods.)
Connect With Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Feed
Contact Us
Newsletter
Location 2324 University Avenue West
Suite 204
Saint Paul, Minnesota 55114
Tel: (800) 728-5783
Tel: (651) 646-7777
info@customerfx.com
More About UsView Our 17+ Years of Technical Articles
View Our 300+ Videos
View Our Document Library
View Our Workshops
The Customer FX Team
The Customer FX Values
Top 10 Reasons to Partner
Contact Customer FX
Partner With Us
Infor CRM Partner
Creatio Partner
Contact us for more information about your use of our website
Contact Us
Subscribe To Our NewsletterJoin our mailing list to receive the latest Infor CRM (Saleslogix) and Creatio (bpm'online) news and product updates!
SUBSCRIBE!
You have Successfully Subscribed!
WordPress Download Manager
WordPress Download Manager - Best Download Management Plugin
Close