http://www.wirebelt.com/help-centre/reverse-bends
Toggle navigation
English
Spanish
Products
Help Center
About Us
Contact Us
The Trusted Metal Conveyor Belt Manufacturer™
Call Me Now
Find a Local Rep
(603) 644-2500
English
Spanish
< Help Center
Filter By:
BASIC VIEW
DETAIL VIEW
Search for:
Reverse bends
Several of the typical conveyor layouts include one or more reverse bends. A reverse bend occurs when the belt flexes in the opposite direction from a transfer. Reverse bends are typically used to increase sprocket wrap or for take-ups.
It is good engineering practice to use the largest diameter possible for all changes of direction. This will decrease flexing of the wire strands and help prolong belt life. So, if a reverse bend must be used, we recommend the roll diameter be at least 10 times the belt pitch in inches. It is not necessary to groove these rolls because they contact the belt on its smooth side.
If your application requires you to drive the belts at a reverse bend, (we do not recommend this practice) special sprockets must be designed. The pitch of the belt changes in a reverse bend, so the belt mesh will not be properly engaged unless these special sprockets are used.
North & South America
Change Region
Product & Support information on this site is intended for North America, South America, and the Caribbean. For other areas, please visit the appropriate site below:
Wire Belt Company Osterloh GmbH
Serving Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Russia, and Eastern Europe
wirebelt.de
Wire Belt Co. Ltd.
Serving the United Kingdom, Western Europe, Africa, Asia, and Australasia
wirebelt.co.uk
Products
Conveyor Belts
Conveyors
Drive Components
Weldless Jack Chains
Accessories
Help Center
12 Potential Causes of Downtime
Conveyor Frame
Belt Drive Best Practices
Inspection and Installation Check List
Belt Cleaning Fundamentals
Reverse Bends
Typical Conveyor Layouts
About Us
News & Events
Our History
Our Culture and People
Certifications, Policies, & Awards
Careers
Contact Us
Request a Quote
Contact Support
Find a Local Representative
© 2020 Wire Belt Company of America • 154 Harvey Road, Londonderry, NH 03053
ISO 9001:14001 Registered • Phone: 603-644-2500 | Fax: 603-644-3600
Privacy Shield Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
By using this Website, and/or requesting further information or a quote on this Website or through other means, or checking the terms and conditions box, you agree to the WBCA and HB Terms and Conditions set forth below, including, without limitation, the Privacy Policy
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube