https://www.wbsllc.com/legal-information/cookie-policy/
Take our free Leadership Assessment
Member Login
How We Can Help
Speaking
5 Stages Leadership™
Blog
Store
About
Contact
How We Can Help
Speaking
5 Stages Leadership™
Blog
Store
About
Contact
This site uses cookies - small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping carts, and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics. As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers.
THE TYPE OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU
Like most places on the Internet, simply by visiting our website you automatically tell us certain information. This includes basic information such as your IP address, when you visited, the website from where you came prior to visiting us, the website where you go when you leave our website, your computer's operating system, and the type of web browser that you are using. Our website automatically records this basic information about you. And like many other websites, we may use cookies. In plain English, this means information that our website's server transfers to your computer. This information can be used to track your session on our website. Cookies may also be used to customize our website content for you as an individual. If you are using one of the common Internet web browsers, you can set up your browser to either let you know when you receive a cookie or to deny cookie access to your computer. We may also collect any data that you provide us by posting it on our website or by e-mail. You can always choose not to provide us with information. However, if you do withhold information, we may deny you access to some or all of our website's services and features. Some transactions between you and our website may involve payment by credit card, debit card, checks, money orders, and/or third party online payment services. In such transactions, we will collect information related to the transaction as part of the course of doing business with you, including your billing address, telephone number, and other information related to the transaction.
WHAT WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION
We use your information to operate our website's business activities. For example, we may use this data to contact you about changes to our website, new services, or special offers, resolve disputes, troubleshoot issues, and enforce our website's terms and conditions. As a general rule, we will not give your data to third parties without your permission. However, there are some important exceptions to this rule that are described in our privacy policy. We may, in our sole discretion, provide information about you to law enforcement or other government officials for purposes of fraud investigations, alleged intellectual property infringement, or any other suspected illegal activity or matters that may expose us to legal liability. Although we do not disclose individually identifiable information, we may disclose aggregate data about our website's visitors to advertisers or other third parties for marketing and promotional purposes. From time to time, we may use third-party suppliers to provide services on our website. If a supplier wants to collect information about you, you will be notified. However, you will never be required to give information to a third party supplier. We restrict the way third party suppliers can use your information. They are not allowed to sell or give your information to others. Purchasers may be given usage analytics of site usage by their users.
THE TYPE OF COOKIES WE USE
Our site uses Strictly Necessary, Performance, Functionality and Targeting/Advertising cookies. We do not sell advertising or allow third-party marketing on our website. We do track anonymous clicks on click, links, and shares on, from, and to our website. All of our cookies are anonymous unless you are logged in to access content.
COMMENTS
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
MEDIA
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
CONTACT FORMS
When you submit a contact form to Weber Business Services, LLC all data is transferred to our contact management system, Infusionsoft. Infusionsoft’s legal documents and privacy policy can be found at https://www.infusionsoft.com/. We will respond to all viable contact submissions that we receive and will not send you any marketing unless requested by you.
COMMENTS & LOGINS
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to save your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select "Remember Me", your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
We use anonymous cookies to prevent users from seeing the same popup repetitively in an attempt to make our users experience more pleasant while still delivering time-sensitive messaging.
EMBEDDED CONTENT FROM OTHER WEBSITES
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
ANALYTICS
Business analytics involves the analysis of data to understand trends and insights about how individuals use our websites and services. Aggregated data means data that is combined so that you are no longer identifiable. We use analytics and aggregated data to improve our business.
We also use business analytics to help us to better understand the functionality of our websites. The information gathered includes how often you use our Services, which features you use or don’t use, aggregated usage, and performance data.
Weber Business Services, LLC also anonymizes personal information and technical data in a manner that can no longer identify you individually. We use aggregate data to help us understand how customers, viewers and other individuals use and interact with our websites and services, to improve our products, services and brands, generate reports and create marketing materials.
THIRD PARTY COOKIES
Some of the third party website plugins we collect data. Including:
Popup Maker anonymously tracks popup views and conversions.
We collect information about visitors who comment on Sites that use our Akismet anti-spam service. The information we collect depends on how the User sets up Akismet for the Site, but typically includes the commenter's IP address, user agent, referrer, and Site URL (along with other information directly provided by the commenter such as their name, username, email address, and the comment itself).
We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about the use of this site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use (as amended for government websites) and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser.
This policy was last updated on 5-8-2018.
Connect with Liz:
Home
How We Can Help
Speaking & Training
Success Stories
Blog
Store
About Us
About Liz Weber
Leadership Quiz
eZine
Meeting Planners
Liz's Bios & Pics
News & Media
5 Stages Leadership™
Do You Want to Speak?
Contact Us
Join Our eZine!
Subscribe to get your FREE leadership articles.
No Spam. We Promise!
Subscribe!
Weber Business Services, LLC | 41 South Antrim Way | Greencastle, PA 17225-1519 USA | Info(at)WBSLLC.com | Phone: +1 (717) 597-8890
Copyright © 2020 Weber Business Services, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Legal Information. Sitemap.
Notice:
This website or its third-party tools use cookies, which are necessary to its functioning and required to achieve the purposes illustrated in the cookie policy. If you want to know more, please refer to the cookie policy. By closing this banner, scrolling this page, clicking a link or continuing to browse otherwise, you agree to the use of cookies. Find out more.Okay, thanks