http://www.stellate.com/careers/job-applicant-privacy-notice
Job Applicant Privacy Notice | Natus
Skip to main content
Google Tag Manager
Support
Partner Login
Contact Us
Search
Search
Search
Menu
Products & Services
Neuro
Neurodiagnostics
Neurodiagnostic Supplies
Natus Medical Store (USA only)
Neurocritical Care
Neurosurgery (USA only)
Natus Neuro Academy
Newborn Care
Hearing Screening
Hearing Diagnostics
Jaundice Management
Live Video Streaming
Neonatal Eye Imaging
Newborn Brain Injury
Nursery Essentials
Tracking & Follow up
Medical/Surgical
Hearing & Balance
Hearing Assessment
Fitting Systems
Balance Assessment
Screening
About Us
Careers
Investors
Company Information
Corporate Governance
Financial Information
News / Events
Overview
SEC Filings
Stock Data
Education
Support
Partner Login
Contact Us
Search
Search
Job Applicant Privacy Notice
Job Applicant Privacy Notice (compliant with GDPR)
As part of any recruitment process, Natus Medical Incorporated (Natus) collects and processes personal data relating to job applicants so as to assess their fit for an open position. Our organization is committed to being transparent about how we collect and use that data as well as meeting the data protection obligations set forth under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) effective the 25th of May, 2018.
What information do we collect?
Natus collects a range of information about you. This includes but is not limited to:
Your name, address and contact details, including email address and telephone number
Details of your qualifications, skills, experience and employment history
Information about your current and desired levels of remuneration
Other relevant information related to a specific job opening
Natus may collect this information in a variety of ways. For example, data might be contained in application forms, CVs or resumes, obtained from your passport or other identity documents, or collected through interviews or other forms of assessment.
We may also collect personal data about you from third parties, such as references supplied by former employers. We will seek information from third parties only once a job offer to you has been made and will inform you that we are doing so.
Data will be stored in a range of different places, including on your application record, in HR management systems and on other IT systems (including email).
Why does Natus process personal data?
We need to process data to take steps at your request to assess appropriate fit for a position prior to entering into a contract with you. We may also need to process your data to enter into a contract with you. In some cases, we need to process data to ensure that we are complying with our legal obligations.
Natus has a legitimate interest in processing personal data during the recruitment process and for keeping records of the process. Processing data from job applicants allows us to manage the recruitment process, assess and confirm a candidate's suitability for employment and decide to whom to offer a job. We may also need to process data from job applicants to respond to and defend against legal claims.
Natus may process special categories of data, such as information about ethnic origin, sexual orientation or religion or belief, to monitor recruitment statistics. We may also collect information about whether or not applicants are disabled to make reasonable adjustments for candidates who have a disability. We process such information to carry out our obligations and exercise specific rights in relation to employment.
If your application is unsuccessful, Natus may keep your personal data on file in case there are future employment opportunities for which you may be suited. We will ask for your consent before we keep your data for this purpose and you are free to withdraw your consent at any time.
Who has access to data?
Your information may be shared internally for the purposes of the recruitment exercise. This includes members of the HR and recruitment team, interviewers involved in the recruitment process, managers in the business area with a vacancy and IT staff if access to the data is necessary for the performance of their roles.
We will not share your data with third parties, unless your application for employment is successful and we make you an offer of employment. We will then share your data with third parties to obtain references and any employment background checks needed for your employment.
How does Natus protect data?
We take the security of your data seriously. We have internal policies and controls in place to ensure that your data is not lost, accidentally destroyed, misused or disclosed, and is not accessed except by our employees in the proper performance of their duties.
How long does Natus keep data?
If your application for employment is unsuccessful, Natus will hold your data on file for 6 (six) months after the end of the relevant recruitment process. At the end of that period, or once you withdraw your consent, your data is deleted or destroyed. You will be asked when you submit your application whether you give us consent to hold your details in order to be considered for other positions or not.
If your application for employment is successful, personal data gathered during the recruitment process will be transferred to your Human Resources file (electronic and paper based) and retained during your employment.
Your rights.
As a data subject, you have a number of rights. You can:
Access and obtain a copy of your data on request;
Require Natus to change incorrect or incomplete data;
Require Natus to delete or stop processing your data, for example where the data is no longer necessary for the purposes of processing; and
Object to the processing of your data where Natus is relying on its legitimate interests as the legal ground for processing.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights or have any questions, please contact our Human Resources Department at HR.Europe@natus.com
If you believe that Natus has not complied with your data protection rights, you can complain to the Information Commissioner.
×
This product is not sold in the %region_name% region that was selected.
For more information, please
contact us
Back to top
Company Profile
Careers
Leadership
Products & Services
Neuro
Newborn Care
Hearing & Balance
Contact Us
Natus Locations
Worldwide Distributors
Investor Relations
English (Global)
Stay Connected
Linkedin
©2020 Natus Medical Incorporated. All Rights Reserved.
Linkedin
Privacy Policy
Legal Notice
AODA
Job Applicant Privacy Notice
Terms & Conditions
Sitemap
WEEE Statement
×