http://www.castings.plc.uk/site-essentials/privacy-policy/
Home
Company
View Company's child pages
Back
company
About Us
Strategy
Business Model
Facilities
View Facilities's child pages
Back
facilities
Casting Facilities
Machining Facilities
Technical Assistance
View Technical Assistance's child pages
Back
technical-assistance
Casting Tolerances
Pattern Draft
Casting Development
View Casting Development's child pages
Back
casting-development
Casting Design Assistance
Prototyping
Simulation
Topological Optimisation
3D Light Scanning
Materials
View Materials's child pages
Back
materials
Spheroidal Graphite Iron
Ductile SiMo Iron
Ni-Resist Iron
Austempered Ductile Iron
Grey Iron
Other Services
View Other Services's child pages
Back
other-services
Heat Treatment and Austempering
Surface Treatment
Assembly
Insulation
Warehousing
Investors
View Investors's child pages
Back
investors
Share price chart
Reports and Accounts
Financial Calendar
Regulatory news announcements (RNS Feed)
Shareholder Information
View Shareholder Information's child pages
Back
shareholder-information
Substantial Shareholders
Advisers
Annual General Meeting
Corporate Governance
View Corporate Governance's child pages
Back
corporate-governance
Compliance Statement
Board of Directors
Board Committees
Corporate Responsibility
View Corporate Responsibility's child pages
Back
corporate-responsibility
Gender Pay Gap Reporting
Modern Slavery Act
GDPR
Other Policy Documents
Contact Us
Privacy policy
Home
Site essentials
Privacy policy
Introduction
Castings P.L.C. ("Castings") is an established iron casting and machining group comprised of three autonomous UK manufacturing businesses.
In doing so, we observe UK data protection legislation, and are committed to protecting and respecting customers’ privacy and rights. Specifically, we act as “Data Controller” in respect of the information gathered and processed by this website.
In order that you are reliably informed about how we operate, we have developed this Privacy Statement. Together with any additional Privacy Notices which you may see as you navigate around this website, this Privacy Statement describes the ways in which we collect, manage, process, store and share information (eg your IP address) as a result of you visiting this site. This Privacy Statement also provides you with information about how you can have control over our use of your data.
If you have any comments or queries regarding our use of your data, please contact our Data Protection Officer by post at:
Data Protection Officer, Castings P.L.C., Lichfield Road, Brownhills, West Midlands. WS8 6JZ.
What information do we collect about you?
When you visit this website, cookies are used to collect information about you such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address which connects your computer or mobile device to the internet, and information about your visit such as the pages you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors etc. We do this so that we can measure our website’s performance and make improvements in the future.
Cookies are also used to enhance this website’s functionality and personalisation. You can control this by adjusting your cookies settings as described in section 4 of our Cookies Policy.
This website does not collect any other information about you either directly or indirectly.
How will we use that information?
We use the information that we collect in order to ensure that this website is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer or mobile device. Thus, this information allows us to update and improve the contents of our site, and ensure the smooth operation of internal processes, such as troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes, and to keep our website as safe and secure as possible.
We have deemed it a Legitimate Interest to process your information for this purpose, as the data - which is anonymous - is used only to ensure that visitors to this site have the best possible online experience.
How long will we keep your data?
As already referenced, the only data that we collect about you via this website, is information gathered by cookies. The amount of time that this information is held is described in section 3 of our Cookies Policy.
With whom do we share your data?
This website is administered on behalf of Castings, and solely for the purposes described in section 3 of this Privacy Statement, by Jones and Palmer Limited, 87-95 Carver Street, Birmingham B1 3AR. The information that they collect is not used for any purpose other than to maintain this website to the highest possible standard and is not stored outside the European Economic Area (‘EEA’).
Your rights
Under the terms of data protection legislation, you have the following rights as a result of visiting this website:
Right to be informed
This Privacy Statement, together with our Cookies Policy, fulfils our obligation to tell you about the ways in which we use your information as a result of you visiting this website.
Right to access
You have the right to ask us, in writing, for a copy of any personal data that Castings holds about you. This site does not collect data about you other than your IP address as previously described.
This is known as a “Subject Access Request”. Except in exceptional circumstances (which we would discuss and agree with you in advance), you can obtain this information at no cost. We will send you a copy of the information within 30 days of your request.
To make a Subject Access Request, please write to our Data Protection Officer.
Right to rectification
If any of the information that Castings holds about you is inaccurate, please contact our Data Protection Officer by post. Any corrections will be made as soon as possible, and certainly no later than 30 days following the notification of inaccuracy.
Right to be forgotten
From 25 May 2018, you can ask that we erase all personal information that we hold about you. Where it is appropriate that we comply, your request will be fully actioned within 30 days.
Right to object
You can object to Castings using your data for the purposes outlined in section 3 of this Privacy Statement, by updating your cookies settings. For further information, please refer to section 4 of our Cookies Policy.
Right to restrict processing
If you wish us to restrict the use of your data because
you think it is inaccurate but this will take time to validate,
you believe our data processing is unlawful but do not want your data erased,
you want us to retain your data in order to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim, or
you wish to object to the processing of your data, but we have yet to determine whether this is appropriate, please contact our Data Protection Officer.
Right to data portability
This right, which allows you to move, copy or transfer your data from one organisation to another, is not relevant to the information collected by this website.
Rights related to automated decision-making
We do not use automated decision-making processes in relation to any information collected via this website.
Data privacy and security
At Castings data protection is a key consideration for all new and existing IT systems that hold personal data.
Castings do not hold customer personal data, except for your IP address, as a result of using this website.
Where any concerns, risks or issues are identified, we conduct relevant impact assessments in order to determine any actions that are necessary to ensure optimum privacy.
Location tracking via our website
Castings do not use location tracking on this website.
Disclaimers
Every effort is made to ensure that the information provided on this website, and in this Privacy Statement, is accurate and up to date, but no legal responsibility is accepted for any errors or omissions contained herein.
We cannot accept liability for the use made by you of the information on this website or in this Privacy Statement, nor do we warrant that the supply of the information will be uninterrupted. All material accessed or downloaded from this website is obtained at your own risk. It is your responsibility to use appropriate anti-virus software.
This Privacy Statement applies solely to the data collected by us, and therefore does not also apply to data collected by third party websites and services that are not under our control. Furthermore, we cannot be held responsible for the Privacy Statements on third party websites, and we advise users to read these carefully before registering any personal data.
Accessibility
We are committed to providing a website in which content is accessible to everyone. We therefore update our website regularly in order to make it as adaptable as possible.
General
Questions and comments regarding this Privacy Statement are welcomed and should be sent to our Data Protection Officer by post.
You can also contact our Data Protection Officer if you have any concerns or complaints about the ways in which your personal data has been handled as a result of you using this website.
Alternatively, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office who may be contacted at Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow SK9 5AF or https://ico.org.uk.