https://www.novacast.co.uk/privacy-policy/
NovaCast Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy
Novacast
+44 (0)1225 707466
Request a quote
Toggle navigation
home
About
Company
UK Foundry
Outsourcing
3D Modelling
Casting Simulation Software
3D Printing of Prototype Moulds
FAQ
Glossary of Terms
News
Careers
Services
Casting
– Sand Casting
– Gravity Die Casting
– Investment Casting
– Lost Foam Casting
– Shell Mould Casting
– Pressure Die Casting
Precision Machining
Finishing
Stock Holding
Markets
Offshore
Rail Industry
Valve Components
Pump Components
Agricultural Machinery
Architectural
General Engineering
Quality
Quality Policy
Quality Assurance Processes
Testing Options
ISO 9001 Certificate
Resources
NovaCast Brochure
Components Gallery
Facilities Gallery
Data Sheets
Case Studies
Guides & Tips
Technical
Metal Specifications
Casting Capacities
– Aluminium Alloy LM6M
– Aluminium Alloy LM25M
– Aluminium Alloy LM25TF
– Aluminium Bronze AB1
– Aluminium Bronze AB2
– Phosphor Bronze PB1
– Phosphor Bronze PB2
– High Tensile Brass HTB1
– Leaded Gunmetal LG2
– Leaded Gunmetal LG4
– Carbon Steel SA216 WCB
– Carbon Steel SA216 WCC
– Carbon Steel SA352 LCC
– Carbon Steel EN10213
– Carbon Steel EN10293
– Stainless Steel CF8
– Stainless Steel CF3
– Stainless Steel CF8M
– Stainless Steel CF3M
– Stainless Steel 332C13
– Grey Iron EN-GJL-200
– Grey Iron EN-GJL-250
– SG Cast Iron 420/12
– SG Cast Iron 600/3
Contact
Privacy Policy
Home » Privacy Policy
NovaCast Privacy policy
1. Introduction
1.1    We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of NovaCast website visitors and service users.
1.2    The NovaCast Privacy Policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website visitors and service users; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
1.3    We use cookies on our website. Insofar as those cookies are not strictly necessary for the provision of our website and services, we will ask you to consent to our use of cookies when you first visit our website.
1.5    In this policy, “we”, “us” and “our” refer to NovaCast Limited. For more information about us, see Section 13.
2. How we use your personal data
2.1    In this Section 2 we have set out:
(a)    the general categories of personal data that we may process;
(b)    the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
(c)    the legal bases of the processing.
2.2    We may process data about your use of our website and services (“usage data“). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is the Google Analytics tracking system. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services.
2.3    We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding goods and/or services (“enquiry data“). The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
2.4    We may process information relating to our customer relationships, including customer contact information (“customer relationship data“). The customer relationship data may include your name, your employer, your job title or role, your contact details, and information contained in communications between us and you or your employer. The source of the customer relationship data is you or your employer. The customer relationship data may be processed for the purposes of managing our relationships with customers, communicating with customers, keeping records of those communications and promoting our products and services to customers. The legal basis for this processing is consent OR our legitimate interests, namely the proper management of our customer relationships.
2.5    We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter into with us and/or through our website (“transaction data“). The transaction data may include your contact details, your card details and the transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract and our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
2.6    We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters (“notification data“). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is consent OR the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract OR our legitimate interests
2.7    We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us (“correspondence data“). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and communications with users.
2.8    We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
2.9    We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.
2.10  In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 2, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
2.11  Please do not supply any other person’s personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.
3. Providing your personal data to others
3.1    We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
3.2    We may disclose your name, your employer, your job title or role, or your contact details to our suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the fulfilment of contracts between us.
3.3    Financial transactions relating to our products or services may be handled by our payment services providers. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds.
3.4    In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 3, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
4. International transfers of your personal data
4.1    In this Section 4, we provide information about the circumstances in which your personal data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
4.2    You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through our website or services may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.
5. Retaining and deleting personal data
5.1    This Section 5 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
5.2    Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
5.3    Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 5, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
6. Amendments
6.1    We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
6.2    You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
6.3    We may notify you of significant changes to this policy by email.
7. Your rights
7.1    In this Section 7, we have summarised the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
7.2    Your principal rights under data protection law are:
(a)    the right to access;
(b)    the right to rectification;
(c)    the right to erasure;
(d)    the right to restrict processing;
(e)    the right to object to processing;
(f)    the right to data portability;
(g)    the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
(h)    the right to withdraw consent.
7.3    You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee.
7.4    You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
7.5    In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
7.6    In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
7.7    You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
7.8    You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.
7.9    You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
7.10  To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:
(a)    consent; or
(b)    that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract,
and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
7.11  If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
7.12  To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
7.13  You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us in addition to the other methods specified in this Section 7.
8. About cookies
8.1    A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
8.2    Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
8.3    Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
9. Cookies that we use
9.1    We use cookies for the following purposes:
(a) cookie consent – we use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally.
10. Cookies used by our service providers
10.1  Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
10.2  We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google’s privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
10.3  To determine your interests, Google will track your behaviour on our website and on other websites across the web using cookies. This behaviour tracking allows Google to tailor the advertisements that you see on other websites to reflect your interests (but we do not publish interest-based advertisements on our website). You can view, delete or add interest categories associated with your browser by visiting: https://adssettings.google.com. You can also opt out of the AdSense partner network cookie using those settings or using the Network Advertising Initiative’s multi-cookie opt-out mechanism at: http://optout.networkadvertising.org. However, these opt-out mechanisms themselves use cookies, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained. To ensure that an opt-out is maintained in respect of a particular browser, you may wish to consider using the Google browser plug-ins available at: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996.
11. Managing cookies
11.1  Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
(a)    https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome);
(b)    https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox);
(c)    http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera);
(d)    https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer);
(e)    https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari); and
(f)    https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).
11.2  Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
11.3  If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
12. Our details
12.1  This website is owned and operated by NovaCast Limited.
12.2  We are registered in England and Wales under registration number 1456622 and our registered office is at Unit 8, Lancaster Park, Bowerhill, Melksham, Wiltshire SN12 6TT England.
12.3  Our principal place of business is at Unit 8, Lancaster Park, Bowerhill, Melksham, Wiltshire SN12 6TT England.
12.4  You can contact us:
(a)    by post, to the postal address given above;
(b)    using our website contact form;
(c)    by telephone, on +44 (0) 1225 707466
(d)    by email, using sales@novacast.co.uk.
13. Credit
13.1  The NovaCast Privacy Policy was created using a template from SEQ Legal (https://seqlegal.com).
About
A single source solution for precision cast and machined components...
Find out more
Company
Where traditional craftsmenship combines with the latest technology...
Find out more
FAQ
Feel free to contact us with any specific questions you many have...
Find out more
Glossary of Terms
Unsure about some of the terminology used? See our Glossary of Terms...
Find out more
Privacy Policy
Information about the user details we collect and how we use it...
Find out more
PetroChem & Offshore
Rail & Transport
Valve Components
Pump Components
Agricultural
Architectural
General Engineering
The Use of Fluxes in Aluminium Casting
February 19, 2020
At NovaCast, a large proportion of our castings are produced using Aluminium alloy. The formation of Aluminium Oxide and the presence of non-metallic inclusions, collectively known as dross, is an inherent part of the casting process and one that must be managed to achieve the highest quality castings. For many years, part of the foundryman’s  … Read more
Impeller Casting Specialists
January 28, 2020
The accurate casting and balancing of impellers requires a specialist set of skills as well as a commitment to outstanding consistency and quality. For many years, NovaCast has cast and machined impellers and pump components for a wide variety of industries and applications ranging from centrifugal pumps used in the Oil & Gas, Chemical, Water  … Read more
Quality Assurance Technician Required
January 9, 2020
Following re-organisation and expansion of our engineering department, we have an immediate requirement for a Quality Assurance Technician to join the department. Reporting directly to our Design Engineer, the successful candidate will work closely with our design and engineering teams, as well as those of our customers and suppliers, to maintain the excellent quality standards  … Read more
NovaCast Limited
Unit 8, Lancaster Park
Bowerhill
Melksham
SN12 6TT
T: +44 (0)1225 707466
F: +44 01225 704241
sales@novacast.co.uk
Maps & directions
NovaCast
BSI No. 47472482
NovaCast is an FSB member
Certificate Number: 11468 ISO 9001
©
NovaCast Ltd 2020
News
Privacy Policy
NovaCast Website Terms and Conditions
Design & Content by Kudos BDL
We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our site. By continuing to use the site you agree to our use of cookies.
Privacy Preferences
I Agree
Privacy Preference Center
Options
Consent Management
Cookie Settings
Strictly NecessaryPerformanceAdvertising
Consent Management
We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our site. By continuing to use the site you agree to our use of cookies.
Privacy Policy
ON
OFF
You read and agreed to our Privacy Policy.
Strictly Necessary
These cookies are necessary for the site to function.
Cookies Used
ON
OFF
gdpr[allowed_cookies], gdpr[consent_types],
Performance
These cookies collect simple user information and allow us to improve the performance of this website.
Cookies Used
ON
OFF
_ga, _gat, _gid, p.gif
Advertising
These cookies are used to provide you with useful information based on recent browser data.
Cookies Used
ON
OFF
collect, NID
www.linkedin.com
Opt Out
bcookie, bscookie, JSESSIONID, lang, leo_auth_token, lidc, visit
www.facebook.com
Opt Out
_js_datr, _js_reg_fb_gate, _js_reg_fb_ref, fr, sb, wd
OK