http://www.oldgringoboots.com/pages/privacy-policy
New Arrivals
Fall Winter 2020
Men
Men
Old Gringo Men's
Benchmark State Boots
Women
Women
SHOP BY BRANDS
SHOP BY BRANDS
View All
Old Gringo
Yippee Ki Yay by Old Gringo
Double D Ranch by Old Gringo
SHOP BY TYPE
SHOP BY TYPE
View All
Boots
Tall Boots
Short Boots
Shoes/Mules
Relaxed Fit
SHOP BY STYLE
SHOP BY STYLE
View All
20th Anniversary Collection
Spring Summer 2020
Retro 2020
Florals
Studded
Classics
Wedding Boots
Americana
Sugar Skull
Black Boots
20th Anniversary Collection
Best Sellers
Best Sellers
Men
Women
Accessories
Accessories
Jackets
Boot Care
Boot Jacks
Face Mask
Coin Purses
Key Chains
E-Gift Cards
0
Home
Privacy Policy
This website ("website") is operated by Old Gringo Inc. This privacy policy only covers information collected at this website, and does not cover any information collected offline by Old Gringo. All Old Gringo websites are covered by this privacy policy.
We recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of all consumers ( "you" or "user") who visit the Old Gringo hosted or sponsored websites.We also believe it is important to inform you about how we will use your personal information and to give you choices about how this data will be used. For these reasons, we encourage you to read this carefully.
This Privacy Policy is directed and applicable to individuals who visit those portions of the Old Gringo website accessible at Old Gringo Inc. To help us achieve our goal of providing the highest quality products and services, we use information from our interactions with you and other customers, as well as from other parties.
This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by us via the Site and does not extend to any other website, including other Old Gringo country-specific pages or region-specific pages intended for non-U.S. users.
As we continue to develop the  website and take advantage of advances in technology to improve the services we offer, this privacy policy likely will change. We therefore encourage you to refer to this policy on an ongoing basis so that you understand our current privacy policy.
Data Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Personal information provided on the website and online credit card transactions are transmitted through a secure server. We are committed to handling your personal information with the highest standards of information security. We take appropriate physical, electronic, and administrative steps to maintain the security and accuracy of personally identifiable information we collect, including limiting the number of people who have physical access to our database servers, as well as employing electronic security systems and password protections that guard against unauthorized access.
Our website uses encryption technology, like Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), to protect your personal information during data transport. SSL encrypts ordering information such as your name, address, and credit card number. Our Customer Care center and stores also operate over a private, secure network. Please note that email is not encrypted and is not considered to be a secure means of transmitting credit card information.
The Information We Collect
We collect certain aggregate and non-personal information when you visit the Sites. This information does not relate to a single identifiable visitor. It tells us such things as how many users visited the Sites and the pages accessed. Collecting this information helps us tailor our Sites to our visitors.
Generally, you may browse the website without providing any personally identifiable information. However, we may ask you to provide personally identifiable information at various times and places on this website. In some cases, if you choose not to provide us with the requested information, you may not be able to access all parts of this website or participate in all of its features, pricing, and product selection.
When you visit the Sites to browse, read or download information, we automatically collect standard computer information that your browser sends to every website you visit, such as your IP address, browser type and language, access times and referring website addresses. We generally do not link standard computer information to anything that will allow us to identify users unless to enforce compliance with our rules or terms of service or to protect our service, sites, users or others.
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as zipcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
From your purchases and other interactions with us, we obtain information concerning the specific products or services you purchase or use. When you visit this website, our web server automatically collects anonymous information such as log data and IP addresses, and may collect general information concerning your location. We may use the automatically collected information for a number of purposes, such as improving our site design, product assortments, customer service, and special promotions.
How We Use The Information We Collect
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
Others With Whom We Share Your Information
Subject to the following paragraphs and the disclosures discussed in them, we will neither disclose nor sell any information about you to a party unaffiliated with us unless (i) required to do so by law or legal process; (ii) required to do so by law enforcement authorities or other government officials; (iii) we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm, financial loss or injury to, or interference with, our rights or property or the rights or property of our users or others, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity; (iv) we reasonably believe that you have used information from the Sites in order to commit unlawful acts or acts that may endanger the health and/or safety of the public; and/or (v) we believe the law in good faith requires such disclosure.
Service Providers: We also may disclose information to outside companies that help us bring you the products and services we offer. For example, we may work with an outside company to: (a) manage a database of customer information; (b) assist us in distributing emails; (c) assist us with direct marketing and data collection; (d) provide us storage and analysis; (d) provide fraud prevention; and (e) provide other services designed to assist us in maximizing our business potential. We require that these outside companies agree to keep confidential all information we share with them and to use the information only to perform their obligations in our agreements with them.
Compliance with Law: We may provide access to information when legally required to do so, to cooperate with police investigations or other legal proceedings, to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website, to limit our legal liability, and to protect our rights or to protect the rights, property, or safety of visitors of this website or the public.
We partner with Digital Media Agencies to place our advertising on the Internet. These advertising companies collect anonymous information about your visits to our web site. This technology involves the use of third party cookies that allow them to develop personalized advertising so that it directly relates to offers that may be of interest to you. You may choose to opt-out of this service we have with our third-party advertising partner. We may also use cookies to provide similar enhanced online marketing to you based on your interests and preferences. You may also choose to opt out of these enhanced online marketing ads anytime by disabling cookies in your browser.
Your Choices Regarding Use Of The Information We Collect
You have several choices regarding our handling of your nonpublic personally identifiable information.
Direct Mail : We use your information collected once you have placed an order with us online, to send you direct mails as part of our marketing campaigns. If you shop at our website and wish to be removed from the list of customers that receive direct mail, please contact customer service to opt out of it.
Email Newsletter : We use your email address from your online orders to send you catered emails, as part of our online marketing campaign. You can opt out of this anytime by unsubscribing to the newsletter.
Because customer lists often are prepared well in advance of an offering (sometimes a few months before the offer is made), you may continue to receive some offers after you send us a request not to use your information for specified marketing purposes. We appreciate your patience and understanding in giving us time to carry out your request.
Cookies, Web Beacons, and How We Use Them
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. However, this may prevent you from taking full advantage of our website.
A "web beacon" or "pixel tag" or "clear gif" is typically a one-pixel image, used to pass information from your computer or mobile device to a website.
We use cookies and web beacons to keep track of what you have in your shopping cart and to remember you when you return to the website as well as to identify the pages you click on during your visit to our site and the name of the website you visited immediately before clicking to the Old Gringo website. We use this information to improve our site design, product assortments, customer service, and special promotions. You can, of course, disable cookies and web beacons on your computer by indicating this in the preferences or options menus in your browser. However, it is possible that some parts of our website will not operate correctly if you disable cookies. We may also use web beacons, and other technologies, to help track whether our communications are reaching you, to measure their effectiveness, or to collect certain non-personal information about your computer, device, or browser in order to allow us to better design future communications to you.
To learn more about cookies and how to enable or disable them for your specific browser CLICK HERE
Online Account Registration
To make online shopping faster and easier, you may register on our website. As a registered customer, you only have to enter your shipping addresses and billing information once; they will be securely stored with us for your future use. Using your name and a password of your choice, you may access your account online at any time to add, delete, or change information. If you are using a public device, we strongly encourage you to Sign Out when you finish shopping. Your information will still be stored with us but it will not be accessible to anyone else from that computer.
Your California Privacy Rights
Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal customer information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties or corporate affiliates' direct marketing purposes. That notice will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the third parties and affiliates with which it was shared, along with their names and addresses. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: Old Gringo Customer Care, 2275 Michael Faraday Dr, Ste 3, San Diego, CA 92154. Please allow 30 days for a response.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify, alter or otherwise update this policy at any time and you agree to be bound by such modifications, alterations or updates. We will notify you of material changes to this Privacy Policy by posting the revised policy with the date it was revised on this page and if you have registered with us, we may notify you by email to your email address of record. Your continued use (including access, browsing and/or use of any interactive feature) of our Sites constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any updates. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed about how we are protecting the Personal Information we collect.
Acceptance
By using this website, you accept the policies set forth in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this privacy policy, please refrain from using this website ("Our Website"). You can always contact us via other communication methods.
Have Questions?
If you have questions regarding shipping please email us at or call us at: +1-866-395-8735
Close
Customer Login:
Close
Shopping Cart:
Your cart is currently empty.
Continue Shopping
Total:
$0.00
Check Out
View Cart
Size Chart
You have successfully subscribed!
We are here to help!
Mon - Fri 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM PST
Quick Links
Track My Order
Start a Return
Shipping Terms
Returns & Exchanges
Call Us
+1 866 - 395 - 8735
Email Us
Click here to send us an email
Chat With Us
UTM Builder
360 x 360px
Join Our Mailing List
Sign Up for exclusive updates,
new arrivals & insider-only discounts
No, thanks
x