https://www.frostyboy.com/social-media-policy/
HomeSocial Media Policy
FROSTY BOY’S SOCIAL MEDIA POLICY & RULES OF ENGAGEMENT
This policy and rules of engagement (“Rules”) apply to Frosty Boy’ (“we”, “us” or “our”) social media channels, including but not limited to, our Facebook pages, Instagram accounts, Twitter accounts, Pinterest accounts and YouTube channel. These rules of engagement are separate and additional to the social media channels own terms and conditions, rules and policies, which also apply when dealing with the particular social media channel.
We use particular social media channels to interact with individuals and entities to advise on our initiatives, services, products, and partners. We respect friendly interaction with others through our social media channels, and welcome constructive feedback, commentary, and questions.
We expect individuals only to post commentary which is relevant, accurate, respectful and in accordance with these Rules. We reserve the right to moderate content and remove any content that does not comply with these Rules. We may also block anyone, interacting with our social media channels, who infringe these Rules.
We want our social media channels to be respectful and friendly. We will not accept and you must not provide posts or content that is obscene, vulgar, sexually explicit, hateful, derogatory, offensive, abusive, threatening, illegal, inaccurate, defamatory, libellous, an invasion of privacy, contains viruses, trolling or disruptive of discussions, violates intellectual property rights or other third party rights, spam, solicitation, link baiting or otherwise objectionable. We reserve the right in our sole discretion to determine whether content is appropriate. If you have any complaints regarding content please email us at info@frostyboy.com.au.
We cannot always provide product advice or resolve issues via our social media channels, and we will not be able to comment on regulatory or legally sensitive issues.
We may not be able to respond to all comments or questions. If you need to contact us, the best way is via info@frostyboy.com. Constructive criticism may be responded to and resolved in non-public forums. If you have any problems or issues with us please contact us by the Contact us tab on our website www.frostyboy.com.
We recommend that you keep personal or sensitive information private, including financial details, addresses, and phone numbers.
You acknowledge that content posted via our social media channels does not necessarily reflect the opinion of us, nor do we confirm its accuracy.
You grant us the right to use any content posted by you in any media or manner without restriction or monetary compensation or legal obligation to the author.
If you believe that any content posted on any of our social media channels infringes your intellectual property rights, please notify us at info@frostyboy.com providing the nature of your claim.
These Rules may be updated. So we recommend that you check these regularly. Last updated 31/8/2020.
Have another question?
Contact Us
Phone: +61 7 3806 2888
1 Dixon Street,
Yatala QLD 4207, Australia
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTManage consent
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.