http://www.usfederalcu.org/about/privacy.php
Skip to main content
Online Banking
Username
Password
Bill Pay Demo | Reset PasswordeStatement Login
Visa ezCard Info
Routing #: 271990871
Privacy Policy
Ask Us A Question
U S #1364 Federal Credit Union, your member owned financial institution, is committed to providing you with competitive products and services to meet your financial needs and help you reach your goals. We are equally committed to protecting the privacy
of our members. Under federal law, we are required to give you this privacy notice. It describes our credit union's privacy policy and practices concerning the personal information we collect and disclose about our members. It also includes information
about the parties who receive personal and sometimes nonpublic information from us as we conduct the business of the credit union.If after reading this notice you have questions, please contact us at 219-769-1700 or write to:Supervisory CommitteeU S #1364 Federal Credit Union8400 BroadwayMerrillville, IN 46410
Information We Collect About YouWe collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources:Information we receive from you on applications and other formsInformation about your transactions with usInformation we receive from a consumer reporting agencyInformation obtained when verifying the information you provide on an application or other forms: this may be obtained from your current or past employers or from other institutions where you conduct financial transactionsWe may disclose all of the information we collect, as described, as permitted by law.
Parties Who Receive Information From UsWe may disclose nonpublic personal information about you to the following types of third parties:Financial service providers, such as insurance companies and contracted underwriters.Non-financial companies, such as consumer reporting agencies, data processors, check/share draft printers, financial statement publishers/printers, plastic card processors and government agencies.
Disclosure of Information to Parties That Provide Services to Us
In order for us to conduct the business of the credit union, we may disclose all the information we collect, as described above, to nonaffiliated third parties for the purposes of processing and servicing transactions that you request or authorize.
We may also disclose nonpublic personal information about you under circumstances as permitted or required by law. These disclosures typically include information to process transactions on your behalf, conduct operations of our credit union, follow your instructions as you authorize, or to protect the security of our financial records.
To protect our members' privacy, we only work with companies that agree to maintain strong confidentiality protections and limit the use of information we provide. We do not permit these companies to sell the information we provide to other third parties.
Disclosure of Information About Former Members
If you terminate your membership with U S #1364 Federal Credit Union, we will not share information we have collected about you, except as may be permitted or required by law
How We Protect Your Information
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic, or procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your nonpublic personal information.
What Members Can Do to HelpU S #1364 Federal Credit Union is committed to protecting the privacy of its members. Members can help by following these simple guidelines:Protect your account numbers, plastic card numbers, PINs (personal identification numbers) or passwords. Never keep your PIN with your card, which can provide free access to your accounts if your card is lost or stolen.Use caution when disclosing your account numbers, social security numbers, etc. to other persons. If someone calls you explaining the call is on behalf of the credit union and asks for your account number, you should beware. Official credit union staff will have access to your information and will not need to ask for it.Keep your information with us current. If your address or phone number changes, please let us know. It is important that we have current information on how to reach you. If we detect potentially fraudulent or unauthorized activity or use of an account, we will attempt to contact you immediately.Let us know if you have questions. Please do not hesitate to call us -- we are here to serve you!
Truth-In-Savings Disclosure
The rates, fees and terms applicable to your account at the Credit Union are provided in this Truth-In-Savings Disclosure. The Credit Union may offer other rates for these accounts from time to time.
Last Dividend Declaration Date: 12/17/2010
Rates Schedule – Savings and Share Draft Accounts
Account TypeDividendsBalance RequirementsAccount Limitations Dividend Rate/Annual Percentage Yield (APY)Dividends Compounded Dividends CreditedDividend PeriodMinimum Opening DepositMinimum Balance to Avoid a Service FeeMinimum Balance to Earn the Stated APYBalance Method to Calculate Dividends See Paragraph 6Regular Share$25,000.00 to below$25,000.01 to $50,000.00$50,000.01 to $75,000.00$75,000.01 to greater-MonthlyMonthlyMonthly(Calendar)$5.00$50.00-Average Daily balance-Christmas Club-MonthlyMonthlyMonthly(Calendar)$5.00--Average Daily balance-Share Draft-MonthlyMonthlyMonthly(Calendar)---Average Daily balance-
Account Disclosures
Except as specifically described, the following disclosures apply to all of the accounts. All accounts described in the Truth-in-Savings Disclosure are share accounts.
RATE INFORMATION – The annual percentage yield is a percentage rate that reflects the total amount of dividends to be paid on an account based on the dividend rate and frequency of compounding for an annual period. For Regular Share, Christmas Club, and Share Draft accounts, the dividend rate and annual percentage yield may change at any time as determined by the Credit Union Board of Directors. The dividend rates and annual percentage yields are the rates and yields as of the last dividend declaration date which is set forth in the Rate Schedule. The Regular Share account is a tiered rate account. If your account balance is $25,000.00 or below, the first dividend rate and annual percentage yield listed for this account in the Rate Schedule will apply. If your account balance is between $25,000.01 and $50,000.00 the second dividend rate and annual percentage yield listed for this account will apply. If your account balance is between $50.000.01 and $75,000.00, the third dividend rate and annual percentage yield listed for this account will apply. If your account balance is greater than $75,000.00, the fourth dividend rate and annual percentage yield listed for this account will apply. Once a particular balance range is met, the dividend rate and annual percentage yield for that balance range will apply to the full balance of your account. The Share Draft and Christmas Club accounts are single rate accounts.
NATURE OF DIVIDENDS – Dividends are paid from current income and available earnings after required transfers to reserves at the end of the dividend period.
DIVIDEND COMPOUNDING AND CREDITING – The compounding and crediting of dividends and the dividend period applicable to each account are set forth in the Rate Schedule. The dividend period is the period of time at the end of which an account earns dividend credit. The dividend period begins on the first calendar day of the period and end on the last calendar day of the period.
ACCRUAL OF DIVIDENDS – For Regular Share, Christmas Club, and Share Draft accounts, dividends will begin to accrue on noncash deposits (e.g. checks) on the business day you make the deposit to your account. For Regular Share, Christmas Club, and Share Draft accounts, if you close your account before accrued dividends are credited, accrued dividends will not be paid.
BALANCE INFORMATION – To open any account, you much deposit or already have on deposit at least the par value of one (1) full share in any account. The par value amount is stated in the Fee Schedule. Some accounts may have additional minimum opening deposit requirements. The minimum balance requirements applicable to each account are set forth in the Rate Schedule. For Regular Share accounts, there is a minimum balance required to avoid a service fee for the dividend period. If the minimum balance is not met, there will be a service fee as set forth on the fee schedule. For all accounts using an average daily balance method, dividends are calculated by applying a periodic rate to the average daily balance in the account for the period. The average daily balance is determined by adding the full amount of principal in the account for each day of the period and dividing that figure by the number of days in the period.
ACCOUNT LIMITATIONS – The Christmas Club account is an account which pays out the balance once each year. The entire balance will be transferred to your Regular Share account during November and the account will remain open. For Regular Share and Share Draft accounts, no account limitations apply.
FEES FOR OVERDRAWING ACCOUNTS – Fees may be imposed on each check, draft, item, ATM card withdrawal, debit card point of purchase, preauthorized automatic debit, telephone initiated withdrawal or any other electronic withdrawal or transfer transaction that is drawn on an insufficient available account balance. The entire balance in your account may not be available for withdrawal, transfer or paying a check, draft or item. You may consult the Funds Availability Policy Disclosure for information regarding the availability of funds in your account. Fees for overdrawing your account may be imposed for each overdraft, regardless of whether we pay or return the draft, item or transaction. If we have approved an overdraft protection limit for your account, such fees may reduce your approved limit. Please refer to the Fee Schedule for current fee information.
Fee Schedule
Savings Account Fees
Service
Fee
Regular Share Account Service
$7.50/Month if the minimum balance is not maintained ($50.00)
Share Draft Account Fees
Service
Fee
Overdraft Transfer
$20.00/Item
NSF
$32.00/Item
Returned Item
$32.00/Item
Stop Payment
$32.00/Request
Share Draft Printing
Prices may vary depending upon style
Courtesy Pay
$32.00/Item
Other Service Fees (Applicable to all accounts)
Service
Fee
Deposited Item Return
$32.00/Item
Items Sent for Collection
$32.00/Item
Stop Payment on Cashier-Check
$32.00/Item
Money Order
$1.00/Money Order
Travelers Check
$1.00/$100.00
Electronic Funds Transfer Fees
Service
Fee
ATM/Debit Card Transfer
$1.50 for each transfer at
ATM’s not owned by the
Credit Union
ATM/Debit Card Withdrawal
$2.00 for each withdrawal at
ATM’s not owned by the
Credit Union
ATM/Debit Card Inquiry
$1.00 for each inquiry at
ATM’s not owned by the
Credit Union
Card Replacement
$10.00/Card
Search for Something
Search
When autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select.
Apply for a Loan
Open a Free Checking Account
Download our Mobile App
Join U S Federal Credit Union today