http://www.littlekidsinc.com/terms
terms
Phone Number: 800-545-5437
Subscribe
Register
Contact Us
Home
Products
Fubbles Bubbles®
Fubbles® No-Spill®
Fubbles® Bubbles on the go™
LKI Easter
Bearwear™
Peeps®
Peppa Pig™
PJ Masks ™
Jelly Belly®
Paw Patrol ™
Nickelodeon ™
Nickelodeon SLIME™
Junk Ball®
Sesame Street®
Sunny Day ™
Rise of the TMNT™
Shimmer & Shine ™
Ryans World™
About Us
FAQs
How To
Contact
Contact Us
Cart 0
Terms & Conditions
What information is collected, and why?
By submitting your online order, you have indicated your acceptance to be bound by the Terms. Acceptance by LKI of any order is expressly limited to the Terms.
Any different or additional terms and conditions are hereby rejected by LKI and shall not be incorporated.
The Terms may be changed at any time by LKI, without prior notice. We suggest bookmarking this page for future reference.
Account Information & Access
You are responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your account, user name, and all passwords, and you agree to be responsible for all activities that occur under your account or password.
You agree not to violate or attempt to violate the security of this Website, including without limitation, by accessing data that is not intended for your use; logging on to a server or account that you are not authorized to access; probing, scanning or testing the vulnerability of any system or network related in any way to this Website; breaching security or authentication measures; interfering with service to any host, network, other user, including without limitation, sending unsolicited email, flooding, spamming, mailbombing, or crashing; sending promotions and/or advertising products and/or services. You agree not to use a false email address, or otherwise attempt to mislead LKI or any other person about the origin of any transmission.
Ordering Process
On-line order transactions are processed upon receipt. Should a credit card transaction be declined by LKI’s card processor or the issuing bank, LKI shall notify you and hold your order. By entering your credit card information you agree that LKI may present offers for additional products or services to you. If you accept offers for any additional products or services, your original order may be modified and your credit card charged for the total amount of products or services accepted by you during the sale process. A confirmation page with the complete order (including additional offers) will be displayed. Hitting the “Back” button of your browser during the ordering process may reset your order to the initial offer presented on the Website.
Trademarks & Copyright
The appearance, design, content and graphics of this Website are the property of LKI and are protected by applicable laws and may not be copied, used, reproduced, altered, distributed, or transmitted in whole or in part without the express written consent of LKI which reserves all rights. Re-use of any of the content or graphics in any medium, electronic or otherwise, for any purpose is strictly prohibited. Any unauthorized use of the text, images, audio and video may violate copyright, trademark, privacy and publicity laws and other civil and criminal statutes of the United States and other countries. Nothing contained on this Website shall be construed as granting any license or right to use any trademarks or copyrights. No right to use any of LKI’s intellectual property is granted herein. Any unauthorized use of trademarks & copyrights may be subject to legal action.
External Links
External links may be provided for your convenience, but they are beyond the control of LKI and no representation is made as to their content. Use or reliance on any external links and the content thereon provided is at your own risk. Links are provided for convenience and for information purposes and LKI does not endorse and is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site.
Warranties
All information included in any page of this Website is provided "AS IS" and without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. To the maximum extent permitted by law, LKI DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS AND IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. LKI DOES NOT MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THAT USE OF THIS WEBSITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED OR THAT THIS WEBSITE OR ANY SERVER(S) USED ARE FREE FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, VALIDITY, CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY OR TRUTHFULNESS OF THIS WEBSITE, ANY MATERIALS OR ANY SITES LINKED TO OR FROM THIS WEBSITE.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you, in which case LKI disclaims all warranties to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Disclaimer of Liability
LKI shall not be responsible for and disclaims all liability for any loss, liability, damage, claim, obligation, suit, cause of action, expense, of any nature whatsoever, whether direct, indirect, or consequential (collectively a “Loss”), which may be suffered by you or any third party, as a result of or which may be attributable, directly or indirectly, to your access or use of the Website, any information contained on the Website, any of LKI’s products, your or your company's personal information or material and information transmitted over the Website. This includes, but is not limited to, the loss of data or loss of profit, even if LKI was advised of the possibility of such damages. Your sole and exclusive recourse against LKI for any Loss is expressly limited to a replacement product or a refund of your purchase price.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless LKI and its officers, directors, employees, affiliates, agents, licensors, suppliers, successors, assigns, past and present, from and against any Loss in connection with: (i) your violation of the Terms; (ii) your use of and access to the Website; (iii) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right; or (iv) your use of any product purchased from LKI.
Force Majeure
LKI cannot be responsible for delays due to any cause beyond its control, including, but not limited to, acts of God, war, civil unrest, acts of Government, severe weather, fires, floods, explosions or other catastrophes, accidents, differences with workmen, embargos, transportation delays of any kind, hackers, bandwidth or network interruption, and delays incurred by LKI’s suppliers due to such causes.
Conflict of Terms
If there is a conflict or contradiction between the provisions of the Terms and any other terms and conditions, policies or notices provided with a product sold by LKI, then the specific terms and conditions, policies or notices provided with a product sold by LKI shall prevail and all non-conflicting terms shall governed hereby.
Assignment
The Terms, and any rights hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by LKI without restriction.
No Waiver
Any concession or indulgence made by LKI or its failure to insist on performance of any of the Terms shall not be considered a waiver of any other Terms, whether the same or similar.
No waiver by LKI of any default or provision hereof shall be deemed a waiver of any subsequent default or provision
Severability
Any provision of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices, which is or becomes unenforceable in any jurisdiction, whether due to being void, invalidity, illegality, unlawfulness or for any reason whatever, shall, in such jurisdiction only and only to the extent that it is so unenforceable, be treated as void and the remaining provisions of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices shall remain in full force and effect.
Applicable Laws
Use of this website shall in all respects be governed by the laws of the state of Rhode Island, U.S., regardless of the laws that might be applicable under any conflicts of law principles. You agree that the Rhode Island courts located in Providence County, Providence, Rhode Island, shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all controversies arising under the Terms and agree that venue is proper in those courts.
The posting of this Website by LKI is a passive activity in itself. Access to this Website by persons in any jurisdiction does not imply that LKI intends to purposely avail itself of the privilege of conducting activities within such jurisdiction, nor does it imply that LKI invokes the benefits and protections of the laws of such jurisdiction. This Website was developed in the United States of America in accordance with its laws. Your use of the Website shall be deemed acceptance of the laws of the State of Rhode Island. Notwithstanding the foregoing, use of this Website by anyone outside of the United States or Canada does not create an obligation of LKI to sell or ship any product. References to a particular product or service do not imply that LKI intends to make such products and services available in any particular location.
0
Item(s) added to your cart.
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
© 2020 Little Kids Inc. - All Rights Reserved. Actual product colors and packaging may vary.
© 2018 Jelly Belly Candy Company, Fairfield, CA 94533 USA. PEEPS®, The PEEPS®Chick Shape and the PEEPS® Bunny Shape are registered trademarks of Just Born, Inc., Bethlehem, PA © 2018 . All Rights Reserved. PJ Masks © Frog Box / Entertainment One UK Limited /Walt Disney EMEA Productions Limited 2014. Les Pyjamasques by Romuald © (2007) Gallimard Jeunesse. All Rights Reserved. Sesame Street® and associated characters, trademarks and design elements are owned and licensed by Sesame Workshop. © 2018 Sesame Workshop. All Rights Reserved. © 2018 Viacom International Inc. All Rights Reserved. Nickelodeon, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Bubble Guppies, Shimmer and Shine and all related titles, logos and characters are trademarks of Viacom International Inc.© 2018 Spin Master PAW Productions Inc. All Rights Reserved. PAW Patrol and all related titles, logos and characters are trademarks of Spin Master Ltd.
Log into Your Account
×
New here? Create an Account
Your account has been created.
Close this popup and you're ready to go!
First Name
Last Name
Email Address (also your username)
Username
Password
Confirm Password
Prove you're not a robot
Register
×
Cart Summary