https://www.silverspoon.co.uk/cookie-policy
Cookie Policy
What are cookies?A cookie is a data file, which often includes a unique identifier, that is sent to your browser from a web server and is then stored on the hard drive of the device you are using to browse the website. Each website you visit can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but to protect your privacy your browser only permits a website to access cookies it has already sent to you, not cookies sent to you by other sites.Users have the opportunity to set their devices to accept all cookies, to notify them when a cookie is issued, or not to receive cookies at any time. Each browser is different, so check the ‘Help’ menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. Please be aware that blocking cookies may affect the functionality of the website.How we use cookiesYou can find more information about the types of cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below:Category 1: Strictly Necessary CookiesThese are required for the operation of a website. Examples are cookies used for online shopping baskets or to protect against fraud. Notice for users: These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies, services you have asked for, like shopping baskets or e-billing, cannot be provided.Category 2: Analytical/ Performance CookiesThese cookies collect information about how visitors use a website (for example, as part of Google Analytics or Omniture)Notice for users: These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance, which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information that these cookies collect is aggregated and, therefore, anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works.Category 3: Functionality CookiesThese are used to recognise users when they return to a website. They remember user choices and enable the personalisation of content.Notice for users: These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.Category 4: Targeting CookiesThese cookies record a user’s visit to a website, the individual pages visited and the links followed. This collection of browsing habits is used to deliver more relevant adverts to the user.Notice for users: These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organisation.Category 5: Social Media CookiesThese cookies allow you to share what you’ve been doing on the website on social media such as Facebook and Twitter.Notice for users: These cookies are not within our control. Please refer to the respective privacy policies for how their cookies work.How to control and delete cookiesIf you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are set on the Site (or, indeed, on any other website) you can do this through your browser settings. The ‘Help’ function within your browser should tell you how.Alternatively, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ for comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers. You will also find details on how to delete cookies from your computer, as well as more general information about cookies.Be aware that restricting cookies may affect your ability to navigate and use our Website.Contact us & your rights of  complaintQuestions, comments or requests concerning this privacy notice are welcomed and should be addressed to Data Protection Coordinator at The Silver Spoon Company, Western House, Lynchwood Business Park, Peterborough, PE2 6BP.You have the right to make a complaint to the UK Information Commissioners’ Office (‘ICO’) or to seek a remedy through the courts if you believe that your rights have been breached.If you have a concern about any aspect of our privacy practices, including the way we’ve handled your information, you can report it to the ICO).  You can find details of how to do this on the ICO website at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ or by calling their helpline on 0303 123 1113.
We use cookies to deliver the best browsing experience. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Read more
Accept