https://www.sensorsone.com/legal/privacy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footerThis privacy policy sets out how SensorsONE uses and protects any information that you provide to SensorsONE when using this website.
SensorsONE is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Contents
What we collectWhat we do with the information we gatherHow we use cookiesWeb Analytics and ReportingJetpack StatsGoogle AnalyticsWebsite SecurityJetpack ProtectBookmarking and Sharing ServicesAdvertisingSecurityLinks to other websitesControlling your personal information
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name and job title.
Contact information including email address.
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests.
Other information relevant to customer applications, surveys and offers.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping for purposes of accounts management and compliance with applicable company and tax laws in the country of operation.
Your name and company address may be included on printable order related documentation such as quotations, order acknowledgements, invoices and delivery notes.  This information may also be passed to a freight company which is responsible for delivering your order.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
After we have received a separate explicit consent from yourself, we may also use your contact information to contact you for marketing purposes.
We or a partner company responsible for handling sales of a particular product at your location, may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail in connection with an enquiry or order that you have sent us.
We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
How we use cookies
SensorsONE uses cookies on its websites which are outlined in the relevant sections below for each type of cookie. If you would like to block these cookies, we suggest you use the cookie settings within your internet web browser (e.g. Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Firefox, Safari, etc….) where you will be able to add exceptions for a particular website.
Web Analytics and Reporting
The SensorsONE websites use Jetpack which includes a stats service provided by Automattic, and Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.
Jetpack Stats
Data Used: IP address, WordPress.com user ID (if logged in), WordPress.com username (if logged in), user agent, visiting URL, referring URL, timestamp of event, browser language, country code. Important:The site owner does not have access to any of this information via this feature. For example, a site owner can see that a specific post has 285 views, but he/she cannot see which specific users/accounts viewed that post. Stats logs — containing visitor IP addresses and WordPress.com usernames (if available) — are retained by Automattic for 28 days and are used for the sole purpose of powering this feature.
Activity Tracked: Post and page views, video plays (if videos are hosted by WordPress.com), outbound link clicks, referring URLs and search engine terms, and country. When this module is enabled, Jetpack also tracks performance on each page load that includes the Javascript file used for tracking stats. This is exclusively for aggregate performance tracking across Jetpack sites in order to make sure that our plugin and code is not causing performance issues. This includes the tracking of page load times and resource loading duration (image files, Javascript files, CSS files, etc.). The site owner has the ability to force this feature to honor DNT settings of visitors. By default, DNT is currently not honored.
To read more about how Jetpack treats the data collected from your visits, please go to the Jetpack Privacy Center page.
Google Analytics
The SensorsONE websites use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.
Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf.
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Google provides an Google Analytics Opt-out browser add-on for blocking the Google Analytics cookie from tracking the pages and sites you visit on the web.
For more details please read:
Google Analytics Cookie Usage on Websites
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use their services
Website Security
Jetpack Protect
Data Used: In order to check login activity and potentially block fraudulent attempts, the following information is used: attempting user’s IP address, attempting user’s email address/username (i.e. according to the value they were attempting to use during the login process), and all IP-related HTTP headers attached to the attempting user.
Activity Tracked: Failed login attempts (these include IP address and user agent). We also set a cookie (jpp_math_pass) for 1 day to remember if/when a user has successfully completed a math captcha to prove that they’re a real human. Learn more about this cookie.
Data Synced (?): Failed login attempts, which contain the user’s IP address, attempted username or email address, and user agent information.
To read more about how Jetpack treats the data collected from your visits, please go to the Jetpack Privacy Center page.
Bookmarking and Sharing Services
The SensorsONE website may use services which provide website gadgets for users to share and bookmark webpages. Companies like this will collect certain anonymous aggregated information when users visit the SensorsONE websites.
These companies may use non-personally identifiable information during a users visit to SensorsONE and other websites, in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you.
These companies typically use a cookie or a third party web beacon to collect this information. Please visit the Network Advertising Initiative to learn more about this behavioural advertising practice.
You can choose to opt-out of behavioural advertising via the Network Advertising Initiative website.
Advertising
When you click on an Ad external to our website provided by Google AdWords, an identifier is added to help Google track the pages that you go to after clicking the Ad.  To measure the effectiveness of our AdWords advertising and identify opportunities for improvements, we place Google AdWords tracking codes on our website.  The purpose of the AdWords tracking codes is to record when a visitor originating from an AdWords Ad has visited the page that includes the tracking code.
The DoubleClick DART cookie is used by Google in the ads served on the SensorsONE websites. When a user visits a SensorsONE website to either view or click on an ad, a cookie may be dropped on that end user’s browser. The data gathered from these cookies will be used to help better serve and manage ads on the SensorsONE websites and across the web.
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to your website.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to users based on their visits to the SensorsONE websites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the advertising opt-out page or installing a Advertising cookie opt-out browser plugin.
Alternatively, users may opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
For more details please read How Google uses information from sites or apps that use their services.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your contact information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
Some of the links on the SensorsONE website enable you to visit other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control or influence with regard to the privacy policies on these websites. Therefore, it is not possible for SensorsONE to provide any assurance of protection and privacy for the information you provide these third-party websites once you leave the SensorsONE website. We recommend that you exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website you visit via an external link on the SensorsONE website.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by advising us by post, email or using one of the website contact forms.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties, other than what is necessary to pass onto to partner companies to handle your enquiries and orders, or is required by law.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please contact us.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to, or email us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Footer
By clicking "OK" or continuing to use this website you are providing your consent to use cookies as described in our
Privacy Policy