http://www.crmllc.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Cramer Rosenthal McGlynn, LLC’s (“CRM”) primary client goal is to protect your privacy. This privacy notice contains our policies relating to nonpublic information of clients, prospective clients and former clients.
In the conduct of our business, we may collect nonpublic, personal information from you and other sources such as:
Information reported by you in investment management agreements, subscription documents, purchase applications and any other related documents or forms you filled out and sent to us in connection with your account;
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates or others (such as purchases, sales, account balances and average costs);
Information used to verify your identity;
Information about any bank account you use for transfers between your bank account and your CRM accounts; and
Information we receive about you or your accounts as a result of your inquiries by mail, e-mail or telephone.
CRM does not share or disclose any nonpublic, personal information about its current or former customers, except as permitted by law, in order to service your account. We will also release information about you if you direct us to do so, if we are compelled to do so by law, or in connection with a government request or investigation.
In addition, in order to comply with state and federal laws, including anti-money laundering requirements, any information you provide in connection with your account is subject to verification by CRM or a third-party vendor contracted by us for this purpose, or both.
Other Shared Information
So that we can complete transactions you authorize or request and so that we can provide you information about CRM products, services and funds, we may disclose information we collect about you to companies that provide services to us, such as transfer agents or printers and mailers that prepare and distribute materials to you. Those companies are authorized to use that information only to perform services for which CRM hired them and are not permitted to use or disclose that information for any other purpose. All of the information we collect may be shared among CRM and its affiliates or related persons, all of which are engaged in the financial services business.
Information Safeguarding
CRM will internally safeguard your nonpublic, personal information by restricting access to only those employees who provide products or services to you or those who need access to your information to service your account. In addition, we will maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards designed to comply with federal and/or state standards to guard your nonpublic, personal information, and we review and adjust these safeguards periodically in response to advances in technology and industry developments.
What You Can Do
For your protection, you should not provide your account information, user name, or password to anyone. If you become aware of any suspicious activity relating to your account, it is your responsibility to contact us immediately. If you have any questions relating to this privacy policy or concerns about the way in which we have handled information about you, please do not hesitate to send us an email at Legal@crmllc.com.
Use of Third-Party Service Providers
From time to time, we may obtain certain information from third-party internet Service Providers who may collect technical information, including but not limited to browser type, internet address, pages visited, IP address, or operating system, in an effort to assist us in evaluating our client’s online access to Firm information.
We Will Keep You Informed
As required by federal law, we will notify you of our privacy policy annually. We reserve the right to modify this policy at any time.
This Privacy Notice relates to the following entities:
Cramer Rosenthal McGlynn, LLC
CRM Mutual Fund Trust