http://www.chpeters.com/pages/policies
Search
Home
Shop By Category
Contact Us
Our Company
Suppliers
Policies
Sign in
Create an Account
Menu
Cart 0
Home
›
Policies
Policies
New Accounts
To open a new account please provide us with three current suppliers and one bank reference. Your credit will also be checked. If immediate delivery is required before your references can be checked, please allow for COD shipment.Click here for our Credit Application Form.
Special Orders
We reserve the right to require a down payment on special order items. An industry plus or minus of 10% of quantity ordered is standard practice on ordered specials. A written confirmation is required for special orders before orders can proceed. Special product cannot be cancelled or returned for exchange or credit.
Terms of Payment
Standard payment terms for all products is net 30 days upon credit approval. C.H. Peters Company reserves the right to hold shipments or to ship on a COD basis, any order received from any purchaser who's account is deliquent. Invoices not paid timely are subject to 1.5% interest per month, not to exceed 18%. However, purchasers who default on terms agreement upon, C.H. Peters Company reservers the right to add collection and/or attorney fees to the total amount of all invoices. No order will be processed if any invoices are over 45 days old. All taxes, duties, or other expenses arising out of, or in connection with the sale of product shall be the sole liability of the purchaser. We gladly accept MasterCard and Visa.
Minimum Order
Minimum order is $15.00 Net for Pickup or UPS Orders. $25.00 for Credit Card.
Claims
Any claims or discrepancies in shipment are to be made within 7 days after receipt of merchandise. Any in transit claim for damaged and lost goods must be made against the transportation company only. The foregoing shall constitute the sole and exclusive remedies of the customer and are in lieu of all other warranties, expressed, implied or statutory, including but not limited to any implied warranty of merchantability or fitness.
Delivery
All items are shipped F.O.B. Origin our store or factory. We normally ship UPS or via common carrier. Loca deliveries should contact our sales staff for schedule, area coverage and sales order minimum.
Returns
Return authorizations must be obtained from our customer service department before acceptance of any return for adjustment. All returns must be pre-paid and accompanies by an invoice or original packing slip. Only products in original containers, and in salable condition will be considered for return, other than special made to order items, within 30 days of purchase. If any item cannot be returned to stock, unless defective, adjustments will not be made. Returns subject to a re-stocking charge.
Warranty
We do not warrant nor represent that the merchandise complies with the provisions of any law. All specifications and technical data are subject to change without notice.
Lost or Damaged Short Shipments
UPS: Notify your local UPS office immediately. Also, advise us so that we can reship the merchandise and place a claim. Keep all damaged goods and containers for UPS inspection until told when to dispose. MOTOR FREIGHT: Shippers are not responsible for merchandise lost or damaged by motor freight carriers. If your shipment is damaged or short one or more packages, make sure to have the damage or shortages noted by the delivery carrier's agent on all receipts and freight bills. If you accept a short or damaged shipment from the delivering carrier without proper notation by this agent, you do so at your own risk.
Prices
Prices are subject to change without notice. For blanket or contract orders and pricing, contact our office.
Conditions of Sale
Conditions, terms and pricing are subject to change without notice. Typographical or similar errors may have occurred in the production of the website and catalog and are subject to correction.
Privacy Policy
CH peters.com is committed to protecting the privacy of our online visitors. We collect information from online visitors who ask to be on our newsletter mailing list and/or receive periodic email announcements. Anyone who wishes can choose to be removed from our mailing list at any time. In addition, online visitors who wish to purchase a membership through our Web site must provide their name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and credit card number and expiration date. All credit card transactions occur over a secure connection. All online visitor data collected by CHpeters.com is protected against unauthorized access. We will not sell, trade, or give your personal information to other companies or organizations.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have personal information on a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information from our systems. CHpeters.com encourages parents to go online with their kids. Here are a few tips to help make a child's online experience safer:
Teach kids never to give personal information, unless supervised by a parent or responsible adult. Includes name, address, phone, school, etc.
Know the sites your kids are visiting and which sites are appropriate.
Look for Web site privacy policies. Know how your child's information is treated.
Check out the FTC's site at http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/menus/consumer/data/child.shtm for more tips on protecting children's privacy online.
Contacting Us.
We can be reached by contacting:
www.chpeters.com
Email: sales@chpeters.com