https://www.mehron.com/privacy-policy/
×
Privacy Policy Statement This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Mehron, Inc collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the https://www.mehron.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Mehron, Inc.SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address. When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system. Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.Mehron, Inc collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To personalize user experience. We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site. We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To process transactions. We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To administer a content, promotion, survey or other Site feature. To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails
SECTION 2 - CONSENTHow do you get my consent? When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only. If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent or provide you with an opportunity to say no or opt out.How do I withdraw my consent? If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site. If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at any time, by Contacting us or mailing us at: Mehron, Inc 100 Red Schoolhouse Rd. , Chestnut Ridge, NY 10977SECTION 3 - DISCLOSUREWe may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our terms of use.SECTION 4 – BIGCOMMERCE Pty. LtdOur store is hosted on BigCommerce Pty. Ltd . They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you. Your data is stored through BigCommerce Pty. Ltd data storage, databases and the general BigCommerce application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.Payment: If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then BigCommerce Pty. Ltd stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted. All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers. For more insight, you may also want to read BigCommerce Terms of Service (https://www.bigcommerce.com/terms/) or Privacy Statement (https://www.bigcommerce.com/privacy/).SECTION 5 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICESIn general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us. However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions. For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers. In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located. As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act. Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Links When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements. Google analytics: Our store uses Google Analytics to help us learn about store visits and the pages being viewed.Facebook Pixel: Our store uses Facebook Pixel to help us learn about store visits and the pages being viewed.Pinterest Tag: Our store uses a Pinterest Tag to help us learn about store visits and the pages being viewed.Instagram Tag: Our store uses a Instagram Tag to help us learn about store visits and the pages being viewed.Lucky Orange Tag: Our store uses a Luck Orange Tag to help us learn about store visits and the pages being viewed.SECTION 6 - SECURITYTo protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.  If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.SECTION 7 - COOKIESCookies can be used to recognize you when you visit our Website, remember your preferences, and give you a personalized experience. Third party integrations on our Website also use Cookies. By using our Website or Services, you are agreeing to the use of Cookies and similar technologies for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. It possible to disable Cookies through your device or browser settings, but doing so may affect your ability to use the Website. The method for disabling Cookies may vary by device and browser, but can usually be found in preferences or security settings. To find out more about Cookies, including how to see what Cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit allaboutcookies.org, or aboutcookies.org. Because there is no consistent industry understanding of how to respond to “Do Not Track” signals, we do not alter our data collection and usage practices when we detect such a signal from your browser.SECTION 8 - AGE OF CONSENTBy using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site. See our terms of use for more information.SECTION 9 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYWe reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. When we do, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATIONIf you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information please contact is via our Contact Us  page or by mail at:
Mehron, Inc [Re: Privacy] 100 Red Schoolhouse Rd.Chestnut Ridge, NY 10977
EU REGULATIONS
Mehron, Inc.Chestnut Ridge, NY 10977Mehron Ltd. London EC1M 4BHMehron EU, NL-2622LB-6www.mehron.comMade in USA Modified: 2/22/19
Follow us
×