https://www.blistex.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Last revised July 15, 2019
Blistex (“Blistex,” “we,” “us,” and “our”) understands that privacy is important to you as the user of our products (“you” and “your”). This privacy policy (“Policy”) applies to the information we collect from or about you through our Site, https://www.blistex.com (the “Site”), which is owned and operated by Blistex Inc. This Policy does not apply to any information collected by any third party Site or any information collected by Blistex offline.
This Policy may be supplemented or amended from time to time by additional privacy notices (“Privacy Notices”), provided at the time we collect your information.
In other cases, specific Privacy Notices may be required to comply with the privacy laws of one of the countries, provinces, or states in which we do business.
Table of Contents
What Information We Collect
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
How We Collect Your Information
Information About Third-Party Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising
Links to Other Websites
Your Choices
How We Protect Your Information
Disclaimers
Retention of Personal Information
Child Privacy
Changes To Our Privacy Policy
Contact Us
What Information We Collect
We do not collect personal information about you unless you voluntarily submit that information to us by registering an account with us or some other means. The personal information which you may provide to us could include your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address (“Personal Information”).
How We Use Your Information
We may send your Personal Information to other group companies, affiliates and third parties to help us process your Personal Information for the purposes set out in this Policy. Generally, we use the information we collect through the Site in the following ways:
to provide the information, products and services you request;
to provide you with effective customer service;
to provide you with a personalized experience when you use the Site;
to contact you with information and notices related to your use of the products and Site;
to improve the content, functionality and usability of the Site;
to better understand your needs and interests;
to improve our products;
to improve our marketing and promotional efforts;
to share with others as described in this Policy;
for security, credit or fraud prevention purposes;
in accordance with your consent; and
for any other purpose identified in an applicable Privacy Notice, click-through agreement or other agreement between you and us.
How We Share Your Information
With Third-Party Vendors
Blistex shares information collected through the Site with third-party vendors who act for us or on our behalf. For example, we may use third-party service providers (“Service Providers”) to design and operate the Site, or to develop software applications and databases; to conduct surveys; and to help us with our promotional efforts. These Service Providers may need may have access to your personal and anonymous information in order to perform these functions on our behalf.
These Service Providers may also contact you or send communications on our behalf, including, without limitation, in connection with market research studies about our products or our competitors’ products.
With Our Licensors, Manufacturers and Our Affiliates
Blistex may share the information collected through the Site with our affiliates, manufacturers and licensors (collectively “Other Parties”). Our Other Parties may use the information in all the ways listed in this Policy, provided that such use relates to services authorized by Blistex.
As Part of a Business Transfer
Your information may be transferred to a successor organization if, for example, we transfer the ownership or operation of the Site to another organization or if we merge with another organization. If such a transfer occurs, the successor organization’s use of your information will still be subject to this Policy and the privacy preferences you have expressed to us.
To Comply with Laws and Protect Our Rights and the Rights of Others
We may disclose your information when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law, a court order or a subpoena. We may also disclose your information to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to protect the security of the Site; to enforce or apply our Terms of Use or other agreements; or to protect our own rights or property or the rights, property or safety of our users or others. We also reserve the right to disclose your information as described in any click-through agreement to which you have agreed.
How We Collect Your Information
Information You Manually Provide
Blistex collects the information you manually provide (using your keyboard, mouse, or touchpad on your computer, mobile or tablet device (collectively, “Device”)) when you use the Site. For example, we collect the information you provide via e-mail and feedback/comment forms. In certain sections of the Site (e.g., "Give Us Lip", "Contact Blistex", "Bliss Flip"), we request and collect Personal Information that may be used to contact you directly to respond to questions, comments or inquiries you submit, or to contact you about a contest or sweepstakes you enter on the Site.
Information From Your Mobile or Tablet Device
Likewise, if you access the Site through your Device, we may automatically collect certain information from or about your Device. The types of information we may collect include the type of Device you use, the IP address of your Device, your Device’s operating system, the type of Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use our Site. This information is not, in and of itself, personally identifiable, but we may combine it with other information in an attempt to identify you or we may combine it with information that does identify you.
Information Collected by Cookies and Similar Technologies
We use technologies to collect information and support certain features of the Site, such as cookies or other tracking technologies. For example, we may use these technologies to:
collect information about the ways visitors use the Site – which pages they visit, which links they use, and how long they stay on each page;
support the features and functionality of the Site – for example, to save you the trouble of reentering information already in our database or to prompt the settings you established on previous visits;
personalize your experience when you use the Site; and
improve our marketing efforts, including through use of targeted advertising.
The information we collect using cookies and similar technologies is not, in and of itself, personally identifiable, but we may link it to personal information that you provide. If you do not wish to receive cookies, you may set your browser to reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your Device. You can also clear your cookies at any time through your browser’s settings. Although you are not required to accept cookies when you visit the Site, you may be unable to use all of the functionality of the Site if your browser rejects our cookies.
Information About Third-Party Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising
In addition to the cookies we may deliver to your Computer or Mobile or Tablet Device through our Site, certain third parties may deliver cookies to you for a variety of reasons. For example, we use Google Analytics, a web analytics tool that helps us understand how visitors engage with our Site. To learn more about Google Analytics.
Other third parties may deliver cookies to your computer or mobile or tablet device for the purpose of tracking your online behaviors across nonaffiliated websites and delivering targeted advertisements either on our Site or on other websites.
You have choices about the collection of information by third parties on our Site. For example, if you don’t want information about your visit to our Site sent to Google Analytics, you may download an Opt-out Browser Add-on. Please note that the Add-on does not prevent information from being sent to us.
In addition, you may opt-out of having interest-based information collected by certain entities during your visits to our Site or other websites. You will be directed to an industry-developed website that contains mechanisms for choosing whether each listed entity may collect and use data for online behavioral advertising purposes. It may be that some of the third parties that collect interest-based information on our Site do not participate in the industry-developed opt-out website, in which case the best way to avoid third-party tracking of your online behaviors may be through your browser settings and deletion of cookies.
Links to Other Websites
Our Site may link to third-party websites or advertisers. These third-party websites or advertisers may collect certain personal and non-personal information, including, product usage data, and general location based information. These third-party Sites or advertisers may share information they collect about you with us but we are not responsible for their data collection practices.
We urge you to review their privacy policies to better understand their processing of your data.
Your Choices
Opting Out of Cookies
If you want to stop or restrict the placement of cookies or flush any cookies that may already be on your Device, please refer to and adjust your web browser preferences. Further information on cookies is available www.allaboutcookies.org. By deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our Site or some of its functionality may be affected. Cookies and similar items are not used by us to automatically retrieve personal information from your device without your knowledge.
Do Not Track Mechanisms
Because of the changing state of technology and indecision within the industry regarding the meaning of DNT signals, we currently do not make any guarantee that we will honor DNT signals.
How We Protect Your Information
Blistex takes reasonable precautions to provide a level of security appropriate to the sensitivity of the information we collect. Although we use reasonable measures to help protect your information against unauthorized use or disclosure, due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information provided online.
Disclaimers
We cannot guarantee the security of information provided over the Internet or stored in our databases and will not be responsible for breaches of security beyond our reasonable control.
While Blistex has safeguards in place to prevent unauthorized access or interception, there is no absolute guarantee of security. In the event of an interception or unauthorized access, Blistex shall not be responsible for such interception or unauthorized access, or any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages (including lost profits) suffered by you, even if Blistex has previously been advised of the possibility of such damages. Blistex does not warrant, either expressly or implied, that the information provided by you shall be free from interception or unauthorized access and does not provide any implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
In transmitting electronic communications to Blistex, the user of this Site is requesting that Blistex send information to or contact the user regarding our products. Blistex will make every effort to accommodate reasonable requests for information pertaining to our Site, products and services in a timely manner but makes no guarantees for the timeliness of such responses. You should be aware that Blistex is not responsible for delay, non-delivery or non-receipt of any information exchanged between Blistex and the user or vice-versa due to internet connectivity problems, man-made or natural disasters, force majeure, computer malfunctions or incorrect contact information (including but not limited to e-mail addresses, mailing addresses, telephone, cellular, pager or fax numbers) you supply.
Retention of Personal Information
Blistex retains the personal information collected on the Site as long as necessary to provide the services, products and information you request or as permitted by applicable law. Even if we delete some or all of your personal information, we may continue to retain and use aggregate or anonymous data previously collected and/or anonymize or aggregate your personal information. Please note that we will not be liable for disclosures of your data due to errors or unauthorized acts of third parties.
Child Privacy
Blistex strongly believes in protecting the privacy of children online (we define "children" as minors younger than 13). In compliance with the requirements of Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we do not seek to, nor do we knowingly collect or use any personal information from children without explicit parental consent. We do not knowingly allow children to become subscribers, make submissions, register with us, order our products or services, communicate with us, or use any of our online services.
Changes To Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right, at our discretion, to add to, change, update, modify or remove portions of this Policy at any time.
However, if at any time in the future we plan to use Personal Information in a way that materially differs from this Policy, we will post such changes here or email you. We encourage you to periodically review the Site for the latest information on our privacy practices.
You are bound by any changes to the Policy when you use the Site after such changes have been first posted.
Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns about this Policy, any Privacy Notice, or Blistex’s data practices, please contact us:
Blistex Inc.
ATTN: Blistex Site Manager
1800 Swift Drive
Oak Brook, IL 60523-1574
Contact us via e-mail.