http://www.rfidtalk.com/privacy
Home
What is
Back
What is RFID
Real Time Tracking
ABS, NEMA and IP Ratings
How to
Back
Prevent Theft
Track Produce
Where is RFID Used?
Back
Aerospace & Defense
Retail Apparel
Login
The RFID Network Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Details
Written by Louis Sirico
Last Updated: 02 February 2019
Hits: 4365
Jan, 2019The RFID Network (RFID.net) policies comply with the rules and regulations described by the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the Federal Trade Commission and CalOPPA in the United States, the Canadian Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, and the Australian Privacy Act of 1988.
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for RFID.net. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used, and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this website. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via telephone, email, or the forms on this website. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your requests. For example, we may give your name and telephone number to a 3rd party service provider such as housekeeper or service technician. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new homes or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address below to:
See what data we have about you, if any;
Change/correct any data we have about you;
Have us delete any data we have about you;
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Please note: we MUST validate your identity prior to sharing any personal information, even for validation purposes.
This must be done via government-issued photo ID or utility bill addressed that matches the address we have on record.
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy
YouTube
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
©
2002 -
2020
RFID.Net