https://www.holmesgaragedoor.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home Privacy Policy
Holmes Garage Door Company® appreciates your interest in our Website. This Privacy Policy applies and is limited to treatment of information that is collected via this Website or used as a result of this Website.
GENERAL AND POLICY UPDATES
Holmes Garage Door Company takes the privacy of your personal information seriously, and will make every effort to use your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Please review this Privacy Policy carefully. We may revise this Privacy Policy over time. Please check this Website from time to time for the most current version of our Privacy Policy. Your use of this Website constitutes your acceptance of its policies contained within.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
At registration, you may be asked to provide personal information such as your first and last name, email address, phone number, fax number and/or address. Holmes Garage Door Company automatically collects Website usage information from you when you visit our Website. Website usage information informs us about how our visitors use and navigate the Website, including but not limited to, the number and frequency of visitors on each Web Page, their Internet Protocol addresses, the length of their stays and the actions they take. Certain pages of the Website may use cookies or other means to track and store your information for the purposes described in this policy, and to allow us to recognize you as a user returning to the Website using the same computer and browser.
What is a cookie? A cookie is a tiny element of data that a Website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your hard drive so that the Holmes Garage Door Company server can recognize when you return. You can erase or block this information from your computer at any time if you want to.
USAGE BY CHILDREN
This Website is intended for use by adults. Holmes Garage Door Company does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may combine the personally identifiable information you provide Holmes Garage Door Company with other information about you that is available to us. The ways that Holmes Garage Door Company may use your information include (a) to enable the Website and its operators to process, manage, and deliver your requests; (b) to respond to your specific inquiries; (c) to troubleshoot and provide you with technical support; (d) to provide you with information on Holmes Garage Door Company products and services, either on a personalized or aggregate basis; (e) to give Website editors anonymous, aggregate information that is useful for developing new and improved content and navigation on the Website; (f) to resolve disputes, prevent and detect fraud, and otherwise to help Holmes Garage Door Company to avoid legal liability; (g) and, to notify you of changes to this Privacy Policy or to other policies or terms that affect you and your use of the Website.
YOU HAVE THE ABILITY TO CHOOSE
We communicate with you to provide information, products, and services that you have requested. It is your choice to send us these requests. You have the option to reject the Website’s cookies and still use the Website. However, your access to the Website may be limited. On occasion, we may send you information and offers via email to the address you provided upon registration. You may opt out from receiving emails at any time by following the instructions on each email you receive.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS
This Website may contain, or in the future may contain, links and pointers to other Internet sites maintained by third parties. Holmes Garage Door Company is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third party sites. We recommend that you review the privacy policies of those sites when you visit them.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Holmes Garage Door Company has procedures to help you make sure that your information is accurate, current, and complete. If you desire to correct any such information, or if you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us here.
Holmes Garage Door Company® offers a complete line of top quality garage doors including traditional raised panel doors, carriage house style doors and contemporary styles.
Holmes Dealer Portal
Open Close