http://www.jam.uk.com/cookie-policy
Cookie PolicyHome Cookie Policy
This Cookies Policy sets out the basis on which we, J.A.M. Limited use cookies and similar technologies on or in relation to our website, www.jam.uk.com (our website).
This Cookies Policy is effective from 25.05.18
‘Essential’ cookies are automatically placed on your computer or device when you access our website or take certain actions on our website. ‘Non-essential’ cookies and other technologies are only placed on your computer or device if you have consented to us doing so. You consent to us placing non-essential cookies on your computer or device by continuing to use our website with your browser settings to accept cookies.
For information on the difference between essential and non-essential cookies, see the section below entitled About cookies.
For information on how you consent and how you can withdraw your consent to us placing non-essential cookies and other technologies on your computer or device, see the section below entitled How to accept or reject cookies.
Contents
About cookies
List of cookies used
Essential cookies
Non-essential cookies
Web beacons
How to accept or reject cookies
Copyright, credit and logo
About Cookies
What are cookies?
Cookies are small data files sent by a website’s server to a web browser, processor memory or hard drive and stored there. They can be used for a range of different purposes, such as customising a website for a particular user, helping a user navigate a website, improving that user’s website experience, and storing that user’s preferences and login information.
Essential and non-essential cookies
Cookies can be classified as either ‘essential’ or ‘non-essential’.
Essential cookies: these are cookies that are either:
used solely to carry out or facilitate the transmission of communications over a network; or
strictly necessary to provide an online service (e.g. our website or a service on our website) which you have requested.
Non-essential cookies: these are any cookies that do not fall within the definition of essential cookies, such as cookies used to analyse your behaviour on a website (‘analytical’ cookies) or cookies used to display advertisements to you (‘advertising’ cookies).
Session and persistent cookies
Cookies can be classified as either ‘session’ or ‘persistent’, depending on how long they last after they are placed on your browser.
Session cookies: session cookies last for as long as you keep your browser open. They expire when you close your browser.
Persistent cookies: persistent cookies expire at a fixed point in time or if you manually delete them from your browser, whichever occurs first.
First and third party cookies
Cookies can be classified as ‘first party’ or ‘third party’.
First party cookies: these are cookies placed on your device by our website domain.
Third party cookies: these are cookies placed on your device by third party website domains.
If you require further information about cookies in general, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org
List Of Cookies Used
We use the following cookies on or in relation to our website:
Name of CookieEssential or Non-essential?Type of cookieFirst or Third party?Session or PersistentExpiry TimePurpose
CookieConsentEssentialHTTPFirst PartyPersistent1 yearsStores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
__utm.gifNon-EssentialPixelThird PartySessionWhen the user’s browser is closedGoogle Analytics Tracking Code that logs details about the visitor's browser and computer.
__utmaNon-EssentialHTTPFirst PartyPersistent2 yearsCollects data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Used by Google Analytics.
__utmbNon-EssentialHTTPFirst PartySessionWhen the user’s browser is closedRegisters a timestamp with the exact time of when the user accessed the website. Used by Google Analytics to calculate the duration of a website visit.
__utmcNon-EssentialHTTPFirst PartySessionWhen the user’s browser is closedRegisters a timestamp with the exact time of when the user leaves the website. Used by Google Analytics to calculate the duration of a website visit.
__utmtNon-EssentialHTTPFirst PartySessionWhen the user’s browser is closedUsed to throttle the speed of requests to the server
_utmzNon-EssentialHTTPFirst PartyPersistent6 monthsCollects data on where the user came from, what search engine was used, what link was clicked and what search term was used. Used by Google Analytics.
01AINon-EssentialHTTPThird PartyPersistent1 yearUsed for gathering anonymous technical information regarding the user's browser, operating system, IP address and screen resolution as well as the user's navigation on the website.
PYPFNon-EssentialHTTPThird PartyPersistent27 daysUnclassified
Essential Cookies
These are cookies which are strictly necessary for our website to be able to operate or to provide you with a service on our website which you have requested. We use the following essential cookies on our website:
Name of CookieEssential or Non-essential?Type of cookieFirst or Third party?Session or Persistent?Expiry TimePurpose
CookieConsentEssentialHTTPFirst PartyPersistent1 yearsStores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Legal basis for processing: we process information about you contained in or obtained from essential cookies in our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interests: ensuring our site functions properly and providing you with online services you have requested.
How to opt out of essential cookies
Most browsers allow you to block all cookies, including essential cookies. Please note, however, that if you block all cookies, parts of our website and its functionality may not work or display properly.
You can delete existing cookies from your browser by clearing your browsing data and ensuring that the option to delete cookies is selected.
For more detailed information on how to accept and reject cookies, including guidance for specific browsers, please see the section below entitled How to accept or reject cookies
Non-Essential Cookies
We use the following types of non-essential cookies on our website:
Functional cookies
Analytical (or performance) cookies
Targeting (or advertising) cookies
Functional cookies
These are cookies that are designed for purposes such as enhancing a website’s functionality. These are either not strictly essential for the website or functionality which you have requested to work, or are cookies which serve non-essential purposes in addition to their essential purpose. We use the following functional cookies on our website:
Name of CookieEssential or Non-essential?Type of cookieFirst or Third party?Session or Persistent?Expiry TimePurpose
__utmtNon-EssentialHTTPFirst PartySessionWhen the user’s browser is closedUsed to throttle the speed of requests to the server
PYPFNon-EssentialHTTPThird PartyPersistent27 daysUnclassified
How to opt in or out from functional cookies
See the section below entitled How to accept or reject cookie
Processing information about you contained in or obtained from functional cookies
Legal basis for processing: we process information about you contained in or obtained from functional cookies in our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation). We will only process such personal information if you have consented to us placing cookies on your computer or device.
Legitimate interests: improving your website experience and providing and enhancing the website functionality you have requested.
For further information on how we use the information gathered from our use of functional cookies, please see the section entitled Our use of automated decision making and profiling in our privacy policy, which is available here.
Name of CookieEssential or Non-essential?Type of cookieFirst or Third party?Session or Persistent?Expiry TimePurpose
__utm.gifNon-EssentialPixelThird PartySessionWhen the user’s browser is closedGoogle Analytics Tracking Code that logs details about the visitor's browser and computer.
__utmaNon-EssentialHTTPFirst PartyPersistent2 yearsCollects data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Used by Google Analytics.
__utmbNon-EssentialHTTPFirst PartySessionWhen the user’s browser is closedRegisters a timestamp with the exact time of when the user accessed the website. Used by Google Analytics to calculate the duration of a website visit.
__utmcNon-EssentialHTTPFirst PartySessionWhen the user’s browser is closedRegisters a timestamp with the exact time of when the user leaves the website. Used by Google Analytics to calculate the duration of a website visit.
__utmzNon-EssentialHTTPFirst PartySession6 monthsCollects data on where the user came from, what search engine was used, what link was clicked and what search term was used. Used by Google Analytics.
More information
Google Analytics cookies are classified as first party cookies as they are set by our website domain, although Google collects and processes information from our use of Google Analytics. To find out more about how Google handles information collected from Google Analytics, see Google Analytics’ privacy policy, which is available here: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
For information on how Google uses data from cookies it uses, please visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
How to opt in or out from analytical cookies
See the section below entitled How to accept or reject cookies
To opt out of Google Analytics tracking across all websites in general, you can do so here: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Processing information about you contained in or obtained from analytical cookies
Legal basis for processing: we process information about you contained in or obtained from analytical cookies in our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interests: analysing how individuals use our website to help us improve our website and business. For further information on how we use the information gathered from our use of analytical cookies, including profiling, please see the section entitled Our use of automated decision making and profiling in our privacy policy, which is available here: www.jam.uk.com/privacy-policy
Targeting (or advertising) cookies
Targeting (or advertising) cookies record information about your visit to and use of our website, for advertising purposes. We use the targeting cookies for the following purposes on our website:
Name of CookieEssential or Non-essential?Type of cookieFirst or Third party?Session or Persistent?Expiry TimePurpose
01AINon-EssentialHTTPThird PartyPersistent1 yearUsed for gathering anonymous technical information regarding the user's browser, operating system, IP address and screen resolution as well as the user's navigation on the website.
How to opt in or out from advertising cookies
See the section below entitled How to accept or reject cookies
Processing information about you contained in or obtained from advertising cookies
Legal basis for processing: we process information about you contained in or obtained from advertising cookies in our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interests: displaying advertisements to you about our products and services to help improve customer experience on the website. For further information on how we use the information gathered from our use of advertising cookies, including automated decision making and profiling please see the section entitled Our use of automated decision making and profiling in our privacy policy, which is available here: www.jam.uk.com/privacy-policy
Legal basis for processing: consent (Article 6(1)(a) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Consent: you give your consent to the purposes for which we process your information using advertising cookies by helping us improve the content we serve on our website as well as improving user experience. You consent to us placing non-essential cookies on your computer or device by continuing to use our website with your browser settings to accept cookies.
For further information on how we use the information gathered from our use of advertising cookies, including profiling please see the section entitled Our use of profiling in our privacy policy, which is available here: www.jam.uk.com/privacy-policy
Third party cookies
Third parties use cookies to analyse your use of our website and/or to display advertisements (including third party advertisements) to you as well as conversion tracking such as Google AdWords, Facebook, AdRoll and LinkedIn.
Third party cookies used in relation to our website include:
Third party advertisement cookies. Google Adwords uses cookies to display advertisements to you on our website and on other websites based on your interests and behaviour and to measure their effectiveness. You can find out how Google Adwords uses your information and how they use cookies by accessing their privacy policy at https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/ and their cookies policy at https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/cookies/ . These cookies are: IDE, DSID, googleAdServingTest and matchgoogle.
[[Third party] OR [Google AdWords cookies]] [to track whether you have come to us via an advertisement we have placed on [a search engine results page] AND/OR [elsewhere across the internet, such as another website] and to record information relating to how you came to us such as your location when you accessed our website, the time of day you visited and the device you were using [and] [insert any other information collected about users e.g. by AdWords tracking or conversion cookies.] Google may use different cookies to track how you came to our website depending on what advertisement you clicked on and where.]
[[Third party OR Google]] [remarketing cookies] [to display advertisements to you about our goods and services across the internet, including on other websites you visit. [Google uses cookies to display advertisements to you about our products and services on other websites and locations across the internet based on the fact that you have visited our website. Google may also display other advertisements across the internet to you about third party services using the Google AdSense network, although this is beyond our control. [For more information about Google remarketing, click here: https://support.google.com/adwords/answer/2453998?hl=en]
[[Third party] OR [Google]] cookies [to display advertisements on our website]. [We use Google AdSense on our website. Google uses cookies to display advertisements to you on our website about third party goods and services based on the websites you have visited and your online behaviour and interests. For more information about Google AdSense, click here: https://support.google.com/adsense/answer/6242051?hl=en ]]
More information
For information about the cookies Google uses in relation to the above, see the ‘Advertising’ section on the Types of cookies used by Google page in Google’s cookies policy, which is available here: https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/types/
For information about how Google uses data from cookies for its own purposes, please visit the following link http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
How to opt in or out from third party cookies
See the section below entitled How to accept or reject cookies
Processing information about you contained in or obtained from third party cookies
[Legal basis for processing: we process information about you contained in or obtained from third party cookies in our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interests: the purposes for which we use the third party cookies as described above For further information on how we use the information gathered from our use of third party cookies, including profiling, please see the section entitled Our use of automated decision making and profiling in our privacy policy, which is available here:
AND/OR
[Legal basis for processing: consent (Article 6(1)(a) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Consent: you give your consent to the purposes for which we process your information using third party cookies by [insert method by which a user consents to your use of third party cookies e.g. by clicking I accept the purposes for which you use advertising cookies in our cookie tool (describe the mechanism by which the user consents to the purposes for which you use advertising cookies on your website)]. [For further information on how we use the information gathered from our use of third party cookies[, including profiling please see the section entitled Our use of profiling in our privacy policy, which is available here: www.jam.uk.com/privacy-policy
Other technologies
Web beacons
We [and any marketing companies we use] also embed web beacons [in our marketing emails [and/or] on our website]. Web beacons are small GIF image files which enable us to track your receipt of our marketing emails, how often you view our adverts or website pages, your location, IP address and browser information. Web beacons are activated whenever you open a marketing email or access a page on our website which contains a web beacon. Web beacons transmit data when you view them but are not capable of accessing any other information on your computer. Web beacons are not stored on your hard drive unless you download a GIF image containing them.
Some (but not all) browsers enable you to restrict the use of web beacons by either preventing them from sending information back to their source (for example, when you choose browser settings that block cookies and trackers), or by not accessing the images containing them (for example, if you select a ‘do not display images (in emails)’ setting in your email server).]
How to opt in or out
See the section below entitled How to accept or reject cookies
Legal basis for processing: we process the information we gather from the use of web beacons in our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest: analysing the effectiveness of our email marketing campaigns and/or [insert purpose of use of web beacons if you use them on your website in addition to email marketing. For further information on how we use the information gathered from our use of web beacons, including profiling please see the section entitled Our use of automated decision making and profiling in our privacy policy, which is available here: www.jam.uk.com/privacy-policy
How to accept or reject cookies
There are a number of different ways in which you can accept or reject some or all cookies. Some of the main methods of doing so are described below:
You are welcome to block the use of some or all of the cookies we use on our website. However, please be aware that doing so may impair our website and its functionality or may even render some or all of it unusable.
You should also be aware that clearing all cookies from your browser will also delete any cookies that are storing your preferences, for example, whether you have accepted cookies on a website or any cookies that are blocking other cookies.
You can find more detailed information about cookies and adjusting your browser settings by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org
Accepting or rejecting cookies
Cookie control tool
Browser settings
You can accept or reject some or all cookies (for example, blocking all third party cookies) by adjusting your browser settings. If you do not know how to do this, the links below set out information about how to change your browser settings for some of the most commonly used web browsers:
Google Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en-GB
Mozilla Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-browsing-search-download-history-firefox?redirectlocale=en-US&redirectslug=Clear+Recent+History
Microsoft Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/278835/how-to-delete-cookie-files-in-internet-explorer
Apple Safari: https://support.apple.com/kb/PH5042?locale=en_US
Some browsers, such as Chrome and Firefox, allow you to change your settings to browse in ‘incognito’ mode, limiting the amount of data placed on your machine and automatically deleting any persistent cookies placed on your device when you finish your browsing session. There are also many third party applications which you can add to your browser to block or manage cookies.
Existing cookies
To clear cookies that have previously been placed on your browser, you should select the option to clear your browsing history and ensure that the option to delete or clear cookies is included when you do so.
Google Adsettings
You can manage and opt out of personalisation of advertisements by Google by visiting Google’s ad settings page here https://adssettings.google.com/ and by:
unticking the button entitled ‘Also use Google Account activity and information to personalize ads on these websites and apps and store that data in your Google Account’; and
switching the ‘Ads Personalisation’ setting off (i.e. by ensuring the switch at the top of the page is set to the left/grey and not the right/blue).
Alternatively, you can install a free browser plugin here: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
You can opt out of Google Analytics tracking by installing the browser add-on which is available here: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Web beacons
Disconnect for Facebook
You can install a browser add-on tool called ‘Disconnect Facebook pixel and FB tracking’. This will stop Facebook tracking you on third party websites. You can install the too here:
For Chrome: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/disconnect-facebook-pixel/nnkndeagapifodhlebifbgbonbfmlnfm?hl=en
For Firefox: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-GB/firefox/addon/facebook-disconnect/
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance Tool
You can opt out of Facebook and other companies that participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe from showing you interest based ads by visiting http://www.youronlinechoices.com, selecting your country, clicking ‘Your Ad Choices’, then locating Facebook (and any other companies you want to block) and selecting the ‘Off’ option.
Copyright, credit and logo
This Cookies Policy is based on a template provided by GDPR Privacy Policy. For further information, please visit https://gdprprivacypolicy.org
The copyright in this Cookies Policy is either owned by, or licensed to, us and is protected by copyright laws around the world and copyright protection software. All intellectual property rights in this document are reserved. Where we display the GDPR Privacy Policy logo on our website, this is used to indicate that we have adopted a privacy policy template provided by GDPR Privacy Policy as the basis for this Privacy Policy.