http://www.grahamsweet.com/shop/privacy.php
tel: +44 (0)29 20 522 510
+44 (0)29 20 522 510>
search
Graham Sweet Studios
Main Menu
Shop
Christmas Display Props
Valentines Props
Polystyrene 3D Shapes ( eggs etc..)
Polystyrene Balls
Polystyrene Cones
Spring/Summer Display Props
Polystyrene SALE letters / signs
Clear Plastic Balls & Shapes
Photo Gallery
Information
vacancies
About Us
Blog
International
Shipping
Returns
Privacy & Cookies
Terms & Conditions
Health & Safety
Contact
Contact Details
Facebook
Twitter
Bespoke
Product Range
Christmas Display
Christmas Index
polystyrene snowflakes
Baubles
VM Display Shelves
Stars
Reindeer
Snowmen
Snowballs
Christmas Trees
Penguins
Clear Plastic Balls and Shapes
3D Letters
Polystyrene Letters
Wooden Letters
Cardboard Letters
Information
Size & Font
Custom Bespoke Logos
Fixings & Stands
photo Gallery
Available Finishes
Finishes index
Plain white polystyrene
Painted
Glittered
Acrylic Faced
MDF Faced
Vinyl Faced
Special Finishes
Valentines
Easter
Summer
Polystyrene Balls, Eggs & Shapes
Polystyrene Balls
Polystyrene Eggs
Polystyrene Cones
Clear Plastic Balls and Shapes
Craft / Hobby supplies
Clear Plastic balls & shapes
Clear Plastic Balls
Photos
Price and Order Individual Pieces
Price&Order by the box
Hearts - Price & Order
Eggs - Price & Order
Christmas Items - Price & Order
Full range
Seasonal Props
Halloween
Christmas
Valentines
Easter
Summer
RUSTLITE
Imitation Chain
Towel Folders
Fabric Drapers
Technical Cutting
Polystyrene Heads
Home
Home
Phone
e-mail
Search
Shop:
Christmas
Balls
Letters
Shapes
Clear Plastic
Valentines
Easter
Summer
Towel Folders
Fabric Drapers
Accesories
Popular Pages:
Christmas
Snowflakes
Bespoke
3D Letters
Balls
Blog
Christmas
Valentines
All Catagories:
Poly Letters
Christmas
Wooden Letters
Imitation Rocks
Summer
Clear Balls
Halloween
Valentines
Easter
Eggs
ind sculptures
Towel Folders
Fabric Drapers
Tech Cut..
Bespoke
Craft
Social:
Pinterest
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Information:
Home
Phone
e-mail
Search
Cart
Photos
search
Close
Covid-19 Update 09/11/2020 : We are open for business as usual
Shop
>
Privacy and Cookie Notice
Cart Contents |
My Account
Shop
>
Privacy and Cookie Notice
Cart Contents Checkout My Account
Shop    Privacy and Cookie Notice
Categories Christmas Props->Polystyrene Balls->Polystyrene Letters->Polystyrene Shapes->Clear Plastic Shapes->Valentines Props->Easter Display Props->Summer Display Props->Towel FoldersFabric DrapersPolystyrene HeadsFlu BugsPre-arranged OrdersAccessories->
Quick Find
Information
Shipping & Returns Privacy Notice Conditions of Use Contact Us
We Accept
Shopping Cart 0 items
Currencies
Pounds SterlingEuroU.S. Dollar
Privacy and cookie Notice
Last updated 23/09/2020
This privacy policy sets out how Graham Sweet (Graham Sweet Studios, Us, We
) uses and protects any information that you give when you use this website.
Graham sweet Studios is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified
when using our website, it will only be used in accordance with this privacy
statement. This policy may change from time to time, so you should check this
to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
Who are we?
This website is owned by Graham Sweet, trading as "Graham
Sweet Studios" / "Poly Craft Supplies" / "Polystyrene Balls
UK" / also referred to in this policy as "we" and "us".
Registered Address:
Unit 7 Clos Menter.
Excelsior Industrial Estate.
Cardiff.
CF143AY.
Tel: 029 20 522 510.
Email: sales@grahamsweet.com
VAT number: 135 9115 73
What personal information do we collect / hold
Information that you provide to when ordering or making and enquiry, such
as your name, address, telephone number(s), email address, bank account
and credit / debit card details.
Information about any enquiries you have made with us, or products you
have purchased from us.
Your shop account login user name, password, and any other details you
enter.
Information about any device you use to access our website(s), and how
you use them. Including: device type, IP address, operating system, screen
size, what pages you visit.
We use Google analytics to monitor visitors to our website. This enables
us to know how many visitors we get, how long they stay, where they are
from, and what pages they visit. They also record things like your operating
system, IP, and screen resolution - which helps us improve our website experience
for customers. This information is gathered by and stored by Google, and
accessible by us. For more information on how google uses this data please
see here : https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
We use tawk.to, who provide us with our online chat services. This service
also collects your IP address and geographic collation. Should you choose
to enter your name and email address into the chat window this will also
be logged, along with any other information that you enter. PLEASE DO NOT
ENTER ANY SENSITIVE INFORMATION - PAYMENT CARD INFORMATION ETC INTO A CHAT
WINDOW. WE WILL NEVER ASK YOU FOR THIS OVER CHAT.
FACEBOOK Pixel.
We use the “visitor event pixels” from Facebook Inc
(1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA, or, if you are based in the EU, Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour,
Dublin 2, Ireland (“Facebook”)) on our website.
This allows user behavior to be tracked after landing on our website, after clicking on a facebook add.
This enables us to measure the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes.
It also alows us to taget facebook ads at people that have visited our website.
The data collected in this way is anonymous to us, so we do not see the personal data of individual users. However,
this data is stored and processed by Facebook.
Facebook may link this information to your Facebook account and also use it for its own promotional purposes, in accordance with Facebook’s Data Usage Policy https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/.
You can allow Facebook and its partners to place ads on and off Facebook. A cookie may also be stored on your computer for these purposes.
You can object to the collection of your data by Facebook pixel, or to the use of your data for the purpose of displaying Facebook ads by contacting the following address: https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads.
What do we do with the personal information we collect / hold?
Process and deliver your orders. (name, address etc..)
Take payment from you or give you a refund. ( card details )
Make our products and services available to you.
"Prevent fraud.
Market research.
For statistical analysis.
Record keeping and accounting.
Contact you about relevant products and services from us. ( when you
order from us, enquire with us, or sign up to our online mailing list, we
may from time to time send you marketing emails relevant you the products
you have purchased from us or enquired about. If you would prefer not to
have any marketing emails from us please email: unsubscribe@grahamsweetstudios.co.uk
and we will add you to our do not send list. This will not affect transactional
emails etc.. )
Who do we share it with?
We do not share you information with any third parties other
than those needed to complete your orders, for our own marketing purposes, for
our own record keeping and accounting purposes, or where required to by law.
When making a payment online - your details will be shared with Sage, and Barclays
/ PayPal (depending on your chosen option )
Our website, email and data hosts will have access to your data.
When we send your order to you, your information will be shared with the relevant
delivery companies.
You information may be shared with a marketing company employed by us to carry
out marketing on behalf of us.
Our online chat is provided by tawk.to and any information entered into a chat
window is stored on their secure servers.
As mentioned above, information about your device etc will be shared with Google
Analytics, and facebook.
The Legal basis for collecting and processing your data
The law on data protection & GDPR sets out a number of different reasons
in which a company can collect and process your personal Data:
Consent: In some instances, we can collect and process your data with your consent.
When you sign up to our mailing list, for example, you are giving us consent
to send you marketing emails.
Contract: Sometimes, we will need your personal data to comply with our contractual
obligations. For example, when you place an order with us, we will need to collect
and process your contact details and address etc..
Legal obligation: In some situations, the processing of your personal data is
necessary for you to comply with the law. This includes record keeping for tax
purposes, and also law enforcement - For example, we may pass on details of
individuals involved in criminal activity to law enforcement. .
Legitimate interest: In some instances, we process your data for
our legitimate interests in ways that you would reasonably expect as part of
the running of the business, and which have a minimal impact on your privacy,
and does not materially impact your rights, freedom or interests. For example,
we may use your purchase history to send you offers and updates. If you have
purchased from us, or made enquiries with us, we may use your information to
send you direct marketing that may be of interest to you - based upon your purchase
or enquiry history.
Keeping you informed
We ( or a marketing company employed by us working on our behalf
) may from time to time contact you about products offers that may be relevant
to you.
This may be by telephone, mail, email and SMS, using the details you provide.
If you don*t want to be contacted product updated and news, or other marketing
purposes, please email unsubscribe@grahamsweetstudios.co.uk and let us know.
We can then update your details.
How to access and update your information.
Under the GDPR, you, in many circumstances have the right to
access and/or update the personal information we hold on you. This is often
referred to as a *Subject Access Request*. If we agree that we are obliged to
provide the personal information to you, we will do so free of charge.
Before providing personal information to you we may ask for proof of identity
and information about your interactions with us so we can locate your personal
information, and ensure we are giving it to the right person.
If any of the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate or out of
date, you can ask us to update it.
If you would like to access or update your data, please email sales@grahamsweet.com
or call us on 029 20 522 510, or write to use at:
Data protection. Graham Sweet Studios. Unit 7 Clos Metner, Excelsior Ind est,
Cardiff CF143AY.
Your right to stop or limit our processing of your data and your
right to be forgotten.
You have the right to ask us to stop or limit the processing of your
data by us. You also have the right to ask us to delete any personal data
we hold on you that we are not required by law to keep records of.
In Summary, you have the right to ask us to:
Show you what personal data we have of yours.
Update your personal details.
Stop, or change the way we send you marketing emails / calls / sms.
Delete your online store account.
Delete any personal data we hold on you that we are not required by law
to keep records of.
If you would like more information on any of this, please email sales@grahamsweet.com
or call us on 029 20 522 510, or write to use at:
Data protection. Graham Sweet Studios. Unit 7 Clos Metner, Excelsior Ind est,
Cardiff CF143AY.
How long will we keep your information for?
We will always retain your personal information in accordance
with law and regulation and never retain your information for longer than is
necessary.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest.
However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that
we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be
responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide
whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to
the website in question.
Security
We take security measures to safe guard the information we hold. These include:
Restricting access to the buildings where we hold information.
Ensuring any data that leaves these buildings is strongly encrypted.
Securing access to our website using *https* technology.
We do not process card payments online ourselves - this is all through
sagepay. However, any card holder data we take over the phone is secured.
Cookies
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may
prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps
us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor
it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis
purposes. "This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service
provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies",
which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how
users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of
the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by
Google on servers. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating
your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators
and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to
do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Googles
behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by
Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings
on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able
to use the full functionality of this website.
By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google
in the manner and for the purposes set out above." Overall, cookies help
us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages
you find useful and which you do not.
A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about
you, other than the data you choose to share with us. We only use cookies that
we feel are essential for the running of the website, and do not use cookies
that track your internet use for advertising etc.
Please see below list of cookies used on this site.
For information on how to block / allow cookies please see : https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/online/cookies/
Cookie Name
Description
_ga
Google Analytics - Google Analytics uses this cookie name. Not exactly phone tapping -
_gid
Google Analytics - Google Analytics uses this cookie name. Not exactly phone tapping -
_gat
Google Analytics - Google Analytics uses this cookie name. Not exactly phone tapping -
TawkConnectionTime
Tawk.to live chat
ss
Tawk.to live chat
tawkUUID
Tawk.to live chat
__tawkuuid
Tawk.to live chat
Tawk_5a65e2b64b401e45400c48e1
Tawk.to live chat
__cfduid
Tawk.to live chat - statistics
cookieconsent_dismissed
Cookie warning panel
_pinterest_cm
Used by the pinteres "pin this" button in our online store.
cookie_test
Used by the cookie banner
osCsid
Used by our on line store to remember what is in your basket.
__stripe_mid
are used by mail-jet. This powers our newsletter signup form.
_pk_id.139.7efc
Continue
Quick Find
Information
Shipping & Returns Privacy Notice Conditions of Use Contact Us
We Accept
Shopping Cart 0 items
Currencies
Pounds SterlingEuroU.S. Dollar