http://www.galilmc.com/about/privacy
Skip to main content
Home Motion ControllersEthernetDMC-40x0DMC-41x3DMC-42x0DMC-21x5EtherCATDMC-500x0DMC-52xx0PCIDMC-18x6DMC-18x2Single-axisDMC-3x01xProduct ComparisonCustomizationsAmplifier and Drive OptionsSoftwareMotorsPower SuppliesCablesPrior GenerationAccessories PLCsRemote I/ORIO-471xxRIO-4720xRIO-47300EtherCATRIO-574x0Product ComparisonCustomizationsAccessoriesSoftwarePower SuppliesCablesPrior GenerationEtherCATMasterDMC-500x0DMC-52xx0Smart DriveEDD-3701xRemote I/ORIO-574x0 DownloadsSoftwareManuals and Data SheetsAPIFirmwareCAD DrawingsProduct Catalog LearnSample DMC CodeOnline VideosApplication NotesAPI ExamplesForumCustomer StoriesClassesFAQsWebinarsWhite Papers OrderOrder StatusPart Number GeneratorsFind Reps and DistributorsPrice GuaranteeRMA RequestFind the Right ProductProduct RegistrationTraining Sign Up NewsServoTrendsGalil in the NewsPress ReleasesWhat's New at Galil AboutContact UsISO CertificationWork for Galil
Privacy Statement
You are here:Home
Galil Motion Control Privacy Policy
Overview
Galil Motion Control (the "Company") recognizes and respects the privacy of users of the Website. The following privacy policy, as modified from time to time by us as described below (the "Policy"), tells you about the information that the Company collects through the Website, how we use that information and how you can opt out of certain uses of information we may collect. If you access the Website you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this Policy, as modified from time to time by us.
Effective Date and Updates
This Privacy Policy is effective at 6:00 p.m. on January 5, 2009. The Company reserves the right to make changes to this Policy at any time, and will post any revised Policy on this page. You will know we have changed the Policy when you see a new effective date in the first sentence of this paragraph. The Company will not notify its Website visitors or customers of any such changes by e-mail or other personal contact. We encourage you to check the date of this Policy whenever you visit this Website so that you will know when you need to review the Policy for modifications.
Information The Company May Collect About You
We collect the following types of information on the Website:
Personal Information
is information that is used by the Company to identify you individually, such as your name and address.
Aggregate Information
is information that does not contain Personal Information or from which Personal Information has been removed. An example of Aggregate Information is information about use of the Website, such as pages visited on the Website. The actual information we collect from you depends on the services you use on the Website. The following is a more detailed explanation of some of the types and uses of information we collect.
Email Services.
If you provide us with your email address and opt in to any email notification features that the Company may now have or may develop in the future, you may receive email from time to time from the Company. Each email you receive from the Company will contain an "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email message which will provide you the opportunity to opt out of receiving future communications from the Company by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link and following the unsubscribe instructions.
Information Request Forms.
The Website contains various request forms that allow you to request information, products and services and to submit resumes to the Company. For instance, we may collect information such as your preferences regarding motion controller type. When we collect such information, we may share it with third parties, such as a Galil authorized representative or distributor, as is necessary to respond to your request.
Surveys.
From time to time, we may collect information through online surveys, questionnaires or information requests on the Website. These surveys may request demographic information (such as age range, gender, areas of interest) and customer feedback. Participation in such surveys, questionnaires or information requests is voluntary and with each request you will have the choice of whether or not to disclose information. We may use such survey information to analyze the Website and to improve users' overall experience on the Website.
Administrative Purposes.
We may collect and use information that identifies you personally when you submit comments, questions or suggestions through the Website. For example, if you submit questions to galil@galil.com or submit information requests we will use the information you provide to respond to you. We also may collect and use your information to contact you when necessary for other administrative purposes. If you do submit comments, questions or suggestions through the Website, please do not include confidential personal or financial information in such requests. Such e-mail will be maintained in accordance with our corporate e-mail and document retention policies.
Resumes.
If you submit your resume to us or complete a form related to a job opening on the Website, we may use the information to contact you, in our sole discretion, or we may store it in our files in a manner consistent with the way we store other information related to job applications.
Disclosure of Your Personal and Aggregate Information.
Personal Information. The Company will not sell or disclose your Personal Information without your consent except as set forth below.
Consultants.
From time to time the Company engages consultants that may need access to the information we collect to perform their services for us, such as administering our mailing lists. We require that our consultants keep Personal Information confidential and use it only in accordance with the service agreement between the Company and such consultant.
Transaction Processing.
When you complete an information request form or otherwise indicate to us that you want us to provide you with a product or service (such as a request to be included in mailings about our future projects), we share and maintain the data needed for you to receive the products or services you have requested.
Legal Requirements.
We may disclose your Personal Information if required to do so by law or if we believe that such action is reasonably necessary to: (a) conform with the law, respond to claims or comply with legal process served on the Company or the Website; or (b) protect and defend our rights or property, including the Website, our employees, guests or the public.
Company Sale.
Because information collected through the Website is a trade secret and asset of the Company, we may disclose or sell such information in the event we entertain the sale of the Company or some or all of its assets.
Employment.
If you submit a resume or other information to us in connection with a job opening at the Company, we may disclose or transfer Personal Information and any other information you submit to employees and consultants involved in the recruiting and hiring of job applicants.
Galil Representatives.
Galil works with a worldwide network of technical representatives and distributors. Galil may send your contact information to the representative that covers the geographic region where you are located.
Aggregate Information
The Company collects "Aggregate Information" about you and your use of the Website whenever you visit the Company online. For instance, the Company may collect various forms of "click stream" information such as entry and exit points for our Website (i.e., referring URLs or domains), site traffic statistics, page views, impressions, and operating system and browser type. In addition, when users request pages on the Website, the Company's servers automatically log the users IP address. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web. The Company may collect, compile, store, publish, promote, report, sell, or otherwise disclose or use any and all Aggregate Information. However, if the Company correlates any Aggregate Information to you, such information will be treated like Personal Information under this Policy.
Cookies
The Company may make use of "cookies" on the Website. Cookies are small text files that are stored on a user's computer by a web server based on the permissions set in a user's browser software. A cookie itself is not designed or intended to read any information from a user's computer (other than the contents of the cookie); rather, it is an identifier used by the website that originally placed it on your hard drive. The actual contents of the cookie information can be retrieved by the same server to identify the computer and subsequently to customize, monitor, or regulate the use of a site based on information stored in the cookie and the host server. Therefore, cookies only identify the user's computer to the website that may correlate other information, including personal information, with the cookie. Cookies allow the Company to automate access and data entry functions of the Website such as login information, correlate online ordering information for purchases, tailor the Website to your preferences or interests, or customize promotions or marketing. In addition, cookies allow us to track usage of the Website to determine which areas are useful or popular and which are not, thereby enabling us to improve and update the Website effectively.
Security
The Company uses reasonable efforts to store and maintain personal information to protect it from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction by any unauthorized party. If you are asked to provide financial information in connection with your request for the Company's products or services, such information will be collected through a secure internet connection using reasonable commercial security measures. We store no financial information or social security information on the Website. When we do transmit your data, we use only secure servers using current encryption technology to encode your data safely. We make reasonable efforts to attempt to prevent the unauthorized access of our systems containing personal data.
Breach of Security
In the event of a breach of our information system security that may compromise your personal financial information, we will promptly notify you of such breach at the e-mail address that we have on file for you. We reserve the right to reasonably delay such notification as may reasonably be necessary as part of any internal investigation or law enforcement efforts related to such breach.
Outside Links
While on the Website, you may be referred to web sites other than the Company's Website. A link from the Website to such a third party website does not imply endorsement of that site nor any ability to control that site's privacy practices. Be aware that third party websites may collect data and personal information and operate according to their own privacy practices. Therefore, you should carefully review the privacy policies of third party websites before submitting any Personal Information to them.
Opting Out, Removal of Personal Information and Contacting Us
Any time your provide us with Personal Information, the Website provides you the opportunity to opt out of receiving further communications from us. To opt out of receiving marketing information or to unsubscribe from any specific email service, email a request to galil@galil.com. If you have questions or concerns about this Policy, or the accuracy of any Personal Information we hold about you, please contact us at galil@galil.com. You may request removal of your Personal Information from our system(s) by contacting galil@galil.com. We will comply with your request except to the extent we are required to maintain your information in accordance with our document retention policies or applicable laws or regulations. If at any time you feel that the Company has not adhered to this policy, email us at galil@galil.com. We will do our best to respond promptly to your concerns.