https://www.copperandoptic.com/privacy-statement/
Home
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
View our Terms and Conditions
Copper & Optic Ltd is part of the Copper & Optic Ltd Group which includes Copper & Optic Ltd International and Copper & Optic Ltd Direct. This privacy policy will explain how our organization uses the personal data we collect from you when you use our website.
Topics:
What data do we collect?
How do we collect your data?
How will we use your data?
How do we store your data?
Marketing
What are your data protection rights?
What are cookies?
How do we use cookies?
What types of cookies do we use?
How to manage your cookies
Privacy policies of other websites
Charges to our privacy policy
How to contact us
What data do we collect?
Copper & Optic Ltd collects the following data:
Personal identification information including name, email, job positive and company.
How do we collect your data?
You directly provide Copper & Optic Ltd with most of the data we collect. We collect data and            process data when you:
Register online or place an order for any of our products or services.
Voluntarily complete a customer survey or provide feedback on any of our message boards or via email.
Use or view our website via your browser’s cookies.
How will we use your data?
Copper & Optic Ltd collects your data so that we can:
Process your order, manage your account.
Email you with special offers on other products and services we think you might like.
Respond to enquiries placed via the website contact form.
How do we store your data?
Copper & Optic Ltd securely stores all website enquiries with this website, this may include your name and email address. No other personal information is stored.
Marketing
Copper & Optic Ltd would like to send you information about products and services of ours that we think you might like, as well as those of our partner companies.
If you have agreed to receive marketing, you may always opt out at a later date.
You have the right at any time to stop Copper & Optic Ltd from contacting you for marketing purposes or giving your data to other members of the Copper & Optic Ltd Group.
If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please click here.
What are your data protection rights?
Copper & Optic Ltd would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access – You have the right to request Copper & Optic Ltd for copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that Copper & Optic Ltd correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request Copper & Optic Ltd to complete information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure — You have the right to request that Copper & Optic Ltd erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that Copper & Optic Ltd restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to Copper & Optic Ltd’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that Copper & Optic Ltd transfer the
data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email:
Call us at: 01782 275810
Or write to us:
Copper & Optic Terminations Limited
Unit 1, Stone Road Business Park,
55 Stone Road,
Stoke on Trent,
ST4 6SR
What are cookies?
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information. When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology.
For further information, visit allaboutcookies.org.
How do we use cookies?
Copper & Optic Ltd uses cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our website, including:
Understanding how you use our website
What types of cookies do we use?
There are a number of different types of cookies, however, our website uses:
Functionality — Copper & Optic Ltd uses these cookies so that we recognize you on our
website and remember your previously selected preferences. These could include what language you prefer and location you are in. A mix of first-party and third-party cookies are used.
Advertising — Copper & Optic Ltd uses these cookies to collect information about your visit to our website, the content you viewed, the links you followed and information about your browser, device, and your IP address. Copper & Optic Ltd sometimes shares some limited aspects of this data with third parties for advertising purposes. We may also share online data collected through cookies with our advertising partners. This means that when you visit another website, you may be shown advertising based on your browsing patterns on our website.
How to manage cookies
You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and the above website tells you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.
Privacy policies of other websites
The Copper & Optic Ltd website contains links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.
Manage Cookies
Changes to our privacy policy
Copper & Optic Ltd keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 31st October 2019.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about Copper & Optic Ltd’s privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Email us at: sales@copperandoptic.com
Call us: +44 (0)1782 275810
Or write to us at:
Copper & Optic Terminations Limited
Unit 1, Stone Road Business Park,
55 Stone Road,
Stoke on Trent,
ST4 6SR
Upload your technical drawings and talk to our team
Upload Your Technical Drawing
Manage Cookie Settings
Copper & Optic uses cookies and other tracking technology to improve the performance of our site, analyse your use of it and measure our marketing efforts.
For more information and to read more about our privacy policy, please visit our Privacy Policy
Analytics cookies
Copper & Optic uses cookies and other tracking technology to improve the performance of our site, analyse your use of it and measure our marketing efforts.
For more information and to read more about our privacy policy, please visit our Privacy Policy.
Accept Cookies
Manage Cookies