https://www.puig.com/en/legal-terms
ABOUT US
WHO WE ARE
ETHICAL CODE
FINANCIAL RESULTS
GOVERNANCE
WORLDWIDE PRESENCE
MILESTONES
Puig is a third-generation family-owned fashion and fragrance business based in Barcelona.
The company has 26 affiliates and its products are distributed in more than 150 countries around world.
BRANDS
CAROLINA HERRERA
PACO RABANNE
JEAN PAUL GAULTIER
NINA RICCI
DRIES VAN NOTEN
ERIC BUTERBAUGH LOS ANGELES
L'ARTISAN PARFUMEUR
PENHALIGON'S
CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN
COMME DES GARÇONS PARFUMS
PRADA PARFUMS
ANTONIO BANDERAS PERFUMES
SHAKIRA PERFUMES
BENETTON PERFUMES
ADOLFO DOMINGUEZ PERFUMES
BRANDS PORTFOLIO
NINA ROUGE
A perfume to be crunched
JOIN US
SUSTAINABILITY
MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN AND CEO
SUSTAINABILITY PROGRAM TO 2020
2019 SUSTAINABILITY ACHIEVEMENTS
2014 - 2019 AT A GLANCE
As a family business with long-term vision, sustainability is a part of the Puig DNA and of the company’s way of doing business.
NEWS & PRESS
BRANDS FLASH
LATEST NEWS
PRESS RELEASES
CONTACT
CONTACT
EN
ES
FR
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
The website www.puig.com ("Website") is managed by the Spanish company PUIG, S.L., ("PUIG") with registered address at Plaça Europa, 46-48, 08902 L’Hospitalet de Llobregat (Barcelona, Spain), holder of Tax Identification Number B-62.059.498, recorded with the Commercial Registry of Barcelona at volume 32.009, folio 116, sheet number B-207.010.
Access to the Website
These terms and conditions (“Terms and Conditions”) regulate access and use to the Website in order to provide them with information on Puig and its products.
We therefore ask you to read carefully these Terms and Conditions every time you intend to use the Website, as these can be adapted and/or modified at any time. If you do not accept them, please refrain from using the Website and its content.
Use and operation of the Website
User undertakes to use the Website with due standard of care, as well as the information regarding the services contained therein, and to comply entirely with applicable legislation and these Terms and Conditions.
Moreover, user undertakes not to carry out any act that may damage and make the Website useless and/or overcharge the Website, or that may prevent, in any form, its usual use and operation.
User is informed that, in the event he/she may infringe these Terms and Conditions or, as the case may be, any other terms or conditions detailed on the Website, Puig is entitled to limit, suspend and/or terminate his/her access to the Website, adopting any technical measure that may be necessary for such purposes.
Puig makes its best efforts to keep the Website in good working order, prevent errors or remedy them, if they arise, amend them, and keep the contents of the Website up-to-date. However, Puig does not warrant the availability or continued access to the Website, that there are no errors in its contents or that its contents are up-to-date.
Puig reserves the right to change, delete or update the information included in the Website, as well as its layout or presentation, at any time, without giving prior notice.
Liability
Users’ access to the Website and use of any information it contains, are solely carried out at his/her own risk.
Puig shall not be liable for any loss and/or damage that may arise, directly or indirectly, from access to or use of the information the Website contains and, especially, information on third parties other than Puig, including, but not limited to, the ones produced in the computer systems or the one arisen by the introduction of a virus and/or hacking, and shall not be held liable for the damages suffered by the users due to a inappropriate use of the Website nor the falls, interruptions, absence or fault in the communications.
In addition, Puig shall not be held liable for any damage or loss caused to Users’ software or hardware arising from access to the Website.
User shall be held liable of the damages and prejudices of any kind that Puig may suffer as a consequence of the infringement of any obligations that are subject to these Terms and Conditions and/or the law in force in connection with the use of this Website.
Policy on hyperlinks
a) Links to the WebsiteShould third parties wish to include in a website (“Linking Site”) a link to the Website shall necessarily obtain prior, express and written consent from Puig.
In any event, the authorization granted by Puig does not mean that the latter endorses, promotes, guarantees, supervises and/or recommends the content and/or services of the Linking Site nor is liable for its content.
The Linking Site shall comply with the law in force and shall not, in any way, house content of its own or of third parties that: (i) are unlawful, harmful or contrary to morals and good manners (pornography, violence, racism, degradation, etc.); and/or (ii) result inappropriate or not pertinent in connection with the brand Puig.
In the event of infringement of any of the above-referred terms, Puig shall, immediately, revoke consent granted to the Linking Site, who shall delete the said link.
b) Links to other websitesIt is possible to include links to the Website that allow the user to access other websites (“Linked Sites”).
In any event, the existence of Linked Sites will not imply recommendation, promotion, identification and/or approval of Puig with regard to the statements, content and/or services provided through the Linked Sites.
As a consequence thereof, Puig shall not be held liable for the content and/or conditions of Linked Sites, being the user the only responsible to verify and accept every time that he/she access and uses them.a) Links to the WebsiteShould third parties wish to include in a website (“Linking Site”) a link to the Website shall necessarily obtain prior, express and written consent from Puig.
In any event, the authorization granted by Puig does not mean that the latter endorses, promotes, guarantees, supervises and/or recommends the content and/or services of the Linking Site nor is liable for its content.
The Linking Site shall comply with the law in force and shall not, in any way, house content of its own or of third parties that: (i) are unlawful, harmful or contrary to morals and good manners (pornography, violence, racism, degradation, etc.); and/or (ii) result inappropriate or not pertinent in connection with the brand Puig.
In the event of infringement of any of the above-referred terms, Puig shall, immediately, revoke consent granted to the Linking Site, who shall delete the said link.
b) Links to other websitesIt is possible to include links to the Website that allow the user to access other websites (“Linked Sites”).
In any event, the existence of Linked Sites will not imply recommendation, promotion, identification and/or approval of Puig with regard to the statements, content and/or services provided through the Linked Sites.
As a consequence thereof, Puig shall not be held liable for the content and/or conditions of Linked Sites, being the user the only responsible to verify and accept every time that he/she access and uses them.
Intellectual Property
All copyright over designs, databases and software (including source codes), as well as all the elements contained in the Website (texts, graphics, photographies, videos, audible recordings, colors combinations, and so on) [“Content”], and its structure, selection and organization, are owned by Puig and/or its licensors. Website’s distinctive signs (trademarks and trade names) are owned by Puig and/or its licensors.
Use of the Website by the user does not imply the assignment of any intellectual right over the Website and the Content.
By these Terms and Conditions, the reproduction, transformation, distribution, public communication, public disposal, removal and/or any other unauthorized way of disseminating the Website, its Content and/or distinctive signs of Puig is expressly forbidden.
Unauthorized use of the content of this Website and any damage caused to Puig’s intellectual property rights may result in Puig taking whatever action to which it may be entitled by law, and in any liabilities that may arise thereof.
Privacy Policy
Who is the Data Controller?
The Data Controller is Puig and its contact data are indicated at the beginning of these Terms and Conditions.
For what purposes do we use/process your personal data?
We process all the information provided by the users in order to manage their requests and to send them communications (also by electronic means) about news or commercial offers that may be of their interest.
In the contact forms of the Website, it will be necessary for the user to fill in the fields marked as “mandatory”. Failure to provide all personal data required by Puig could imply incomplete attention to the requested application.
How long will we keep your personal data?
The personal data provided by the users will be kept as long as they do not request the deletion.
What is the legitimacy for the processing of your data?
The legal basis for data processing is the consent of the users who provides it by accepting this Privacy Policy.
To which recipients will your data be communicated?
The data may be communicated to other companies of the Puig for the same purposes above referred.
What rights do the users have when we process their personal data?
Any user has the right to obtain confirmation on whether Puig is processing personal data that concerns them or not.
The users can exercise their right of access to personal data, as well as request the rectification of inaccurate data or, where appropriate, request its deletion when the data is no longer necessary for the purposes that were collected.
The users may request the limitation, portability and opposition of their data, in certain circumstances and for reasons related to their particular situation.
The users may exercise the rights above referred, under the terms and conditions provided in the law in force, at the registered office of Puig or request it by email to info@puig.es.
In the event that the users do not obtain a satisfactory answer and wish to make a claim or obtain more information about any of these rights, they can go to the Spanish Agency for Data Protection (www.agpd.es - C / Jorge Juan, 6 from Madrid).
Cookies policy
The website uses cookies to enhance user experience. Below is some information on what cookies are, what type we use, how one can disable them and how to prevent third parties from installing cookies.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small files that some websites can install on your devices or terminals. They are automatic procedures that gather information about an internet user as they visit a particular website, in order to, among other things, recognize them as a recurrent user and then personalize their use, offer faster browsing, compile statistical information or store preferences or internet browsing habits.
Cookies are useful because they allow websites to work more quickly and flexibly and be more adaptable to your preferences, while helping website managers to improve the services they offer, thanks to the information that cookies gather.
Type of cookies
Browsing this website means that you accept the installation of the following types of cookies:
Analysis cookies
These are cookies that, when processed by Puig or by third parties, allow us to count the number of website visitors and statistically analyze the way that users use our services. They allow us to study how our website is browsed and to optimize it to meet our clients’ real needs.
Personalization cookies
These are cookies that, when processed by Puig or by third parties, save your preferences for certain tools or services so that you do not have to reconfigure them each time you visit the website. They are also used by programs that try to geographically pinpoint the location of the computer, smartphone, tablet or internet-connected TV.
Advertising cookies
These are cookies that, when processed by Puig or by third parties, allow the advertising spaces on the website to be efficiently managed, adapting the advert’s content to the content of the service requested or to the way you use the website. They help us to find out about your internet browsing habits and show you advertising related to your browsing profile.
Third-party cookies
On some of our pages third-party cookies may be installed that allow the services that they offer to be better managed and improved. An example of this usage is the links to social networking sites that allow our content to be shared.
The list below shows the Cookies, tags and other similar devises used by this website, together with information of the purpose, duration and management (proprietary and by third parties of each one of them:
_gatType: Persistent. Term: 1 minute. Purpose: Used to throttle request rate. Managing Entity: Third party (Google)
_gaType: Persistent. Term: 2 years. Purpose: Used to distinguish users. Managing Entity: Third party (Google)
_gidType: Persistent. Term: 24 hours. Purpose: Used to distinguish users. Managing Entity: Third party (Google)
cookies_noticeType: Persistent. Term: 1 month. Purpose: Save answer about accepting cookies. Managing Entity: Own cookies (Puig)
user_langType: Session. Term: User session. Purpose: Determines user browsing lang preferences. Managing Entity: Own cookies (Puig)
This information chart will be updated as quickly as possible as the services offered on this website change. However, the information chart may fail to include a cookie, tag or other similar device as a result of the update, though they will always be devices with identical purposes to those included in this chart.
Configuring your cookie preferences
If you would like to change the configuration of cookies on your browser, you can do so by reconfiguring the browser options. If you choose to disable all cookies, you may find that the use of some features may be restricted.
You can find information on how to change the cookie policies of various browsers as follows:
If you use Microsoft Internet Explorer, go to the View option, select Internet Options and then access Advanced Options.
If you use Netscape, go to the Edit option on the menu, select Preferences and access Advanced.
If you use Firefox, for Mac go to Preferences on the options menu, select Privacy and then Show Cookies, and for Windows go to Tools on the menu, select Options, then go to Privacy and finally Show Cookies.
If you use Safari, go to the Safari options menu, select Privacy, go to the Security
section and then Show Cookies.
If you use Google Chrome, go to the Tools option on the menu, select Options (Preferences in Mac), go to Advanced and then Content Configuration in the Privacy section, and finally click on Cookies in the Content Configuration box.
Applicable legislation and jurisdiction
Access to and use of the Website shall be governed and interpreted in accordance with Spanish law.
Any dispute arisen between Puig and the users of the Website shall be settled by the Courts and Tribunals of the city of Barcelona (Spain) and the parties expressly waive any other jurisdictions to which they may be entitled.