https://www.masonite.com/california-privacy-policy/
About Us
Investor Relations
News & Events
Press Releases
Career Page
Inside Our Culture
2020 Framework
View Positions
Contact Us
Help Line
Media Inquiries
Ethics & Compliance
California Consumer Privacy Policy
ZIP CODE:
Submit
Zip Saved!
Residential
Architectural
Search for:
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY POLICY
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY POLICY Last Updated: January 7, 2020
Masonite Corporation(“Masonite”, “Company,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) takes your privacy seriously. We want you to know how we collect, use, share, and protect your Personal Information and about the rights of California Consumers under California law.
This Privacy Policy addresses the following topics
The Scope of this Privacy Policy
The Company’s Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
Your California Privacy Rights
How to Exercise Your Rights
How We Will Verify Your Requests
Requests by Authorized Agents
The Company’s Non-Discrimination Policy
Your Right to Information About Disclosures of Personal Information for Direct Marketing Purposes
Your “Do Not Track” Browser Setting
Third-Party Links and Services
Minors Under 13 Years of Age
For More Information
Changes to This California Privacy Policy
Assistance For The Disabled
Alternative formats of this Privacy Statement are available to individuals with a disability. Please contact us at webmaster@Masonite.com for assistance.
The Scope Of This Privacy Policy
What Is Personal Information?
“Personal Information”. “Personal Information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular California Consumer or household.
Whose Personal Information Is Covered By This Policy?
This California Privacy Policy applies to the Personal Information of residents of the State of California in their capacity as consumers (“California Consumers”).
What Personal Information Does This Privacy Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy applies to all Personal Information of California Consumers that we collect both online and offline, including through California Consumers’ (a) visits to our website, and (b) use of our products, applications, or services that references this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Services”).
Whose Personal Information Is Not Covered By This Privacy Policy?
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “Consumer” does not include:
California residents who are Company’s employees, job applicants, directors,officers, or independent contractors (collectively, “HR Individuals”), or theemergency contacts of HR Individuals or the dependents or spouses who receive Company benefits by virtue of their relationship to an HR Individual in theircapacities as HR Individuals or emergency contacts, dependents, or spouses; or
California residents who are employees or other agents of a business engaged ina transaction with Company in their capacities as employees or agents of thatbusiness.
What Else Should I Know About The Company’s Handling Of California Consumers’ Personal Information?
Please read Masonite’s Terms of Use and Privacy policy available at https://www.masonite.com/about-us/privacy-legal, as they contain important information about your use of the Services. If you have any questions, please contact us using the information below.
The Company’s Collection, Use And Disclosure Of Personal Information
This section of the Privacy Policy describes, for the 12 months preceding the date last updated, above, (a) the categories of Personal Information we have collected about you, (b) the sources of that Personal Information, (c) the business and commercial purposes for use, and (d) the categories of third party recipients of your Personal Information. Unless we inform you otherwise, this section also serves as our “notice of collection” by informing your of your Personal Information to be collected in the future and the purposes for its use.
Categories Of Personal Information Collected
In the last 12 months, Company collected the following categories of Personal Information about California Consumers:
Identifiers, including: full name; address; email address; and telephone number.
Payment Information,including: payment method; credit card number, CVV /CID, expiration date; billing address.
Product Information, including: product name, serial number, place of purchase,product usage information, color, and version; product reviews.
Commercial Information, including: products and services purchased; shipping method for purchased products; information about products that you havereturned; marketing preferences including email marketing preferences.
Internet Or Other Electronic Network Activity Information, including: browserused, search requests and results, pages visited on Masonite’s websites and links clicked; IP address; language preferences.
Inferences, drawn from the categories of Personal Information listed above tocreate a profile reflecting a consumer’s preferences.
Purposes For Using Personal Information Collected
In the last 12 months, Companyused the categories of Personal Information listed above for the following purposes:
Categories of Personal Information
Purpose For Which Information Is Used
Identifiers
Payment Information
Product Information
Commercial Information
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
Inferences drawn from the categories of Personal Informationlisted above to create a profile reflecting a consumer’s preferences
To Provide Our Services
Identifiers
Commercial Information
Internet OrOther Electronic Network Activity Information
Inferences drawn from the categories of Personal Information listed above to create a profilereflecting a consumer’s preferences
To Communicate With Current And Prospective Customers, Including Responding To Questions About Our Services.
Identifiers
Product Information
To Communicate With Current And Prospective Customers About Our Services As Well As Promotions.
Identifers
Commercial Information
Internet Or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
Payment Information
To Protect Against Malicious, Deceptive, Fraudulent, Or Illegal Activity.
Identifiers
Commercial Information
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
To Audit Masonite’s Customer Interactions, Transactions, and Legal Compliance.
Commercial Information
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
Product Information
To Undertake Internal Research For Technological Development And Demonstration.
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
Product Information
To Undertake Activities To Verify Or Maintain The Quality Or Safety Of Our Services, And To Improve, Upgrade, Or Enhance Our Services.
Product Information
Identifiers
Payment Information
Product Information
Commercial Information
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
Inferences drawn from the categories of Personal Information listed above to create a profile reflecting a consumer’s preferences
Short-term, Transient Use.
Sources Of Personal Information Collected
In the last 12 months, Companycollected the following categories of Personal Information about California Consumers from the following sources:
Directly From California Consumers: (a) Identifiers, (b) Commercial Information, (c) Payment Information, (d) Product Information; (e) Inferences
5drawn from the aforementioned categories of Personal Information provided by the consumer.
Data Collection Technologies(described above): Internet Or Other Electronic Network Activity Information.
Disclosure Of Personal Information To Third Parties
In the last twelve months, Masonite disclosed the following categories of Personal Information about California Consumers for a business or commercial purpose to our affiliates and to customers, suppliers, or others involved in the distribution chain to provide the products or services that have been requested by the California Consumer.
Category of Personal InformationCategory of Third Party
Identifiers
Affiliates
Government agencies, lawenforcement, and other parties as required by law, including inlitigation
No Sale Of Personal Information
Masonite does not and will not sell California Consumers’ Personal Information.
Your California Privacy Rights
Right to Know
California Consumers have the right to submit a verifiable request to know:
The categories and specific pieces of Personal Information that Company has collected about them;
The categories of sources from which Company collected the Personal Information;
The categories of Personal Information that Company sold or disclosed to a third party (other than a service provider) for a business purpose and the categories ofrecipients of that information; and
The business orcommercial purposes for Company’s collection, disclosure, or saleof the Personal Information.
Right To Delete
California Consumers have the right to submit a verifiable request for deletion oftheir Personal Information that Company has collected from the Consumer.
Right to Opt Out of Sale of Personal Information
California Consumers have a right to opt-out of the sale of the Personal Information. However, as stated above, Company does not and will not sell Personal Information.
How to Exercise Your Rights
Masonite will respond to requests in accordance with applicable law if it can verify the identity of the individual submitting the request. California Consumers can exercise their rights in the following ways:
Complete the online request form available here: https://www.masonite.com/ccpa-form/
Contact by email here: webmaster@Masonite.com.
Contact by telephone: 1-800-663-3667.
Requests By Authorized Agents
You may designate an authorized agent to exercise your right to know or your right to delete by submitting to us a completed “Authorized Agent Designation” form. You can obtain the designation form by contacting us at webmaster@Masonite.com
If an authorized agent submits a request to know or a request to delete on your behalf, the authorized agent must submit with the request either (a) a power of attorney that is valid under California law, or (b) a document signed by you that authorizes the authorized agent to submit the request on your behalf. In addition, we may ask you to follow the applicable process described above for verifying your identity.
How We Will Verify Your Requests
The processes that we follow to verify that the person making a request to know or a request to delete is the person about whom we have collected personal information are described below. The relevant process depends on how and why the request is submitted.
Requests Through Your Password-Protected Account
If you created a password-protected account with us before the date of your request, we will rely on the fact that your request has been submitted through your account as verification of your identity. We will require that you re-authenticate yourself before we disclose your personal information in response to a request to know and before we delete your personal information in response to a request to delete.
You are responsible for protecting the security of your log-in credentials for your account. Please do not share your log-in credentials with anyone. If we suspect fraudulent or malicious activity on or from your account, we will not respond to a request to know or a request to delete until we have been able to confirm, through further verification procedures, that you made the request.
Requests Other Than Through A Password-Protected Account
If you submit a request by any means other than through a password-protected account that you created before the date of your request, the verification process that we follow will depend on the nature of your request as described below:
Requests To Know Categories Of Personal Information: We will match at least two data points that you provide with your request to know, or in response to our request for verification information, against information about you we already have in our records and that we have determined to be reliable for purposes of verifying your identity. Examples of relevant data points include your mobile phone number, your zip code, or information about products or services that you have purchased from us.
Requests To Know Specific Pieces Of Personal Information: We will match at least three data points that you provide with your request to know, or in response to our request for verification information, against information that we already have about you in our records and that we have determined to be reliable for purposes of verifying your identity.
Requests To Delete Personal Information: Our process for verifying your identity will depend on the sensitivity (as determined by Masonite) of the personal information that you ask us to delete. For less sensitive personal information, we will require a match of two data points as described in Point No. 1, above. For more sensitive personal information, we will require a match of three data points as described in Point No. 2, above.
We have implemented the following additional procedures when verifying the identity of requestors:
If we cannot verify your identity based on the processes described above, we may ask you for additional verification information. If we do so, we will permanently delete the verification information that you provide promptly after we have completed the verification process. We will not use that information for any purpose other than verification.
If we cannot verify your identity to a sufficient level of certainty to respond to your request, we will let you know promptly and explain why we cannot verify your identity.
The Company’s Non-Discrimination Policy
California Consumers have the right not to be subject to discriminatory treatment by Companyfor exercising their privacy rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, and Companywill not discriminate on that basis. However, Companymay charge a California Consumer a different price or rate or provide a different level or quality of goods or services if the difference is reasonably related to the value provided to the California Consumer by the Consumer’s Personal Information. If Company does so, it will provide Consumers with any legally required notice.
Your Right to Information About Disclosures of Personal Information for Direct Marketing Purposes:
Under California law, California Consumers can request information from us whether we have disclosed Personal Information to any third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. We will not sell consumer’s Personal Information to, or share it,with third-party companies for their direct marketing purposes.
Your ‘Do Not Track’ Browser Setting
This site collects personally identifiable information about your online activities over time. However,we do not collect personally identifiable information across third-party websites or online services, and third parties may not collect personally identifiable information about an individual’s online activities over time when an individual uses thisweb site.and across third-party websites or online services. We not support the Do Not Track (DNT) browser setting. DNT is a preference you can set in your browser’s settings to let the websites you visit know that you do not want the sites collecting your personally identifiable information. A visitor to this site has control over their individual settings on their browser application which may block collection of information, but we do not push any of these settings to the visitor.
Third-Party Links And Services
We provide links to third party websites operated by organizations not affiliated with Company. We do not disclose your Personal Information to organizations operating such linked third-party websites. We do not review or endorse, and are not responsible for, the privacy practices of these organizations. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of each and every website that you visit. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Company through the Services.
Minors Under 16Years of Age
We respect the privacy of children. Our Services are not designed to attract an audience younger than sixteen (16), and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under sixteen (16). If you are under the age of sixteen (16), you are not permitted to use our Services and should not send any information about yourself to us through the Services. Please contact us using the contact details below if you believe we may have collected information from your child under the age ofsixteen (16), and we will work to delete it.
For More Information
For questions or concerns about Company’s privacy policies and practices, please contact us at webmaster@Masonite.com.
Your current browser is not supported by this site.
×
Privacy MessageThis site uses first and third-party cookies to save information on your computer. Some of these cookies are essential for using our site, others help us improve your user experience, and some may be used for advertising purposes (targeting/advertising cookies). By continuing to use this site, you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. Click here to learn more about our cookie policy.Accept
large-barn
barn
large-entry
entry
large-interior
interior
large-bifold
bifold
export
contact
signout
large-export
large-contact
large-signout
logo
activity
airplay
alert-circle
alert-octagon
alert-triangle
align-center
align-justify
align-left
align-right
anchor
aperture
archive
arrow-down
arrow-down-circle
arrow-down-left
arrow-down-right
arrow-left
arrow-left-circle
arrow-right
arrow-right-circle
arrow-up
arrow-up-circle
arrow-up-left
arrow-up-right
at-sign
award
bar-chart
bar-chart-2
battery
battery-charging
bell
bell-off
bluetooth
bold
book
book-open
bookmark
box
briefcase
calendar
camera
camera-off
cast
check
check-circle
check-square
chevron-down
chevron-left
chevron-right
chevron-up
chevrons-down
chevrons-left
chevrons-right
chevrons-up
chrome
circle
clipboard
clock
cloud
cloud-drizzle
cloud-lightning
cloud-off
cloud-rain
cloud-snow
code
codepen
command
compass
copy
corner-down-left
corner-down-right
corner-left-down
corner-left-up
corner-right-down
corner-right-up
corner-up-left
corner-up-right
cpu
credit-card
crop
crosshair
database
delete
disc
dollar-sign
download
download-cloud
droplet
edit
edit-2
edit-3
external-link
eye
eye-off
facebook
fast-forward
feather
file
file-minus
file-plus
file-text
film
filter
flag
folder
folder-minus
folder-plus
gift
git-branch
git-commit
git-merge
git-pull-request
github
gitlab
globe
grid
hard-drive
hash
headphones
heart
help-circle
home
image
inbox
info
instagram
italic
layers
layout
life-buoy
link
link-2
linkedin
list
loader
lock
log-in
log-out
mail
map
map-pin
maximize
maximize-2
menu
message-circle
message-square
mic
mic-off
minimize
minimize-2
minus
minus-circle
minus-square
monitor
moon
more-horizontal
more-vertical
move
music
navigation
navigation-2
octagon
package
paperclip
pause
pause-circle
percent
phone
phone-call
phone-forwarded
phone-incoming
phone-missed
phone-off
phone-outgoing
pie-chart
play
play-circle
plus
plus-circle
plus-square
pocket
power
printer
radio
refresh-ccw
refresh-cw
repeat
rewind
rotate-ccw
rotate-cw
rss
save
scissors
search
send
server
settings
share
share-2
shield
shield-off
shopping-bag
shopping-cart
shuffle
sidebar
skip-back
skip-forward
slack
slash
sliders
smartphone
speaker
square
star
stop-circle
sun
sunrise
sunset
tablet
tag
target
terminal
thermometer
thumbs-down
thumbs-up
toggle-left
toggle-right
trash
trash-2
trending-down
trending-up
triangle
truck
tv
twitter
type
umbrella
underline
unlock
upload
upload-cloud
user
user-check
user-minus
user-plus
user-x
users
video
video-off
voicemail
volume
volume-1
volume-2
volume-x
watch
wifi
wifi-off
wind
x
x-circle
x-square
youtube
zap
zap-off
zoom-in
zoom-out