http://www.thefeeonlyplanner.com/legal-privacy-copyright-and-trademark-information
George Papadopoulos CPA/PFS CFP®
HomeServicesQualificationsWhy Fee OnlyFeesMedia InterestFormsContact
Home > Terms of Use and Important Disclosures
Terms of Use and Important Disclosures
Use of this website is governed by the following terms of use as by accessing this site you will be deemed to have agreed to them. These terms are subject to change without notice to you, so we recommend that you review them regularly. If you do not agree with these terms, do not use this site.
Terms of Use and Important Disclosures
George Papadopoulos, CPA/PFS, CFP® (or “Adviser”), is a Registered Investment Adviser registered with and regulated by the State of Michigan. The Adviser is limited to providing investment advisory services to residents of Michigan and other states where the firm may be registered or exempt from registration. The purpose of this Web site is to provide general information to the public and an efficient method in which a prospective client may contact George Papadopoulos, CPA/PFS, CFP®.
The Adviser does not render or offer to render personalized financial or investment advice through this medium. Therefore, the data provided herein is for informational purposes only and does not constitute individual financial, investment, tax, accounting or legal advice. Information herein, including any newsletter, blog, podcast, referenced story, or hyperlink does not constitute an offer to distribute or sell securities. Furthermore, information provided within this site should not be construed, in any manner whatsoever, as the receipt of, or a substitute for, personalized advice from George Papadopoulos, CPA/PFS, CFP®.
Investment management and financial planning generally look to the long-term. The general investment, financial and other information shown on this site are for illustration purposes only for review and consideration. Any changes in your financial situation or strategies you are contemplating should be brought to the attention of your Registered Investment Adviser.
The Adviser’s services are available only after a client’s receipt of the Adviser’s Form ADV Part 2 Brochure and the proper execution of a Client Agreement between a client and the Adviser. The Adviser’s current Form ADV 2 Brochure, which provides important information about the Adviser’s business operations, services and fees, is available from the Adviser upon request or is available via the United States Securities and Exchange Commission’s (“SEC”) AdviserCheck Web site.
The Adviser does not warrant or guarantee uninterrupted access to this site.  All products or services referred to herein are subject to change without notice. The Adviser has used its best efforts to obtain the most accurate and reliable information available but does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any information on or accessed through this Web site. Thus, no liability is accepted for any errors or omissions in such information, though if notified of any the Adviser will endeavor to rectify such.
The Adviser reserves the right, and at his sole discretion to change, modify, add or remove any portion of these terms in whole or in part, at any time and changes will be effective when notice of such changes is posted.
This Web site may contain links to other sites for the convenience of site visitors. By providing these links, the Adviser does not guarantee, approve or endorse the information or product(s) available on those sites nor does a link indicate any association between the linked site and the Adviser. While the utmost care is exercised in providing these links, the Adviser shall not be responsible for the content, security, availability and privacy practices used by these sites. The Adviser makes no representations as to the accuracy, timeliness, suitability, completeness or relevance of any information prepared by an unaffiliated third party incorporated herein and takes no responsibility therefore. If you click on a link within the Adviser’s pages or in an email, you understand that you will be connected to a Web site that is not affiliated with the Adviser and therefore the Adviser cannot be responsible for the site’s content and you are accessing a link entirely at your own risk.
Links from other Web sites to the Adviser’s home page do not require prior permission from the Adviser but deep linking into any other page of the Adviser’s site should not be effected without prior permission from us.
The trademarks, logos and service marks displayed on this site belong to the operators of this Web site and others. The owners of the marks on this site retain all rights in and to the marks. Nothing grants users the right to use, reproduce or display any of the marks. The Web site operator, affiliates and business partners each reserve copyright in all content that they provide to the site, including but not limited to design, text, software, drawings, graphics and other files. All page headers, button icons, collection material, custom graphics and all other types of graphics used on this site may not be copied or imitated without the right owner's permission. None of these may be republished, reproduced, downloaded, displayed, distributed, posted transmitted or sold in any form or by any means in whole or in part without prior written permission of the copyright owner. No part of this web site content may be reproduced and reused for any commercial purpose whatsoever.
The Terms of Use and all other clauses of this web site shall be governed by and construed in accordance with United States (“US”) Law. US courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction to resolve any dispute arising from communications and transactions arising from the use of this web site.
Privacy and Confidentiality
You acknowledge that the Owner collects and uses personal information for purposes of providing the services described on this site. The Owner is committed to respecting the privacy and confidentiality of information in accordance with applicable law. The Owner has established and will continue to maintain appropriate safeguards to protect the security and confidentiality of personal information. However, you acknowledge and confirm that the Internet is not a secure medium where privacy and confidentiality can be guaranteed and that complete security and confidentiality of transmissions to and from this site over the Internet is not possible at this time. Your confidential use of the site cannot be guaranteed and you acknowledge that your use of the site (including information you transmit to the site) may be subject to access or manipulation by, or disclosure to, third parties. Without limiting any other disclaimer herein, neither the Owner nor any third party shall be responsible or liable for any damages that you or any other person may suffer in connection with any such breach of privacy, confidentiality or security. If you are provided with a user name and password to access any part of this site, you agree to be liable for all uses of your user name and password, including unauthorized use without your consent and you acknowledge that the Owner shall not be responsible to confirm the actual identity or authority of any user. Instructions provided pursuant to such user name and password shall constitute sufficient authority to the Owner to execute any transactions directed there under. You agree to notify the Owner immediately should the confidentiality of your user name and password be in jeopardy.
E-mail security
The security of e-mail communication cannot be guaranteed at this time. Any person wishing to communicate or send information of a private or confidential nature to the Owner is encouraged to do so by other means.
General disclaimer
The Owner expressly disclaims all representations, warranties or conditions, express or implied, statutory or otherwise, including, without limitation, the warranties and conditions of merchantable quality and fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, timeliness, security or accuracy, and any representations, warranties or conditions that may arise from a course of dealing or usage of trade.
You assume full responsibility for risk of loss of any nature whatsoever resulting from your use of this site. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you acknowledge and agree that neither the Owner or any third party, shall be liable to you for loss of data, computer time or any loss or damage of any nature whatsoever arising out of or attributable in any manner whatsoever to your use or inability to use this site for any reason whatsoever or to any action or inaction on the part of the Owner or for any direct, indirect, special or consequential damages, even if the Owner has been advised of the possibility thereof, including but not limited to lost profits, lost opportunities or business revenues, loss of goodwill, or failure to realize expected savings.
Thank you for visiting.
Stay Connected
Twitter
LinkedIn
Tweets by @feeonlyplanner
SitemapTerms of Use and Important DisclosuresFinancial Links
Get in Touch
39555 Orchard Hill Place, Suite 600, Novi, Michigan 48375
734-929-6405   |   george@thefeeonlyplanner.com
Copyright © 2020 George Papadopoulos CPA/PFS CFP®. All rights reserved.