https://www.apexadv.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Apex Advertising Inc. values and respects our client’s privacy. Information collected through our website will be used exclusively by us for the sole purpose of product and/or service evaluation and improvement. We are the sole owners of the information collected, and only have access to the information you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We believe your email address is private information and we make assurances that we will not rent or sell this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, ex: to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new product offerings or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
We do not rent, sell, or share any customer information collected on our site. If you upload reviews or images, we may share this information across our other websites.
From time to time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation is completely voluntary, and you may choose whether to participate, and therefore whether to disclose the information. Contact information will be used to notify the winners and survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Our website(s) may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for compliance with other websites’ privacy policies or data collection practices.