https://www.easyoffices.com/us/terms
Hide MapOffOn
This site uses cookies to enhance your browsing experience. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.More InformationGot It
Workstyle
Co-working space
Meeting rooms
Virtual office
Business lounges
Places
Contact
Call 020 3504 1575
hello@easyoffices.com
Where do you want to work?
Get a quote for office space in We'll send you everything you need, from pricing and service costs, to availability and terms.
No. of people
1 person / 75 sq ft
2 people / 150 sq ft
3 people / 225 sq ft
4 people / 300 sq ft
5 people / 375 sq ft
6 people / 450 sq ft
7 people / 525 sq ft
8 people / 600 sq ft
9 people / 675 sq ft
10 people / 750 sq ft
15 people / 1125 sq ft
20+ people / 1500+ sq ft
30+ people / 3000+ sq ft
40+ people / 3750+ sq ft
50+ people / 4500+ sq ft
60+ people / 5250+ sq ft
70+ people / 6000+ sq ft
80+ people / 6750+ sq ft
90+ people / 7500+ sq ft
100+ people / 8250+ sq ft
Send
HOW CAN WE HELP YOU?
Fill in your details and we'll get back to you as soon as possible
CONTACT ME
Register your Workspace
All we need are a few details, then a member of our team will be in touch to finalise your registration.
REGISTER
Covid-19 | See what we're doing to make office space safer >
Get a Quote
Home >
United States
>
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Please read this carefully. By accessing the Easy Offices web site at www.easyoffices.com it shall be deemed to constitute full acceptance of the terms that appear below, whether or not you register as a user.
Introduction
Copyright and Users Rights
Limitation and Liability
Privacy Policy
Links
Advertising and Sponsorship
Competitions
Changes To Terms and Conditions
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
General
Introduction
This Site is owned and operated by Nuclei Ltd. As a user you will be able to access material on most areas of the Site without going through a registration process. Certain areas of the Site are only open to you if you register. There is no specific time limit applying to your access and use of the Site on these Terms. However, Nuclei Ltd reserves the right to suspend or terminate your access and use of the Site at any time. It may exercise this right with or without notice. If applicable, notice will be given to your e-mail address as notified to Nuclei Ltd.
Top
Copyright & Users Rights
All information provided through the Easy Offices website is the copyright of Nuclei Ltd. All copyright and other intellectual property rights relating to the infrastructure of the Easy Offices website, its design and internal organisation is the sole property of Nuclei Ltd. Unless expressly stated to the contrary by individual Website Owners the User may retrieve and display Content from the Site on a computer screen, print and distribute copies of information retrieved from the Easy Offices website provided the source and ownership of copyright in the information is expressly acknowledged on the copy. The User may not sell information retrieved from the Easy Offices website to any third party without the prior written agreement of the relevant Website Owner.
Except as expressly set out above, you may not reproduce, modify or in any way commercially exploit any of the Content. In particular, but without limiting the general application of the restrictions contained in the preceding sentence, you may not do any of the following without prior written permission from Nuclei Ltd.
Create a database in electronic or structured manual form by systematically downloading and storing all or any of the content.
Redistribute any of the Content, including by using it as part of any library, archive or similar service.
Remove the copyright or trademark notice from any copies of Content made under these Terms.
Top
Limitation and Liability
The Company shall have no liability for any act or omission beyond its reasonable control. You may not assign, sub-license or otherwise transfer any of your rights under these Terms.
The Company shall not be liable for any loss or damage (including consequential or indirect loss or damage, loss of profit, loss of revenue or anticipated savings and loss of or damage to data) arising directly or indirectly out of the use of, access to or suspension of access to some or all of the facilities of the easy offices website or out of any information or materials comprised therein. The Content is only for your general information and use and is not intended to address your particular requirements. In particular, the Content does not constitute any form of advice, recommendation or arrangement by easy offices and is not intended to be relied upon by users in making (or refraining from making) any specific investment or other decisions. Appropriate independent advice should be obtained before making any such decision. Any arrangements made between you and any third party named on this Site is at your sole risk and responsibility. The Company makes no representation and gives no warranty or condition express or implied with regard to the information included within the Easy Offices website including but not limited to the fitness of the information for any purpose whatsoever.
Top
Privacy Policy
Your Personal details that you provide to Nuclei Ltd will be used only in accordance with its Privacy Policy Statement. This includes:
Using your information for administration of the site and to make contact with you.
The disclosure of your information within easy offices website.
Disclosure referred to in our Privacy Policy Statement.
Note: The privacy policy statement does not apply to third party sites
Top
Links
The Site contains links to other World Wide Web sites provided by third parties, either directly or through frames. Where possible, Nuclei Ltd will make clear where such links are being made. Nuclei Ltd is not responsible for the availability or content of Third Party Sites and will not be a party to, or in any way responsible for, any transaction concerning goods or services available from such Third Party Sites.
Top
Advertising and Sponsorship
The Easy Offices website contains advertising, sponsorship and promotions from Third Parties. Advertisers and sponsors are responsible for ensuring that material submitted for inclusion on the Site complies with international and national law. easy offices will not be responsible for any error or inaccuracies in advertising material and content.
Top
Competitions
From time to time the Easy Offices website will run competitions, free prize draws and promotions. These are subject to specific terms and conditions relating to that particular promotion.
Top
Changes To Terms and Conditions
The Company reserves the right to change the content, presentation, user facilities or availability of any part of the site and make changes in the software used to access the site at its sole discretion. Due to the constant updating and improvement of the site, Nuclei Ltd may wish to change these Terms (including those relating to your use of the Content). When terms are changed, Nuclei Ltd will notify you by e-mail or by publishing details of those changes. If you use the Site after Nuclei Ltd has published or notified you of the changes, you are agreeing now to be bound by those changes. If you do not agree to be bound by those changes, you should not use the Site.
Top
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by, English law. All parties agree that the courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute which may arise out of, under, or in connection with these Terms, and for those purposes irrevocably submit all disputes to the jurisdiction of the English courts.
Nuclei Ltd shall retain the right to bring proceedings as to the substance of the matter in the courts of any other jurisdiction throughout the world.
Top
General
If any term of this Agreement is found to be illegal or unenforceable, the illegality of that provision will not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms, which shall remain in full force and effect.Failure by either party to exercise any right or remedy under this Agreement does not constitute a waiver of that right or remedy. Headings in these Terms are for convenience only and will have no legal meaning or effect.Easy Offices (UK) is a trading name of Nuclei Ltd., a company registered in England and Wales under number 3885236 whose registered office is at 2 A C Court, High Street, Thames Ditton, Surrey, KT7 0SR, United Kingdom.
Top
Quick links
Home
Contact Us BlogWhat are Serviced Offices?What is Co-working Space? Meeting Rooms
Virtual Offices
Sitemap
Popular Office Space LocationsPopular Coworking Space LocationsNYC office spaceNYC coworking spaceHouston office spaceDenver coworking spaceAtlanta office spaceAustin coworking spaceChicago office spaceSan Francisco coworking spaceDallas office spaceChicago coworking spaceDenver office spaceLos Angeles coworking spaceLas Vegas office spaceAtlanta coworking spaceLos Angeles office spaceBrooklyn coworking spaceAll
office space in the United StatesAll
coworking space in the United States
Latest Serviced Offices in the United States360 Rosemary Avenue, West Palm Beach5400 LBJ Freeway, Dallas15169 North Scottsdale Road, Scottsdale5956 Sherry Lane, Dallas1468 West 9th Street, Cleveland
Terms
Privacy
About
Twitter Facebook Linkedin
EasyOffices
International APAC
International EMEA
International LATIN
International US
Virtual Offices UK
Serviced Office
Virtual Office
Meeting Room
Managed Office
Shared Office
Hot Desk
Business World
Disaster Recovery
Main Sitehttps://www.easyoffices.com/us/termshttps://www.easyoffices.com/us/terms
We are dealing with your request please wait