http://www.natureswayfoods.com/privacy/
Skip to main content
Skip to main navigation
Skip to footer navigation
Natures Way Foods Website Privacy Notice
1. Important notice
This is the Privacy Notice of Natures Way Foods Ltd (NWF).
In this document, "we", "our", or "us" refer to NWF.
Data controller: Natures Way Foods, Park Farm, Chichester Road, Selsey, West Sussex,   PO20 9HP, Telephone: +44(0)1243 603111
We are company number 02896421, our registered office is at Park Farm, Chichester Road, Selsey, West Sussex, PO20 9HP
Our policy complies with UK law accordingly implemented, including that required by the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Please read the following policy to understand how we may use the personal data you provide or which we collect about you.
We may change the privacy notice from time to time by amending this page.
2. The personal data we collect
We may collect the following personal data about you:
Personal data you provide if you contact us via our website (for example: your name and email address, professional information/ your job title, etc.)
Information about your computer including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns and does not identify any individual.
The data will be retained and disposed of in line with NWF Data Retention Policy.
3. How we use personal data collected
We may use and process the personal data you provide for the purposes outlined below as well as for any purposes specified at the time of collection:
to send you information you have requested;
to deal with your enquiries;
to help us develop this website to be more useful to you;
for website user processing research or analysis including to collect statistics, responses to any surveys and questionnaires, traffic patterns and related site information. (We aggregate this data and it does not identify any website users);
4. Disclosure of your personal data
We may disclose the personal data to our selected third-party business partners to fulfill an order for products or services or respond to an enquiry.
We may disclose the personal data to our group companies and affiliates or third-party data processers who may process data on our behalf to enable us to carry out our usual business practices.
We may disclose your personal data to third parties in the following circumstances:
to undertake the activities listed above;
to conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process;
to assist in the investigation of suspected illegal or wrongful activity. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction;
to deal with any misuse of the website;
5. Your rights
As a data subject, you have a number of rights. You can:
access and obtain a copy of your data on request;
require NWF to change incorrect or incomplete data;
require NWF to delete or stop processing your data, for example where the data is no longer necessary for the purposes of processing;
object to the processing of your data where NWF is relying on its legitimate interests as the legal ground for processing; and
ask NWF to stop processing data for a period if data is inaccurate or there is a dispute about whether or not your interests override the organisation's legitimate grounds for processing data.
You can exercise this right by contacting us at Natures Way Foods Limited, Park Farm, Chichester Road, Selsey, West Sussex, PO20 9HP.
If you believe that NWF has not complied with your data protection rights, you can complain to the Information Commissioner.
6. Transferring personal data overseas
NWF will not transfer personal data to countries outside the EEA.
7. Links to other websites
This policy only applies to this website. If you link to another website from here, you should remember to read and understand that website’s privacy policy as well. We are not responsible for any use of your personal data that is made by other websites.
8. How users can contact us
If you have any questions about this policy, please contact the Compliance Officer at complianceofficer@nwfltd.co.uk or Park Farm, Chichester Road, Selsey, West Sussex, PO20 9HP.
9. Data collected from job applicants
As part of any recruitment process NWF collects and processes personal data relating to job applicants.  NWF is committed to being transparent about how it collects and uses that data and to meeting its data protection obligations.
9.1 What information does NWF collect?
NWF collects a range of information about you. This includes:
Your name, address and contact details, including email address and telephone number;
details of your qualifications, skills, experience and employment history;
information about your current level of remuneration, including benefit entitlements;
whether or not you have a disability for which NWF needs to make reasonable adjustments during the recruitment process;
information about your entitlement to work in the UK.
NWF collects this information in a variety of ways. For example, data might be contained in application forms, CVs or resumes, obtained from your passport or other identity documents, or collected through interviews or other forms of assessment, including online tests where appropriate.
NWF will also collect personal data about you from third parties, such as references supplied by former employers, information from employment background check providers. NWF will seek information from third parties only once a job offer to you has been made and will inform you that it is doing so.
Data will be stored in a range of different places, including on your application record (Cornerstone) in HR management systems and on other IT systems (including email).
9.2 Why does NWF process personal data?
NWF needs to process data to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract with you. It also needs to process your data to enter into a contract with you.
In some cases, NWF needs to process data to ensure that it is complying with its legal obligations. For example, it is required to check a successful applicant's eligibility to work in the UK before employment starts.
NWF has a legitimate interest in processing personal data during the recruitment process and for keeping records of the process. Processing data from job applicants allows NWF to manage the recruitment process, assess and confirm a candidate's suitability for employment and decide to whom to offer a job. NWF may also need to process data from job applicants to respond to and defend against legal claims.
Where NWF relies on legitimate interests as a reason for processing data, it has considered whether or not those interests are overridden by the rights and freedoms of employees or workers and has concluded that they are not.
NWF processes health information if it needs to make reasonable adjustments to the recruitment process for candidates who have a disability. This is to carry out its obligations and exercise specific rights in relation to employment.
If your application is unsuccessful, NWF will keep your personal data on file in case there are future employment opportunities for which you may be suited.
9.3 Who has access to data?
Your information will be shared internally for the purposes of the recruitment exercise. This includes members of the HR and recruitment team, interviewers involved in the recruitment process, managers in the business area with a vacancy and IT staff if access to the data is necessary for the performance of their roles.
NWF will not share your data with third parties unless your application for employment is successful and it makes you an offer of employment. NWF will then share your data with former employers to obtain references for you, employment background check providers to obtain necessary background checks, and the Disclosure and Barring Service to obtain necessary criminal records checks.
NWF will not transfer your data outside the European Economic Area.
9.4 How does NWF protect data?
NWF takes the security of your data seriously. It has internal policies and controls in place to ensure that your data is not lost, accidentally destroyed, misused or disclosed, and is not accessed except by our employees in the proper performance of their duties.
9.5 For how long does NWF keep data?
If your application for employment is unsuccessful, NWF will hold your data on file for 12 months after the end of the relevant recruitment process. If you agree to allow NWF to keep your personal data on file, NWF will hold your data on file for a further 12 months for consideration for future employment opportunities. This process will be repeated annually or until the point that you withdraw your consent, at which point your personal data is removed from our database.
If your application for employment is successful, personal data gathered during the recruitment process will be transferred to your personnel file and retained during your employment. The periods for which your data will be held will be provided to you in a new privacy notice.
9.6 What if you do not provide personal data?
You are under no statutory or contractual obligation to provide data to NWF during the recruitment process. However, if you do not provide the information, NWF may not be able to process your application properly or at all.
9.7 Automated decision-making
Recruitment processes are not based solely on automated decision-making.