https://www.bench.com/privacy-statement
Markets
Commercial Aerospace
Complex Industrial
Computing & Data Center
Defense
Medical
NextGen Telco
Semi-Cap Equipment
Capabilities
Innovation Capabilities
Connected Devices
Defense Systems
Embedded Electronics
Fiber Optics
Fluid Management
Free Space Optics
High Speed & RF circuits
Human-Machine Integration
Imaging
Mechatronics & Robotics
Miniaturization
Photonics
Power Management
Ruggedization
Space Systems
Surveillance & Threat Detection
Engineering Capabilities
Product Design & Launch
Rapid Prototyping
Electrical Design
Electro-Mechanical Design
Electro-Optical Design
Industrial Design
Mechanical Design
PCB Layout
Software Engineering
Design for Excellence
Automation & Test Design
Advanced Manufacturing
Mechanical & Precision Machining
Mechatronics
Microelectronics
PCB Assembly & SMT
System Build
Test
Shock Machine
Lifecycle Management
Product Design & Launch
New Product Introduction
Supply Chain Management
After Market Solutions
Sustaining Engineering
Technology Solutions
Lark Technology
High Performance Circuits
RF Design
Embedded Components
Cryogenic Computing
Substrate Materials
Integration and Test
Mixed & Hybrid
SMT
Functional Test
RF Components & Solutions
Tunable Filters
Multiplexers
Multifunction Assemblies
Amplifiers
High Power Products
Switch Filter Banks
Bandpass, Highpass, & Lowpass Filters
Filter Design Tool
Technical Documentation
Customer Support
Secure Technology
System-Enabling Solutions
Product Design & Launch
Sub-System Integration
Retrofitting
Re-design & Optimization
Engineering Capabilities
COTS Integration
Data Over Power
Design to Spec
Design Modeling
Technology Platforms
Integrated Surveillance Solution
Ruggedized Imaging Systems
Ruggedized Compute
Tranining Range Monitoring Systems
Manufacturing Capbilities
System Build
PCB Assembly & SMT
Information Assurance Manufacturing
Precision Technologies
Connected Technology
Advanced Technology
About
Our History
Locations
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Certifications & Registrations
Sustainability
Suppliers
Resources
Investors
Financial Reporting
Quarterly Results
Annual Report
Interactive Annual Report
SEC Filings
Stock Information
Interactive Chart
Historical Stock Price
Key Ratios
Analyst Coverage
Corporate Governance
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Committee Charter
Code of Conduct
Corp Gov Guideline
News Release
Investor Events
Investor FAQ's
Connect
Contact Us
Benchmark Blog
In The News
Events
Careers
Customers
Benchmark Markets
Engineering, manufacturing, and technology solutions for markets that demand high-reliability.
About
Our vision is to positively impact lives by solving complex challenges with our customers, creating innovative products that no one imagined were possible.
Investors
Bridging the gap between innovation and marketability
Connect
Your full solution partner of choice
Precision Technologies
From analytics to prototypes, precision engineering to production, assembly to supply chain management, our global team provides premier experience and complex machining.
Connected Device Technology
A flexible development team for connected devices that collect relevant, reliable data for smart city, medical, and complex industrial applications.
Advanced Technology
From analytics to prototypes, precision engineering to production, assembly to supply chain management, our global team provides premier experience and complex
Lark TechnologyDiscover a different type of magic
Secure TechnologySecure lab tested technology, with battle-tested durability
Precision Technologies Hone in on agility and accuracy
Connected TechnologyDevelop custom connected devices
Advanced TechnologyAccess tomorrow's technology today
Privacy Statement
Benchmark Electronics, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (collectively, “Benchmark”, “We”, or “Us”) strives to properly address applicable data protection requirements.
This Benchmark Electronics Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) provides the individuals who utilize our sites and services (the “Services”) with important information about how Benchmark handles their personal data. Benchmark Electronics, Inc. is the data controller for processing of personal data.
Types of Data Processed
Benchmark collects and otherwise processes the following types of data Benchmark collects and otherwise processes the following types of data:
Contact information, such as full name, email address, phone number, and address; and
Correspondence you send to us.
Information we collect automatically:
When you visit our Services, we automatically collect certain information, such as your computer's IP address, the type of browser in use, and pages viewed.  We use this information to understand how visitors navigate through our Services, to enhance your experience while using our Services, and to make the materials we post as valuable to visitors as possible.
We may use cookies, pixel tags, and similar technologies to automatically collect this information.  Cookies are small bits of information that are stored by your computer’s web browser.  Pixel tags are very small images or small pieces of data embedded in images, also known as “web beacons” or “clear GIFs,” that can recognize cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, a description of the page where the pixel tag is placed, and similar information from your computer or device.
We also use Google Analytics to help analyze where visitors go and what they do while visiting our Services. Google may also use anonymous information about your visits to this and other websites to improve its products and services and provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.  To learn more about how Google Analytics processes data, click here.
Use of Information
Benchmark generally uses the information we collect for several purposes, including:
to fulfill your requests for products, services, or support;
to contact you;
with your consent where required by law, to send you promotional materials;
to conduct research; and
to provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients.
Disclosure of Information
We may share or otherwise disclose the information we collect with the following categories of recipients:
Authorized third-party vendors and service providers. We share your information with third-party vendors and service-providers that help us with specialized services, including email deployment, business analytics, marketing, and data processing.
Corporate affiliates. We may share your information with our corporate affiliates.
Business transfers. We may share your information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of a website, a merger, consolidation, asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
Legal purposes. We may disclose information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, law enforcement requests, legal claims or government inquiries, and to protect and defend the rights, interests, safety, and security of Benchmark, our users, or the public.
With your consent. We may share information for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect the information or pursuant to your consent.
Data Security, Integrity, and Retention
Benchmark maintains reasonable security measures to safeguard personal data from loss, interference, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. You should understand that no data storage system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure.  Please note that information collected by third parties may not have the same security protections as information you submit to us, and we are not responsible for protecting the security of such information.Personal data will be retained only for so long as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out above, in accordance with applicable laws.
Your Choices
You may be able to refuse or disable cookies by adjusting your web browser settings.  Because each web browser is different, please consult the instructions provided by your web browser (typically in the “help” section).  Please note that you may need to take additional steps to refuse or disable similar technologies.  If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete these technologies, some of the functionality of the Services may no longer be available to you.
California Visitors. California residents are entitled once a year, free of charge, to request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure, if any, of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. We do not share personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes.
Third-Party Links and Content
Some of the Services may contain links to content maintained by third parties that we do not control.  The privacy practices of those third parties are controlled by their own privacy policies, which we suggest you review to understand how they process your personal data.
Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms. Some web browsers transmit "do-not-track" signals to websites. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them. We currently do not take action in response to these signals.
International Users
The Services are designed for and targeted to U.S. audiences and are governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the U.S. We make no representation that the Services are operated in accordance with the laws or regulations of any other nations.  By using the Services and providing us with information, you understand and agree that your information may be transferred to and stored on servers located outside your resident jurisdiction and, to the extent you are a resident of a country other than the United States, that you consent to the transfer of such data to the United States for processing by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we update the Privacy Policy, we will revise the “Effective Date” of the policy and post the new Privacy Policy.  We will also post a notice on our home page that this Privacy Policy has changed.
Contact Information
You can raise any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or our practices by contacting us at legal@bench.com.
Benchmark is here When It Matters.
Our mission is to be our customers’ trusted partner; providing comprehensive solutions across the entire product lifecycle; leading through our innovative technology and engineering design services; leveraging our optimized global supply chain; and delivering world-class manufacturing services.
Navigate
Blog
Markets
Capabilities
Solutions
About
Investors
Connect
Events
Sitemap
Careers
News Releases
Subscribe to the Benchmark blog
Subscribe to Setting the Benchmark blog
Recent Posts
Designing for Interplanetary Exploration
19 November, 2020
How Extended Reality Is Extending Innovation
9 November, 2020
© Copyright 2020 | All Rights Reserved. | +1.833.236.2400
Privacy Statement
California Act
Safe Harbor Statement