https://www.raintreeinc.com/terms-conditions
Skip to content
Terms & ConditionsMike Huber2015-07-06T10:36:25+00:00
Terms and Conditions (“Terms”)
Last updated: June 12, 2015
Please read these Terms and Conditions (“Terms”, “Terms and Conditions”) carefully before using the www.raintreeinc.com website (the “Service”) operated by Raintree Systems (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Raintree Systems.
Raintree Systems has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Raintree Systems shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of California, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Physical Therapy (PT, OT, ST)
Pediatric Therapy
Rheumatology
Behavioral & Mental Health
Raintree RCM
Billing Service Software
Pain Medicine
Pulmonology
Solutions
About Us
Partners
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Raintree webAPI Specifications
Terms & Conditions
Certifications
Raintree API Terms of Use
Sitemap
Careers
Blog
Events
Customer Portal
User Groups Site
Raintree FAQ
Toggle Sliding Bar Area
Welcome To Raintree Systems Thanks for stopping by.
Raintree makes Practice Management and EMR Solutions for specialty medical practices.
Our solutions are built from the ground up to make your job easier.
We know that you have a lot to do on a daily basis so our software helps you get more done, increase accountability in your office and streamline your operation.
Let us show you the Raintree Difference.
Don’t Settle For “Good Enough” Raintree Systems is recognized as the best EMR solution for specialty medical practices like Physical Therapy, Pediatric Physical Therapy, Rheumatology, Surgery Centers and Mental Health.
Our clients value the power of Raintree because our products give them unrivaled control over their practice- regardless of size.
Take a look around our site.
We think that you see why our clients love Raintree software.
We look forward to working with you!