http://www.craftbilt.com/privacy.aspx
Product Websites     Careers     Special Offers     Become a Dealer
American Manufacturer
www.CraftBilt.com
Our Canadian Partner
www.Craft-Bilt.com
We help America build.
HOME
HISTORY
PRODUCTS
AFFILIATIONS
IN THE NEWS
CONTACT US
Product Websites
|
Careers
|  Special Offers
|
Become a Dealer
Privacy Policy
General Privacy Policy Statement
At Craft-Bilt Manufacturing Company, we have a long tradition of integrity and service. These are a part of our Company's core values, and are reflected in the way we serve our customers each day. Craft-Bilt recognizes its obligation to its customers, community and online visitors to adhere to the highest standards of decency, fairness, and integrity in all its operations. Likewise, Craft-Bilt is dedicated to the fundamentals of protecting your privacy on the Internet.
Gathering and Use of Information
Craft-Bilt only collects personal information from our visitors on a voluntary basis. We do not require any personal information from visitors to obtain access to our site. However, in order to respond to the contact section on our websites, you will have to provide personal information. Personal information received from any visitor will only be used for internal marketing, supply or employment purposes and will not be sold or provided to any non-affiliated companies except to provide products and services that you have requested. Specifically, your contact information will be shared with our product dealers, so that they can respond to your request.
Confidentiality and Security
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs. We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you.
Links
The Craft-Bilt website may contain links to other sites. We make every effort only to link to websites that share our high standards of decency, fairness, and integrity. We try our best to ensure that these links are safe for visitors, but the privacy and data collection practices on any linked websites are entirely separate from Craft-Bilt and are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Craft-Bilt shall not be responsible for any failure on the part of any linked websites to comply with any privacy policy posted on the website, or any contractual or other legal obligations to which the operators of such website may be subject. In addition, other websites may link to Craft-Bilt’s website without Craft-Bilt’s knowledge or consent. Craft-Bilt has no responsibility for the content, policies or actions of any other websites.
Changes and Updates to this Privacy Policy
Craft-Bilt’s website content and features may be updated, revised, modified and supplemented. Craft-Bilt reserves the right to change the information, features, products, policies, promotions, disclosures and disclaimers at any time. Changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on our website. Please check the policy periodically for changes. The date of the last update to this Privacy Policy is listed at the bottom of this page. The continued use of this website following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy means you accept those changes.
Summary
As in all business operations, Craft-Bilt approaches our communications on the Internet with respect for, and commitment to, individual privacy rights, concern, and respect for our visitors. We support active self-regulation to ensure that responsible marketers can maintain the right to use all communication media to interact with its consumers.
Contact Us
First Name:
Last Name:
Address 1:
Address 2:
City:
State/Province:
Zip:
Phone:
Email:
Sunrooms:
Awnings:
Solar Shades:
Railings:
Pergolas/Canopies:
Screen Rooms:
Aluminum Decks:
Contact me for a FREE estimate:
Email me more information:
1-800-422-8577
© 2020 Craft-Bilt Manufacturing Company.
Craft-Bilt Manufacturing Company is a registered trademark of Craft-Bilt Manufacturing Company. All rights reserved.
| Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Philadelphia Web Design by Perfexion Design