http://www.dathan.co.uk/privacy-policy
Call ++44 (0) 1484 851207 ENQUIRE NOW
Privacy Policy
This statement covers the services provided by dathan.co.uk. The purpose of this statement is to inform users of dathan.co.uk, which is managed by Dathan Tool & Gauge Co. Limited, about what information is collected about them when they visit this site, how this information is used, if it is disclosed and the ways in which we protect users’ privacy.Confidentiality and securityAny information you provide will be held securely and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. Your personal details will not normally be disclosed to third parties. In some circumstances however we may need to disclose your personal details to a third party so that they can provide a service you have requested, or fulfil a request for information. Any information about you that we pass to a third party will be held securely by that party, in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998, and used only to provide the services or information you have requested.You have a right to access the personal information we hold about you at any time. If you wish to do this, please put your request in writing (explaining that your interest is in dathan.co.uk) to Dathan Tool & Gauge Co. Ltd, Mean Lane, Meltham, Holmfirth, West Yorkshire, HD9 5RU.NewslettersIf you sign up to receive Newsletters from dathan.co.uk we will use the information you give us to provide the service(s) you have requested. We may occasionally contact subscribers to help us evaluate and improve the service that we offer.Our use of cookiesWhen we provide services, we want to make them easy, useful and reliable. Where services are delivered on the internet, this sometimes involves placing small amounts of information on your device, for example, your computer or mobile phone. These include small files known as cookies. They cannot be used to identify you personally. These pieces of information are used to improve services for you through, for example:recognising that you may already have given a username and password so you don't need to do it for every web page requestedmeasuring how many people are using services, so they can be made easier to use and there's enough capacity to ensure they are fastanalysing anonymised data to help us understand how people interact with our services so we can make them better.You can manage these small files and learn more about them from the article, Internet Browser cookies- what they are and how to manage themLearn how to remove cookies set on your deviceThird party cookiesWe sometimes use a number of suppliers who may also set cookies on their websites’ on its behalf. dathan.co.uk does not control the dissemination of these cookies. You should check the third party websites for more information about these.ProviderNamePurposeMore infoGoogle Analytics_utma_utmb_utmc_utmzThese cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.Google Privacy policyGoogle MapNNIDPREF Google Privacy policy    Session cookiesPHPSESSIDThese session cookies are used to record a session/visit to the website. The contents of these cookies is usually a singly unique ID number      Log filesLog files allow us to record visitors' use of the site. The dathan.co.uk Web Team puts together log file information from all our visitors, which we use to make improvements to the layout of the site and to the information in it, based on the way that visitors move around it. Log files do not contain any personal information about you.If you receive the HTML-formatted version of a newsletter, your opening of the newsletter email is notified to us and saved. Your clicks on links in the newsletter are also saved. These and the open statistics are used in aggregate form to give us an indication of the popularity of the content and to help us make decisions about future content and formatting.Linking to another site from dathan.co.ukOur website contains links to other sites. Dathan Tool & Gauge Co. Limited is not responsible for the privacy practices within any of these other sites. You should be aware of this when you leave dathan.co.uk and we encourage you to read the privacy statements on other websites you visit.Changes to this privacy policyIf this privacy policy changes in any way, we will place an updated version on this page. Regularly reviewing this page ensures that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we will share it with other parties.
loop
loop clear