http://www.klmicrowave.com/sales-terms.php
Home
Filter Wizard®
About
Who We Are
Locations
Quality
Environmental
Ordering
Sales Terms
Supply Chain Management
Employment
Code of Ethics
About Dover
Privacy Policy
Products
LTE Products
News
Contact
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
For more information, please see our cookie policy.
ACCEPT
News & Announcements
all news »
Featured Product
High Frequency Tunable Bandreject Filter
Tuning Range 4 - 6  GHz High Performance Coaxial Cavity Design Ultra Broad Passband Performance Drive Voltages 12 VDC, 110 VAC, 24 VDC, and 220 VACRemote Interfaces Include USB, GPIB, RS-232, and RS-422
Data SheetAdd to Quote Cart
Career Positions
K&L Microwave is recognized by top-tier defense contractors and wireless infrastructure providers as a world leader in the design and manufacture of RF and microwave filters, duplexers, and integrated assemblies. We are currently hiring a Material Planner, Electronic Assemblers, and Electronic Technicians. Apply here.
Tunable Filters
K&L Microwave offers a variety of Tunable Filter Products to satisfy a broad range of filtering applications. Tunable Bandpass and Bandreject filters provide the best solution for pre-tuning desired signals while rejecting interfering signals. The method of tuning can be either mechanical via a tuning knob mounted on the front of the filter, or electro-mechanical via an optional remote [More...]
About K&L Microwave
K&L Microwave, part of the Microwave Products Group (MPG), a Dover company, is recognized by top-tier defense contractors and wireless infrastructure providers as a world leader in the design and manufacture of RF and microwave filters, duplexers, and integrated assemblies.
K&L is AS9100 certified and offers customers the most extensive range of filter-based products in the industry.
[More…]
News & Announcements
December 8, 2020
AOC 2020 - Washington D.C. - Booth #315
September 15, 2020
EuMW 2020 - The Netherlands - Booth #322
August 31, 2020
Rafi Hershtig’s IMS Micro Apps presentations
Certifications
K&L Microwave (MPG Salisbury) is AS9100D registered
and meets RoHS requirements
and REACH Compliance
when specified.
K&L's Dominican Republic facility (MPG DR) is ISO 9001:2015 registered.