http://www.stracia.com/privacy/
Main
Welcome
Login
Subscribe to GOCMX
Essays & Articles
Business cycle
Introduction
Our Macro Approach
Cycle Diagram
Typical Cyclical Profile
Versus Buy-and-Hold
Market Efficiency
How to...
Use this Web site
Write a covered call
Services
Bespoke analysis
Links
Link Panel
Relevant links
Link exchange
Bookmark us
Surprise me
News
International markets
U.S. markets news
U.S. earnings news
Commodities news
Currency news
Calendar
World clock
RSS feeds
Newsletter
Downloads
Bookstore
Soundtrack!
Search
Featured Title
Previously featured titles:
• The Puritan Gift
[history]
• The Shock Doctrine
[politics]
• The 4-Hour Workweek
[life]
About
About us
Membership
Contact us
Terms
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Disclaimer
Statement of Purpose
Our mission is to advancethe discussion of topicsrelevant to global assetallocation and multi-strategy investment management.
Recommended
Musicbox
Notice
Learn more about our
Custom Analysis
services
Subscribe to the
Globally Optimized™
Capital Markets Index™
bookmark this:
|
rss | join our e-mail list
Enter your search terms
Web
Stracia.com
Submit search form
Place our ad
on your site…
…Click for more info on
our new link-exchange program!
Bookshelf
Privacy Policy
Effective 3 August 2007We are committed to your privacyStracia, LLC (“Stracia”) is dedicated to making your online experience as rewarding as possible, and your privacy is important to us. This notice explains our online information practices and the choices you can make about the ways in which your information is collected and used. We appreciate your presence on our site and strive to treat you as a guest. Our Privacy Policy is designed to ensure the security of information that you provide us. We abide by the Privacy Principles of the Safe Harbor Program as administered by the USA Department of Commerce. Details of these principles may be found at: www.export.gov/SafeHarbor . The information we collectThis notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Stracia Web site. On some pages, you can make comments, register for membership, order products, register to receive materials, and make other requests. The types of personal information collected at these pages may include: NameAddressE-mail addressPhone numberCredit/debit card, or similar transaction-oriented information(etc.)On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you might submit the recipient’s address. In such circumstances, the types of personal information collected are: NameAddressPhone Number(etc.)How we use information We use the information you provide about yourself during the order process only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete your order. We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product, confirm delivery, or register that person as a member. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete the order or registration process. We use return e-mail addresses to reply to the e-mail that we receive. Such addresses are not used for other purposes, and they are not shared with outside parties. You can register with our Web site as a member or if you would like to receive periodic e-mail updates or other information. Information you submit on our site will not be used for this purpose unless you so request. We use non-identifying and aggregate information to improve the design of our site and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser how many individuals visited a certain area on our site, or or how many men or women have signed up as members, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals. Finally, we do not use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above, without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses. Our commitment to data security We believe that we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online,in order to prevent the unauthorized access, to maintain data accuracy, and to ensure the correct use of information. Our commitment to children’s privacy We realize that protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our site from those we actually know to be under the age of 13, and no part of our Web site is structured to attract anyone under 13. How to contact us Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please see these instructions for contacting us.
Terms of Use   |   Disclaimer
Copyright © 2002–2012 by StraciaTM. All rights reserved. Stracia is a registered trademark.StraciaTM is a service company and does not provide financial, tax, or legal advice.About this Web site. Terms of service. Disclaimer. Privacy policy. Contact us.