http://www.veripayment.com/about_us/security_privacy.php
Home
|
Sitemap
|
Help
|
Contact Us
Home | About Us | Security/Privacy
Security/Privacy
VeriPayment.com takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information
via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line. When our registration/order form asks users to
enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted
and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order
form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer
becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just 'surfing'. VeriPayment.com uses SSL encryption
to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of
our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees
who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative)
are granted access to personally identifiable information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security
and privacy practices.
This agreement govern in accordance with the provisions of the Act of the United Kingdom. You
hereby irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in the United Kingdom for all disputes arising out
of or relating to the use of the VeriPayment.com Sites/Services. You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or
agency relationship exists between you and VeriPayment.com as a result of this agreement or use of the VeriPayment.com
Sites/Services. You agree to indemnify and hold VeriPayment.com, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers and employees,
harmless from any claim, demand, or damage, including reasonable attorneys' fees, asserted by any third party due to or arising
out of your use of or conduct on the VeriPayment.com Site/Service/Software. VeriPayment.com reserves the right to disclose any
personal information about you or your use of the VeriPayment.com Sites/Services, including its contents, without your prior
permission if VeriPayment.com has a good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (1) conform to legal requirements or
comply with legal process; (2) protect and defend the rights or property of Verified Payment Solutions or its affiliated
companies; (3) enforce the terms or use; or (4) act to protect the interests of its members or others. VeriPayment.com
performance of this agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in this agreement is in
derogation of VeriPayment.com right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements
relating to your use of the VeriPayment.com Sites/Services or information provided to or gathered by VeriPayment.com with
respect to such use. If any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law of the
United Kingdom, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or
unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of
the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in effect. Unless otherwise specified herein, this agreement
constitutes the entire agreement between the user and Verified Payment Solutions with respect to the VeriPayment.com
Site/Service/Software and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral
or written, between the user and Verified Payment Solutions with respect to the VeriPayment.com Site/Service/Software. A printed
version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings
based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and
records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
Email
Home
|
Sitemap
|
FAQ
|
Contact Us
|
Security/Privacy
|
AML / KYC Policies
|
Copyright
© VeriPayment.com™ LTD 2002-2020
Verified Payment Solutions™, LLC. and logo are registered trademarks of VeriPayment.com™ LTD