http://www.copesan.com/terms-of-use
Terms of Use
Copesan > Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Copesan Services, Inc. (Copesan), maintains this website as a resource for a variety of commercial industries The content (images and text) is copyrighted. You may download the content only for your personal, non-commercial use. The content may not be otherwise copied or modified in any way.
Copesan will use reasonable efforts to post accurate and up-to-date information. However, we make no warranties as to its accuracy or completeness. Copesan shall not be liable for damages of any kind arising out of your access or inability to access this site or your reliance on the information displayed on this site. Copesan suggests that only trained pest management professionals implement the strategies and control measures found on this site or in any information contained herein. Remember, you must be licensed to handle and apply most pest management materials and it is critical to always read and follow the label.
Copesan takes no responsibility for the content found on websites linked to this site.
Copesan collects information that can identify you only when it is voluntarily offered. Please review our privacy policy for more information.
Any nonpersonal information, communications or material you may send to our website or to Copesan by electronic mail are received on a nonconfidential basis. We reserve the right to use, reproduce, and edit any such communications, and use such information for any purpose we see fitting. We specifically reserve the right to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such communications for any purpose, including developing, manufacturing or marketing products, programs and services. Copesan shall not be held responsible for damages of any kind resulting out of your submission to this site of information that may be untruthful, illegal, or in violation of the rights of others. You will be held responsible for any inaccurate, infringing, libelous, scandalous, or other objectionable material that you submit.
Copesan, the Copesan logo, Prescription Care, Culinary Care, Signature Care, Total Guest Care, RapidTrax and CARE Select (and their logos) are trademarks of Copesan Services, Inc. All these trademarks have been registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and all rights are reserved.
Copesan reserves the right to withdraw products and services referred to in this website. Copesan also reserves the right to change this statement at any time.
Let Us Help
Name*Email*
Message*CAPTCHA7 + 4 =By completing this form and submitting your information, you confirm that you have reviewed, understood and accepted our privacy and cookie policies.EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
1.800.COPESAN
800.267.3726