http://www.teel.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
CLOSE
Home
About Us
News & EVENTS
Capabilities
Careers
Downloads
Videos
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Medical
Cosmetics
Industrial Piping
Film Core
Water Treatment
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Revision: 7/26/2017
Introduction
Teel Plastics, Inc. (“Teel”, “we”, “us”) takes your privacy seriously. At Teel we pledge to follow the provisions of this privacy policy in order to protect your privacy rights.
This privacy policy (the “Policy”) outlines our general policy and practices for protecting your private information. It includes the types of information we gather, how we use it, and the choices individuals have regarding our use of their information.
Private information can broadly be broken down into two categories: information that cannot be used to identify you (“Non-Personal Information”) and information that can be used to identify you (“Personal Information”). This Policy applies to all Personal and Non-Personal Information received by us whether in electronic, written, or verbal format.
Teel reserves the right to modify this Policy at any time and will do so from time to time. Each modification shall be effective upon posting to http://www.teel.com. Your continued use of http://www.teel.com following any such modification constitutes your acceptance of any changes to this Policy. It is therefore important that you review this Policy regularly. If you have any questions concerning this Policy please contact Teel using the website contact feature.
1. Scope.
This Policy covers all of http://www.teel.com. However, it does not apply to entities that Teel does not own or control including developers of content.
2. Non-Personal Information.
2.1. Any time an entity accesses http://www.teel.com they receive a “cookie” from us. We may use cookies (small pieces of data stored for an extended period of time on a computer, mobile phone, or other device) to make http://www.teel.com easier to use and to protect both you and Teel. These cookies may give Teel information about your use of http://www.teel.com. You can remove or block cookies using the settings in your browser, but in some cases that may impact your ability to use http://www.teel.com.
2.2. When you access http://www.teel.com from a computer, mobile phone, or other device, we may collect information from that device about your browser type, location, and IP address, as well as the pages you visit.
2.3. We keep track of some of the actions you take on http://www.teel.com such as when you view specific pages, download materials, or the amount of time spent on a page.
3. Personal Information.
3.1. Teel does not intentionally collect any Personal Information from you without your permission, but some collection may occur through general website function.
3.2. Teel requests some Personal Information as part of the website based interaction with Teel to allow Teel to contact you or provide specific follow-up to things like quote requests available on the website.
3.3. Teel uses various analytics services for monitoring use of http://www.teel.com. These are third party service providers and Teel does not control what information they may retain or transmit. Some of the information they collect may contain personal information.
4. How Teel Uses Your Personal Information.
4.1. Teel uses your Personal Information if Teel responds to your specific request or question from the website interaction features on http://www.teel.com.
4.2. Teel may contact you with service-related announcements from time to time. You may opt-out of all communications except essential updates.
4.3. Teel may store or retain some contact information to create a database of quotes or contacts for internal metric generation or other use.
5. How Teel Uses Your Non-Personal Information.
5.1. Teel will use the information we collect to provide services and features to you. Teel will also use the information to measure and improve http://www.teel.com, and to provide you with customer support.
5.2. Teel can use the information we collect to prevent potential illegal activities. Teel also uses a variety of methods to detect and address anomalous activity and screen content to prevent abuse.
6. How Teel Shares Your Information.
6.1. Teel does not share your Personal Information with anyone or any company not directly under common control with Teel. With the following exceptions:
6.1.1. Teel may share Personal Information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to prevent fraud or other illegal activity, to prevent imminent bodily harm, or to protect ourselves and protect you from people violating the Terms of Use Agreement of http://www.teel.com. This may include sharing information with other companies, lawyers, and courts or other government entities.
6.1.2. Teel may disclose information pursuant to subpoenas, court orders, or other requests (including criminal and civil matters) if we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law.
6.2. Teel does not sell your Personal or Non-Personal Information to any third party.
6.3. Teel provides some public information to search engines. This information allows search engines to locate http://www.teel.com. It may inadvertently contain some Non-Personal Information.
7. Collection of Information from Children and COPPA.
7.1. http://www.teel.com is not targeted toward children. Teel does not knowingly collect or retain any Personal Information from children under the age of 13. Children under the age of 13 should not use http://www.teel.com.
8. Other.
8.1. Unless stated otherwise, our current Policy applies to all information that Teel has about you.
8.2. By using http://www.teel.com, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States.
8.3. All terms used in this Policy have the same meaning as in the Terms of Use Agreement unless obviously limited by context. If any term is unclear please refer to the Terms of Use Agreement.
Home
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Sales Terms & Conditions
Site Map
© 2020 Teel Plastics