https://www.heightec.com/help/terms-and-conditions/
basketcalendarcartchevron-leftchevron-rightchevron-updownloadeyefacebookfile-imagefile-musicfile-pdffile-textfile-unknownfile-videogoogle-plusibexlinkedinloading
logo-outlinelogomenunewsprice-tagsearchtwitteryoutube-altyoutube
Home
Help
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Website terms of use, conditions of sale
Conditions of use of websites
The heightec Group Limited (“heightec”) provides access to the heightec.com (or heightec.co.uk) and other websites (the “website”) subject to the following conditions.
By using this website, you signify your agreement to be bound by our conditions relating to your use the website and our conditions relating to sale of products
Your Account
You must take all necessary steps to prevent unauthorised access to your account. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that take place using your account or password. Please make sure the details we hold about you are correct and let us know if any of your details change. We reserve the right to refuse access to any part of the website and /or to refuse or cancel accounts at our discretion. If we cancel an order we will not make a charge to you.
Privacy
Please read our privacy policy.
Licence for website access
heightec grants you a limited licence to use the website, but you may not download (other than page caching) or modify any portion of it, without our express written permission. You may however download portions of the website which are designated by “download” anchors. This licence does not include any derivative or commercial use of the website contents including lists of prices, technical data, product descriptions, or other content.
Copyright
No content from this website may be reproduced, copied or otherwise exploited for any commercial use without the written consent of heightec. Such reproduction or copying includes framing techniques. Website content includes trademarks, images, logos and any other information. You may create a hyperlink to the heightec.com or heightec.co.uk home page so long as heightec is not portrayed in any misleading or in any way negative or derogatory manner.
Lawful use
This website must be used for lawful purposes only. You must not engage in any activity which is unlawful, or may cause annoyance, injury or inconvenience to any third party, including but not limited to fraud, spam, breach of privacy or transmission of software viruses.
Copyright and database rights
Unless specifically stated otherwise, all website content is the property of heightec. Content is protected by United Kingdom and international copyright and database laws. You may not use or extract content from the website without heightec’s express written consent.
Trademarks
heightec, heightec.com, heightec.co.uk, NARC, NaCWaH, The National Centre for Work at Height, RescuePack, ScaffPack, RoofPack, 100Plus, “with respect to gravity”, “the science of fall protection” and other marks indicated on our website are trademarks or registered trademarks of heightec.
External Links
This website may contain links to external sources of information. heightec cannot vouch for the existence or content of such links and accepts no liability for the content of material accessed by external links of any type.