https://www.cavco.com/privacy/
Our Commitment to Your Privacy
Cavco and its family of brands including Cavco Durango, Cavco Homes, Cavco Homes Center, Cavco Texas, Cavco West, Chariot Eagle, Destiny Homes, Fairmont Homes, Fleetwood Homes, Friendship Homes, Lexington Homes, Nationwide Homes, Palm Harbor Homes, Palm Harbor Texas, Park Model RV’s, and PHN Commercial, (“Cavco,” “Company” or “we,” “our” or “us”) respects the privacy of every individual visiting our website(s) (the “Website”), and recognizes that protecting the privacy and security of the personal information we collect about you in the course of using our services (“Services”) is an important responsibility. This Privacy Policy governs the Company’s family of brand websites, their subdomains, and all portals, applications, products, services, events, and any interactive features, applications, or other services.
This Policy does not apply to other websites or platforms that have a different privacy policy.
Kinds of Information Collected by Us and How We Collect Information
We collect two basic types of information from you in conjunction with your use of the Website and – Personal Information and Automatically Collected Information (collectively, “Information”).
“Personal information” is any information that can individually identify you and includes, as an illustrative example and without limitation, your name, postal address, email address, telephone number, username and account password, etc.
We collect no Personal Information about you unless you specifically and knowingly provide it.
“Automatically Collected Information” includes information that does not personally identify you, but may include, as an illustrative example and without limitation, tracking and usage information about your location, use of the Website and the Internet, etc.
Personal Information
There are a number of circumstances in which you voluntarily supply us with your Personal Information. The following lists the most common ways in which we collect your Personal Information:
When you send us a request for more information about the products, services, and information listed on a Cavco Website;
When you send us financial information in the course of using any of the tools on our Website to help you determine how to calculate your mortgage;
When you send an email to our webmaster, so that we may respond to your message;
When you register for an account on the Website;
When you submit employment-related information provided on job applications submitted through the Website or electronically, including for example, job preferences, work history, and other Personal Information;
When you participate on social media accounts involving Cavco;
When you submit questions, comments, or feedback through the Website, or otherwise; or
When you submit or knowingly volunteer Personal Information on any other place on the Website.
Automatically Collected Information
Some information is automatically received and sometimes collected from you when you visit or use the Website or Services. The following lists the most common information that is automatically received or collected:
The name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet, including the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the device you are using and/or the IP address of your Internet Service Provider (ISP);
The type and version of Internet browser software you use and your operating system;
Websites visited before or after you visit our Website;
The date and time you access the Website, the length of your stay, and the specific pages that you access while visiting the Website; and
Information concerning the country of origin of your device and the language(s) used by it.
We use this information to monitor the usage of our Website, assess performance, ensure technological compatibility with your device, and understand the relative importance of the information provided on the Website. We may also use this data to conduct statistical analyses on visitors’ usage patterns and other aggregated data.
We may collect this information in an anonymous and aggregated format.
Please note that under the California Consumer Privacy Act, Automatically Collected Information is a category of personal information, as defined therein. For more information about the categories of personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act, please click here.
Social Media Sites
When you interact with Cavco on or through a social media platform, such as Facebook, Google, Twitter, or LinkedIn, we collect the Personal Information that you make available to us on that page or account, including your user ID and/or username, and any information you have made public in connection with that social media service. Please note, however, that we will comply with the privacy policies of the corresponding social media platform and we will only collect and store such Personal Information that we are permitted to collect by these social media platforms.
Our Website includes social media widgets, such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, Pinterest, Flickr, and Instagram widgets. These features collect Automatically Collected Information about your IP address and which page you are visiting on our Website, and they set a cookie to make sure their features function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website. Your interactions with those features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them.
How We Use Your Information
We use the Information we collect from you and about you to help us personalize and continually improve your experience with the Website and the Services. You have no obligation to provide us with any of your Information, but you may not be able to use or access certain portions of the Website or the Services if you do not provide us with your Personal Information (and you cannot use our Website or Services without agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy).
As non-limiting examples, we use the Information we collect from and about you in the following ways:
Providing the features, products and services you request;
Registration and promotions:
To communicate with you and provide you with information:
When we perform our obligations under a contract with you:
To deliver to you relevant advertising:
To provide you with other offers:
To improve our Website, features, products and services
We will store your information only for the above stated purposes.
How We Disclose Your Information
Generally, we do not disclose your Personal Information to third parties. However, we may disclose aggregated Automatically Collected Information without your permission. Further, we may use and disclose your information both internally and externally, including without limitation, as described herein.
We will not sell your Information to any other company however, you should be aware that Cavco may use this Information that you supply about yourself for promotional or marketing purposes.
We will not disclose any Personal Information about our current or former customers or consumers to anyone, except in emergency situations, or as described below.
In an emergency situation, we may also use or disclose your Personal Information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to applicable law or comply with legal process served on us or the Website, or the Services; (b) respond to requests from public and government authorities; (c) protect and defend our rights or property, the Website, the Services, or our users; or (d) act under emergency circumstances to protect the personal safety of us, our affiliates, agents, the users of the Website or Services, or the public.
We may disclose all of the information we collect about you to our affiliates and to nonaffiliated third-parties that perform services on our behalf, including, but not limited to, marketing services, or other financial institutions with whom we have joint marketing agreements.
We may disclose information we collect about you to our network of dealers/retailers.
We may disclose information we collect about you to our network of independent insurance agents.
If we collect Personal Information from you to provide third-party financial products and services requested by you, such third-party’s use of your Personal Information will be subject to their privacy policy as disclosed to you by them.
We sometimes engage third parties, such as contractors, to provide certain operational services to us or on our behalf. We may share your Information with those third parties on a “need to know” basis. In addition, we may enter into certain marketing relationships with third parties to provide you with a better service. We may share some of your Personal Information with those parties. However, you are under no obligation to respond to any requests from those third parties.
If we sell all or part of our business, or make a sale or transfer of our assets, or are otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of our business, or are involved in a bankruptcy, Cavco may transfer your information to the party or parties involved as part of that transaction.
If you are a California resident and have an established business relationship with us, you can request a notice disclosing the categories of Personal Information we have shared with third parties, if any, for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes, during the preceding calendar year. To request a notice, please submit your request to the contact information provided below. California law also permits residents of California to opt-out of Cavco’s disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. You may choose to opt-out of the sharing of your Personal Information with third parties for marketing purposes at any time by submitting a request in writing to the contact information provided below. Please note that this opt-out does not prohibit disclosure made for non-marketing purposes.
For more information about your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, please click here.
How you can “Opt-Out,” Access, Update, or Delete Your information
You can see, review and change your information by sending a request to privacy@cavco.com. At any time, you may request us to delete your information by sending us an email at privacy@cavco.com. Although, we will make every effort to delete your information from our databases, and inform third-parties to whom we have provided a link on the Website to do the same, we may need to retain your information in our archives and records in order to comply with law, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms and Conditions and other policies, and take other actions otherwise permitted by law.
If you are a California resident, you have the right to request that we disclose information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information over the past twelve (12) months. You have the right to request that we delete your Personal Information, regardless when collected.
How We Store Your Information
Personal information collected on our Website and through our Services, or received by Cavco from you or third parties may be stored or processed in the United States or any other country where we or our service providers maintain facilities.
The servers and databases in which information is stored may be located outside the country from which you accessed the Website or Services, and in a country that does not have the same privacy laws as your country of residence. The Personal Information you provide us may be transmitted abroad, but we will collect, process and use Personal Information only in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If you choose to provide us with Personal Information, we may transfer that information to our affiliates and subsidiaries or to other third parties, across borders, and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world in accordance with legal requirements.
Employment-related information and queries may be transferred to any member of the Cavco family of companies. By visiting this Website and our Services and submitting information, you consent to such collection, processing, transfer and/or storage of your Personal Information.
How We Protect your information
We have procedures in place that limit access to Personal Information to those employees and other individuals who need to know such information to provide products and services to you. We will maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the confidentiality of your Personal Information as required by law. However, such precautions do not guarantee the absolute safety of your data, and Cavco makes no guarantees, warranties or representation that your information is protected from viruses and other security attacks. Further, while Cavco follows appropriate procedures to ensure that third parties will keep your information secure, Cavco cannot make any guarantees with respect to the actions or policies of such third parties.
You are also responsible for taking reasonable steps to protect your information against unauthorized disclosure or misuse such as by maintaining the confidentiality of your username and password and logging out of your account when not using the Website or Services.
Links On Our Website
Our privacy policies apply only to your use of the Website. The Website contains links to other sites, including sites on which you will find our logo, or sites for which we are sponsors. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites, even if they bear our logo and name. Links to other sites do not imply an endorsement of the materials or policies on those Websites. You should read the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine what information that site may be collecting about you.
How We Protect the Privacy of Children
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Program (COPPA) took effect on April 21, 2000 and pertains to websites directed towards children under 13 years of age. Cavco does not knowingly collect information on any person under 13 years of age. Therefore, if you are under 13 years of age, you may not search our Website, or use any of our services. By using the Website, you represent that you are not under 13 years of age.
Use of Cookies
Cookies
When you interact with the Website, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, “cookie” information, and the page you requested.
Cookies and other tracking technologies (such as pixels and beacons) are comprised of small bits of data that often include a de-identified or anonymous unique identifier. Websites, apps and other services send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer, so the website can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that service. We may use these technologies to collect and store information about your usage of the Website (such as the pages you have visited, content you have viewed, search queries you have run, and advertisements you have seen), which information is then used to understand your preferences so as to enable us to provide you with improved services in future visits, and to compile aggregate data about site traffic and interactions so that we can offer better experiences and tools in the future.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether. Please consult the “Help” section of your browser for more information. Please note that by blocking any or all cookies, you may not have access to certain features, content, or personalization available through the Website.
Analytics
We, as well as third-party vendors acting on our behalf (such as Google), may use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the Google, Yahoo cookies) or other third-party identifiers to gather anonymous analytics and statistics about our Website and how it is are being used by our visitors so we can improve our Website. Our web server storage logs may collect the domain names, internet protocol addresses, the types of web browsers, and certain data of visitors to the Website.
Data about your activities online may be collected for use in providing advertising tailored to your individual interests, either by us, our affiliates, or third parties. We may work with third parties such as network advertisers and ad exchanges to serve advertisements across the internet and may use third party analytics service providers to evaluate and provide us and/or third parties with information about the use of these ads on third party websites and viewing of ads and of our content.
We and these third-party vendors, including Google, may use third-party technologies (such as a Facebook Custom Audience Pixel) together with our own first party technologies in order to analyze ad impressions, your use of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services. The information collected may also include information about your visits to our Website, include the pages you have viewed and what content you have seen. These third-party tracking technologies may be set to, among other things: (a) help deliver advertisements to you that you might be interested in; (b) prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times; and (c) understand the effectiveness of the advertisements that have been delivered to you.
You can opt out of certain advertising by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative consumer opt out page at http://optout.networkadvertising.org/, by using the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout, or by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page at https://www.aboutads.info/choices. Please note, at this time we do not respond to browser-based “do not track” signals.
General
Users should be aware that Cavco has no control over any information that users may disclose to other users of a Cavco Website. Please notify Cavco immediately if you discover that any user of a Cavco Website is improperly collecting or using personally identifying information of users of the Cavco Websites.
We know that online security is a serious matter. At Cavco, we consider your online security an important factor of our commitment to overall customer satisfaction. For additional information on your privacy rights concerning data collected by Websites, refer to the Federal Trade Commission’s How to Protect Your Privacy pamphlet.
This Privacy Policy will be updated periodically and posted on the Website. It applies to the online practices of Cavco and its divisions. References to “Cavco”, “we”, “us” and “our” are references to Cavco and its family of brands, as explained above. We reserve the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time, without notice, by posting revisions on the Website. You agree to review the Privacy Policy each time you use the Website so that you are aware of any modifications. By accessing or using the Website, you agree to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy as posted at the time of your access or use.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference in and is a part of the Terms of Use agreement. If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy please contact Cavco at privacy@cavco.com or you can reach us by regular mail at:
Cavco Industries, Inc.3636 N Central Ave STE 1200Phoenix, AZ 85012-1998
This Privacy Policy was last updated on June 24, 2020.