http://www.dwfritz.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Collection and Use of Information
The privacy policy at DWFritz Automation Inc. includes informing you of how we use any personally identifiable information that is submitted to us online and maintaining confidentiality and security safeguards for personally identifiable information. You have control over the personally identifiable information you decide to submit. It is not necessary to provide any personally identifiable information when you visit the DWFritz website.
When you visit DWFritz.com, you have the opportunity to contact us online—to ask a question, to learn more about our products and services, or to ask for help with a product you already have. If you choose to contact us through the website, you will find that our online form asks for common types of personally identifiable information, such as name, phone number, or email address. We ask for this information to help us reply to you.
DWFritz maintains the information it receives online in strict confidence; information you submit to us is not sold to or shared with third parties, except to our agents and partners as described below.
DWFritz reserves the right to notify its customers about administrative matters that pertain to their accounts. When required by law, DWFritz will share information with government agencies. Although we do not currently anticipate a change in our corporate status, in the event of a merger or acquisition of the company or a substantial portion of its assets, DWFritz may disclose, transfer or sell personal information collected online to the surviving or acquiring party, respectively. Personal information collected online will remain subject to promises made in this Online Privacy Policy.
If you would like to contact us without submitting personally identifiable information online, you can reach a DWFritz representative by calling 800-763-4161.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, feel free to contact us at the mailing address below or through the contact form at the bottom of the page:
DWFritz AutomationATTN: Marketing Dept. (Privacy Policy)9600 SW Boeckman Rd., Wilsonville, OR 97070USA
Contact Us
With manufacturing facilities located in the U.S. and China, DWFritz provides exceptional global support services.