https://www.latexco.com/us/cookie-policy-latexco/
1. Defintions
In this Cookie Policy the following terms are defined as follows:
1.1. Latexco
the legal entity Latexco NV with registered office at Belgium, 8700 Tielt, Sint-Amandstraat 8Bis, and registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises under the number 0437.860.275;
contact details:
adress: Sint Amandstraat 8Bis, 8700 Tielt ;
e-mail : info@latexco.com
fax : +32 51 40 55 66
telephone : +32 51 40 14 31
the legal entity
Latexco Solutions BVBA
Latexco NV
Latexco Espana SAU
Latexco Indonesia PT
Latexco Asia Pacific
Latexco LLC
Sleepcomp West LLC
Innergetic LLC
1.2. Website
The websites of LATEXCO, www.latexco.com, and derivative websites developed and administered by LATEXCO (including without limitation: www.latexco.com/us
1.3. Cookie Policy
This policy with regard to the use of Cookies by LATEXCO;
1.4. Cookies
Shall have the meaning set forth in Art. 2 of this Cookie Policy;
1.5. User
Every individual who uses the Website.
2. General – What are Cookies?
This Cookie Policy aims to inform you as a User about how cookies are used on the Website and when they are stored on your device (computer, tablet, smartphone, etc.) in order to make your visit to the Website more pleasant and to better meet your needs and adjust your visit to your preferences.
Cookies will be stored on your device when you use the Website.
Cookies are small data or text files stored on your device by your browser to make site-specific information available to the Website using the Cookie. Cookies help LATEXCO to optimize a visit to the Website by performing a number of useful tasks, such as improving the security of the Website and to make the general online experience more user-friendly and effective. Cookies cannot run applications or transmit viruses to your computer.
The legal basis for this is Art. 6 (1 f) GDPR.
3. Use of Cookies?
3.1. Privacy
With regard to the collection and processing of your Personal Data (as defined in the Privacy Statement) and your rights in this respect, LATEXCO refers to its Privacy Statement under the following link: https://www.latexco.com/us/privacy-policy .
Some of the Cookies and/or technologies used, as described below, may contain data that may directly or indirectly identify you; the types of Cookies used on this website are set out below.
3.2. Types of Cookies
(a) General
Cookies can be placed by LATEXCO itself (“first party cookies”) or by third parties (“third party cookies”). Third party Cookies ensure that certain data are sent to third parties by your visit or use of the Website.
Cookies are sometimes placed temporarily (“transient cookies”, these are deleted when you close your browser) and sometimes permanently (“persistent” cookies, these remain in place until they expire or until you delete them).
The Website uses the following types of Cookies, and their scope and function is described below: transient Cookies, persistent Cookies, session Cookies, functional Cookies, analytical cookies, tracking Cookies and third-party Cookies.
(b) Transient Cookies and Session Cookies
Transient Cookies are automatically deleted when you close your browser. This also particularly includes Session Cookies. These Cookies store what is known as a session ID, which correlates various queries made by your browser during one common session. This helps to identify your computer when you return to the Website. Session Cookies are deleted once you log out or close your browser.
(c) Persistent Cookies
Persistent Cookies are automatically deleted after a given time, that varies depending on the Cookie. You may delete any cookie using the security preferences in your browser at any time (see Art. 3.3).
(d) Functional Cookies
Functional Cookies are necessary for the Website to function properly. The information does not record any specific data of the individual User, but is necessary for a useful use of the Website.
(e) Analytical Cookies
Analytical Cookies enable us to learn more about how you as a visitor deal with and how you respond to the content of the Website. In this way LATEXCO can design its Website even better. The information does not record specific data of the individual User, but is used to create and analyze web statistics at a total level.
In particular, the Website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google LLC. (“Google“), Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Google Analytics uses “Cookies” to help the Website analyze how it is used. The information generated by the Cookie on your use of the Website will normally be transmitted to a Google server in the United States and stored there. The Website uses Google Analytics with an extension to guarantee the anonymous capture of IP addresses. If IP anonymization is activated on this Website, however, your IP address will be truncated by Google from within a member state of the European Union or from within any other country which is party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the complete IP address be sent to a Google server in the United States and truncated there. Google will use this information on behalf of LATEXCO for purposes of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing the website operator with other services relating to website use and internet usage. Google will not associate your IP address (sent by your browser and transferred via Google Analytics) with any other data held by Google.
You can also prevent the acquisition of the data generated by the cookie (including your IP address) by Google and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at the following link https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl.
(f) Tracking Cookies
Tracking cookies used by LATEXCO mainly concern the use of advertising cookies that can be placed both by LATEXCO and by third parties and so-called “social plug-ins” that are placed by third parties on the Website.
Social plug-ins are web components that are designed to share content from an external source with a social network and that enable a certain personalization of the external website. These plug-ins make it possible, among other things, to share the content of the Website via social media (Facebook, Linkedin, Instagram and Youtube).
(g) Third party Cookies
For the cookies placed by third parties as well as the possible data they collect with them, LATEXCO refers to the statements that these parties provide on their own websites. After all, LATEXCO does not play a role in the collection and processing of data on the basis of these third party cookies, nor do we store this information or process it.
3.3. Disabling Cookies
You can adjust the Cookie settings by following the instructions of your browser to block the acceptance of Cookies. If you continue to browse the Website, without changing your browser settings, LATEXCO assumes that you accept the Cookies from the Website. In addition, you can also delete Cookies by permanently deleting your “browsing history”.
Disabling Cookies may result in certain applications of our Website and additional services not functioning optimally.
4. Changes
LATEXCO reserves the right to continually update this Cookie Policy.
This Cookie Statement was last updated: 2nd of May 2019.
5. Miscellaneous
If any of the provisions of this Cookie Policy would be wholly or partially annulled by a binding decision, this shall have no effect whatsoever on the other provisions of this Cookie Policy. LATEXCO is entitled to modify or replace such a provision by another provision which, within legal limits, has the same effect.
The failure of LATEXCO to demand strict compliance with the provisions of this Cookie Policy shall not be construed as a waiver or rejection thereof.
6. Contact
If you have any questions or comments regarding the policy concerning Cookies after reading this Cookie Policy, please contact the contact person the email address info@latexco.com
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy