http://www.sema.org/sema-privacy-policy
SEMA Privacy Policy | SEMA
Jump to navigation
SEMA
About SEMA
Join SEMA
Contact Us
Home
LeadershipAbout SEMA
SEMA History
SEMA Mission Statement
SEMA Hall Of Fame
Board Of Directors
Councils and Networks
SEMA Awards
Executive Staff
Government AffairsGov't Affairs Home
RPM Act
California Proposition 65
Replica Cars
Bonneville Salt Flats
Coronavirus Resources
Emissions Compliance Resources
Gov't Regulation of Aftermarket Parts Guide
Health Care Law Guide
Intellectual Property Rights Guide
Off-Road Equipment & Land Use Policies
Outdoor Recreation Roundtable (ORR)
Political Action Committee
SEMA Action Network
Small Business Issues
State Sales Taxes
Tag & Title Toolbox: 50 State Titling & Registration Guide
Gov't Affairs Staff
MembershipMembership Home
Join SEMA
SEMA FAQs
Membership Benefits
Directory of SEMA Members
Volunteer OpportunitiesLearn About Volunteering
Board Of Directors
Councils and NetworksCouncils and Networks Home
Automotive Restoration Market Organization (ARMO)
Emerging Trends and Technology Network (ETTN)
Hot Rod Industry Alliance (HRIA)
Motorsports Parts Manufacturers Council (MPMC)
Professional Restylers Organization (PRO)
SEMA Businesswomen's Network (SBN)
Scholarships Committee
Truck & Off-Road Alliance (TORA)
Wheel & Tire Council (WTC)
Young Executives Network (YEN)
Membership Staff
PressPress Home
SEMA News Magazine
SEMA eNews
Current News
Current Press Releases
Member News
SEMA Photos
SEMA Show Publications
SEMA News Staff
EventsAll Events
SEMA Event Calendar
Industry Events Listing
SEMA Exhibitor Summit
Battle of the Builders
MPMC Media Trade Conference
SEMA Middle East Business Development Conference
SEMA Australia Regional Business Development Conference
SEMA Nordic Business Development Conference
SEMA Ignited
SEMA Installation & Gala
Events Staff
SEMA Show
ResourcesResearchResearch Home
Market Research Reports
Vehicle Technology
Measuring Sessions
Research Staff
EducationEducation Home
Be a Speaker
SEMA Education: All Access Videos
SEMA Show Education
Scholarships
Loan Forgiveness
Scholarship Donations
Education Staff
Jobs
Consumer Programs
Directory of SEMA Members
Health Care Reform Law: SEMA Member Guide
Industry Acronym Resource
International
OEM
SEMA Data Co-op
SEMA Garage
SEMA Member, Council & Network Logos
Staff Directory
Jobs
RPM Act
Emissions Compliance
Not logged in | Login
SEMA Privacy Policy
in Privacy Policy Privacy Notice
We want you to enjoy the Specialty Equipment Market Association information resource for the world wide web. But before you begin to explore our site, take a moment to look over the following items:
Agreement Between User and SEMA
This web site is offered to the User based upon the condition that the User accepts, without modification, the terms, conditions, and notices contained throughout this web site which shall be collectively referred to as "the Agreement."
Access to and use of the information, products and services available through this site (collectively, the "Services") are subject to the following terms and conditions. By using the Services, you, the User, are agreeing to these terms and conditions. Please direct any legal questions to:
Specialty Equipment Market Association Office of General Counsel P.O. Box 4910 Diamond Bar, Calif. 91765
Unless expressly provided herein, the Services are licensed to you, the User, for your online viewing only. No further reproduction or distribution of the Services is permitted.
Disclaimer, Representations and Limitations:
Materials contained on this web site are intended to be used for informational purposes only. Statements of fact and opinions expressed throughout this web site are those of the authors, and SEMA assumes no responsibility for them. Such statements of fact or opinions expressed are not intended, nor should they be construed as a solicitation of or suggestions by SEMA for any agreed-upon course of conduct or concerted action of any kind. The information and services published on this web site may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically made to the information on this web site. SEMA reserves the right to make improvements and/or changes to the content of this web site at any time, with or without notice. SEMA makes no representations about the suitability of the information and services contained on this web site for any purpose. SEMA makes no, and expressly disclaims, any representations or warranties, express or implied, regarding this web site, including, without limitation, the accuracy, completeness or reliability of text, graphics or links. All information and services contained in this web site are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, and no advice or information published by SEMA, its agents or representatives shall create any warranty.
SEMA cannot control and cannot edit content provided by a third party prior to transmission on this web site, nor can SEMA ensure prompt removal of inappropriate or unlawful content after transmission. Third party postings are not reviewed for truth or accuracy and do not represent the opinions, beliefs, or statements of SEMA.
In no event shall SEMA, its agents or representatives be held liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special or consequential damages, including attorney's fees, lost profits, or lost revenues, arising from or in any way connected with the use of this web site or with the delay or inability to use this web site, or otherwise arising out of the use of this web site, whether based on contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, even if SEMA and/or its agents or representatives have been advised of the possibility of damages. Portions of the above limitation may not be applicable to Users residing in states or jurisdictions which do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages.
Use of Electronic Communications:
User agrees that any electronic communications sent by User to this web site shall be on an unrestricted and non-confidential basis. SEMA shall have the right to reproduce, publish, or otherwise use such communications for any purpose, without restriction, including the developing and/or marketing of services.
Disclosure Regarding the Collection and Tracking of User Specific Information:
The goal at SEMA is to provide the User with the information and services that are most relevant. To achieve this goal, SEMA needs to collect information to understand what differentiates the User from each of the millions of other unique Users. SEMA collects this information in two ways.
First, the User may provide SEMA with certain information voluntarily when registering for certain services (for instance, Personal Guide, Chat, E-mail, and contests/promotions).
Second, SEMA may track the User's visit to SEMA Online by giving him/her a "cookie" when the User enters. Cookies are pieces of information that web sites transfer to the User's computer's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies make websurfing easier by saving the User's passwords and preferences for the User, so that the User won't have to re-enter them the next time he/she visits. They also help web sites track User trends and patterns. The use of cookies is now an industry standard, and the User will find them used on most major web sites. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If the User prefers, he/she can reset his/her browser either to notify the User when they've received a cookie, or to refuse to accept cookies. The User should understand that areas of certain sites will not function properly if Users set their browsers to not accept cookies.
All of the information SEMA collects, both what the User tells us and what SEMA collects through the use of cookies, is "aggregated" -- meaning that the information from many Users is grouped together in a way that does not disclose the personal information of any particular User. SEMA may use this aggregated information to evaluate what products and services are successful and which ones aren't, and in order to evaluate what new services SEMA should make available on our web site. SEMA will use reasonable best efforts not to disclose any information about any individual User except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process. However, SEMA reserves the right to use any and all information sent to it for any purposes, including but not limited to those purposes specifically set out within this Agreement.
Any modifications to this policy will be posted in this space. SEMA welcomes any questions or comments a User might have; please direct them to member@sema.org . A User's experience is extremely important and SEMA respects your rights.
Special Disclaimer Relating to SEMA Message Board, Job Fair/Classifieds and Chat Rooms
SEMA has created the SEMA Message Boards, Job Fair/Classifieds, and Chat Rooms as services to our Users. These services contain information provided by, and links to third parties who are independent from SEMA. SEMA cannot control and cannot edit information provided by these third parties prior to transmission on the SEMA Message Boards, Job Fair/ Classifieds, and Chat Rooms, nor can SEMA ensure prompt removal of inappropriate or unlawful content after transmission. The information contained on the SEMA Message Boards, Job Fair/Classifieds, and Chat Rooms are not reviewed for truth or accuracy and do not represent the opinions, beliefs, or statements of SEMA. Therefore, as a condition of using the SEMA Message Boards, Job Fair/ Classifieds, and Chat Rooms, in addition to all other disclaimers, representations, limitations, and indemnifications contained throughout this website, the User expressly represents that User understands and agrees to the following:
SEMA makes no representations about the suitability of the information contained on the SEMA Message Boards, Job Fair/Classifieds, and Chat Rooms for any purpose. SEMA makes no, and expressly disclaims, any representations or warranties, express or implied, regarding the SEMA Message Boards, Job Fair/ Classifieds, and Chat Rooms, including, without limitation, the accuracy, completeness or reliability of text, graphics or links. All information and services contained on the SEMA Message Boards, Job Fair/ Classifieds, and Chat Rooms are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, and no advice or information published by SEMA, its agents or representatives shall create any warranty.
In no event shall SEMA, its agents or representatives be held liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special or consequential damages, including attorney's fees, lost profits, or lost revenues, arising from or in any way connected with the use of the SEMA Message Boards, Job Fair/Classifieds, and Chat Rooms, or with the delay or inability to use the SEMA Message Boards, Job Fair/ Classifieds, and Chat Rooms, whether based on contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, even if SEMA and/or its agents or representatives have been advised of the possibility of damages. Portions of the above limitation may not be applicable to Users residing in states or jurisdictions which do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages.
Links to Internet Web Sites Maintained and Operated by Third Parties:
This web site contains links to Internet web sites maintained and operated by third parties. Neither SEMA, nor its agents, nor its representatives operate or control in any way any information, products, or services contained on such third party web sites. Links to Internet web sites maintained and operated by third parties are included solely for the benefit of Users, and do not constitute any endorsement by SEMA, its agents or representatives. Users expressly assume any and all responsibility related to their use of links to Internet web sites maintained and operated by third parties.
Indemnification of SEMA by User:
As a condition of using this web site, User agrees to indemnify and hold harmless SEMA, its officers, directors, employees and agents, and their respective successors and assigns, from and against any cause of action, loss, liability, damage, cost or expense of any nature whatsoever, whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise, including, without limitation, attorney's fees and costs (whether or not suit is brought), arising out of claims resulting from User's use of this web site, including, without limitation any claims alleging facts that if true would constitute a breach by User of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Copyright, Trademark and Service-mark Notices:
All contents of this web site are: Copyright 2009, Specialty Equipment Market Association, Inc., 1575 S. Valley Vista Drive, Diamond Bar, Calif. 91765. All rights reserved.
This web site is for the User's personal use only. User may not modify, copy, distribute, display, reproduce, publish, transmit, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any information or services obtained from this web site. However, Users may download copyrighted material for their individual and noncommercial use only.
Specialty Equipment Market Association, SEMA and other names of SEMA services are trademarks and/or service marks owned by the Specialty Equipment Market Association, and may not be used without the prior written consent of SEMA. Other service or product names referred to throughout this web site may be the trademarks, or service marks of their respective owners.
Modification of Terms and Conditions of This Agreement:
SEMA reserves the right to modify this Agreement at any time by revising the terms and conditions herein. It is the sole responsibility of Users to regularly review such terms and conditions. Continued use of this web site following any such changes shall constitute User's acceptance of such changes.
Governing Law
Unless expressly stated to the contrary elsewhere within this Agreement, all legal issues arising from or related to the use of the Services shall be construed in accordance with, and all questions with respect thereto shall be determined by, the laws of the state of California applicable to contracts entered into and wholly to be performed within said state.
Rate this article:
4
Average: 4 (2 votes)
Latest eNews
Oct 08 2020
YEN Member Spotlight: Discover Jonathan Barber’s Winning Recipe for a Successful Meeting
Oct 08 2020
PRO Volunteer Spotlight: Bill North on Embracing Change and Seeking Goodness in Other People
Oct 08 2020
Virginia Bills to Protect Enthusiasts From Unfair Citations Sent to Governor
Oct 08 2020
Special Discounts and Details On What Buyers Will See in SEMA360
Oct 08 2020
SEMA Receives Grant to Help Manufacturers Boost Export Sales
more
A love for cars, trucks and SUVs is the motivating force behind the Specialty Equipment Market Association (SEMA). This trade association consists of a diverse group of manufacturers, distributors, retailers, publishing companies, auto restorers, street rod builders, restylers, car clubs, race teams and more. Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020 SEMA. All rights reserved.