http://www.jobrien.com/privacy-policy
Home - Privacy Policy | J O'Brien Co.
Privacy PolicyWe will NEVER sell or rent your personal information.We realize that customers are concerned about how the information they provide online will be used. Your email address is protected safely within our company. J. Oӹrien Company, Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy and will use the information we collect about you to process your order and provide the most personalized and professional shopping experience.Purchases at J. Oӹrien Company, Inc. are SecureWhen we request personal information from you (e.g., name, address, phone number, credit card number, etc.), it is done over our secure servers using 128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) Encryption. Credit card information submitted through our electronic shopping carts is never stored by us.Information Collection and UsageWhen you place an order with J. Oӹrien Co. Inc., we ask you to provide information to complete and fill the order by filling out and submitting an on-line membership form. This information includes your contact information and email address. All information regarding our on-line customers is stored on a server that is protected by multiple firewall and SSL layers that exceed industry standards for data protection.To continuously assess the value of your online shopping experience, we may track the way customers use our site; however, this information is analyzed only in the cumulative and not at the individual level.J. Oӹrien Co., Inc. has a continuous commitment of providing excellent customer service. To this end, the information you provide us will help us tailor our communications and product offerings to assure you receive more of what you want and less of what you do not want when shopping with us.From time to time, we may notify you of special offers and/or send you online information that may be of interest to you based on information you have given us and your buying history. J. Oӹrien Co., Inc., from time to time may also provide names, addresses or e-mail addresses to strategic partners who have information, products or services that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of these emails at any time.You may elect not to receive promotional offers from or through us at any time by writing to us at J. Oӹrien Co., Inc., 40 Commerce St. Springfield, NJ 08824. You may also opt-out of all future email promotions by selecting the 'Unsubscribe' link evident at the bottom of our promotional emails.CookiesJ. Oӹrien Co. Inc. uses cookies to track new visitors to our site and recognize past customers so that we may present more personalized content. Cookies help make it easier for you to use our site, and they help us provide you with the information you need - when and where you need it. Cookies are never used to store either personal data nor sensitive information such as your password and/or credit card number.We do not know who you are unless you provided that information voluntarily. If you would like to place an order, but object to or are otherwise unable to use cookies, please feel to contact us.OtherIn an effort to provide you with superior customer service throughout your transaction, we may require your phone number when registering or completing your sale. Having your phone number will allow us to contact you in case we need to speak to you about your order to correct or complete inaccurate information. Please know that we do not ever sell your phone number information.Last Updated: January 2017