http://www.apgsensors.com/about-us/privacy-cookie-policy/
Skip to main content
(877) 373-5940     Log In
Breadcrumb
Home
About Us
APG - Privacy Statement & Cookie Policy
APG - Privacy Statement & Cookie Policy
Your privacy is important to Automation Products Group, Inc.
This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that Automation Products Group, Inc. (“APG,” “we,” or “us”) collects, and the ways in which APG uses that personal information.
It applies to personal information we collect on this website, in email, text, or other electronic messages between you and APG.
Personal information collection
APG may collect
information, such as your name, address, telephone number, email address, billing address, IP address, purchase history and shipping information that you provide to us when using this website or communicating with us.
We collect this information to fulfill our legitimate interest, which is to provide you with products you order and services you request and to establish and maintain our relationship with you.
Using personal information
APG may use your personal information to:
administer this website;
personalize the website for you;
enable your access to and use of the website services;
contact you and respond to your requests and inquiries;
transact business with you, including to establish and maintain our relationship with you; and
send you emails and newsletters that may be of interest to you.
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified above, APG may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
Disclosure of Information
APG may share your personal information with others, such as our affiliates, government entities and regulatory bodies, those with whom you have requested us to share information, contractors and service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business, including, for example, companies that provide us with technical support and assistance concerning this website, financial institutions who process payment for orders placed by you, our suppliers, and other third parties who facilitate delivery of the products you have purchased.
APG requires third parties who perform services for us to agree to treat your personal information confidentially and securely and only for the purpose of performing services on our behalf.
We may also share your personal information with a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of APG's assets.
Securing your personal information
APG takes reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction of your personal information.
We store all personal information you provide to us on secure servers.
Where your personal information is stored
APG is located in the United States.
Personal information you share with us is stored and processed in the United States.
However, to provide you with certain products or services you request, we may need to transfer your personal information to third parties located outside of the United States.
About Cookies
This website uses cookies.
By using this website, you consent to APG's use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.
Cookies are files sent by web servers to web browsers and are stored by the web browsers.
The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
This enables a web server to identify and track web browsers.
There are two types of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies.
Session cookies are deleted from your computer when you close your browser, whereas persistent cookies remain stored on your computer until deleted or until they reach their expiry date.
Cookies on our website
APG uses cookies on this website from various third parties, including Google Analytics.
APG uses Google Analytics to analyze the use of this website.
Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers.
The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website.
Google will store and use this information.
Google's privacy policy is available on a link on Google’s home page.
Refusing cookies
You may refuse to accept cookies by adjusting your browser settings.
However, if you refuse to accept cookies you may be unable to access certain parts of this website.
Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you visit our website.
Retention period
We retain your personal information for as long as you remain a customer and thereafter only for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this privacy statement, unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law including to fulfil a legal obligation.
External links
This website may, from time to time, contain links to external sites operated by third parties.
We are not responsible for these third-party sites or the content of such third-party sites.
Once you have left this website, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information that you provide.
You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement of any websites you visit.
Children under the age of 13
This website is not intended for children under 13 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.
If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this website or on or through any of its features and do not make any purchases through the website.
If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information.
If you believe we might have information from or about a child under 13, please contact us as described below.
Your rights
Individuals in the EEA and Switzerland have certain data subject rights that may be subject to limitations and restrictions.
These rights include the right to: (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of their personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or object to processing of their personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of their personal information to be provided to them or a third party in a machine readable format.
If you wish to exercise one of the above-mentioned rights, please send us your request to the contact details set out below.
Individuals also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of their personal information with their local data protection authority.
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
To make such a request, you may contact us as described below.
Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy statement, please contact us at privacy@apgsensors.com or by mail at:
Automation Products Group, Inc.
Attention: Webmaster
1025 West 1700 North
Logan UT 84321
USA
Please note that email communications are not necessarily secure.
Accordingly, you should not include credit card information or other sensitive information in your email correspondence to us.
Changes to this privacy statement
APG reserves the right to change this privacy statement.
Any changes to this privacy statement will become effective upon posting of the revised privacy statement on this website. If we make material changes to this privacy statement, we will notify you by means of a prominent notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective.
Last updated: May 14, 2018
Newsletter Signup
Made in the USA
COPYRIGHT © 2020 Automation Products Group, Inc.
COPYRIGHT © 2020 Automation Products Group, Inc.