https://www.teppfa.eu/privacy-statement/
Members Area
HomeApplications
Plastic pipe systems are used in a wide variety of applications in building and construction in Europe. TEPPFA subdivides the products into Civils (below ground non-pressure), Utilities (below ground pressure) and Building (above ground).
Civils
Reference ProjectsIndustry ResearchBuried Pipes Design
Buildings
Reference ProjectsIndustry Research
Utilities
Reference ProjectsIndustry Research
Sustainability
TEPPFA is committed to sustainability.  Plastic pipes have an expected lifetime of > 100 years (below ground) and save energy during > 50 years in buildings. At end of life they are recyclable.
Health & Wellbeing
Energy Efficiency
Circular Economy
Industry Initiatives
Responsible Production
Ecological Footprint
EPDsLCA Comparative Studies
Operation Clean Sweep
Benefits
Plastics have an incredible versatility for designing plastic pipes.  Learn all about the various plastic materials and production processes of pipes and fittings.
Benefits of Plastic Pipes
Fast guide to materials
Production Processes
Standards
Discover the wide range of product standards for plastic pipe systems developed by CEN/TC155 and how the European Drinking Water Directive imposes strict requirements on the products used to distribute to protect human health.
EN Standards
Drinking Water Directive
Media & Downloads
Discover TEPPFA’s wide information database and industry support documents including online calculation tools.
News Releases
Press ReleasesNewslettersPublication (Other)
Industry Research
BuildingsCivilsUtilities
Guides & Manuals
BuildingsCivilsUtilities
Position Papers
Reference Projects
Visual Media
About
TEPPFA is the leading voice of the plastic pipe and fitting systems in Europe. Discover the organisation, the management and its members.
OrganisationMembers
EventsContact
Members Area
Privacy Statement
We understand that your trust in us, is TEPPFA aisbl’s most important asset (hereinafter referred to as “TEPPFA”, “we” or “us”). As such, your privacy is essential for us.
This privacy statement (hereinafter referred to as “Privacy Statement”) is applicable, inter alia, to (i) our website https://www.teppfa.eu (hereinafter referred to as the “Website”); (ii) all (commercial) relations between TEPPFA and its members, prospects and business partners; (iii) when visiting the building/office of TEPPFA.
This Privacy Statement includes information about the personal data collected by TEPPFA, as well as the manner in which TEPPFA uses and processes this personal data.
TEPPFA wishes to emphasize that it always attempts to act in accordance with (i) the Belgian Privacy Law of 8 December 1992 on privacy protection in relation to the processing of personal data and/or (ii) the EU Regulation of 2016 concerning the protection of individuals with regards to the processing of personal data, regarding the free movement of such data and repealing Directive 95/46/EC and (iii) all (future) Belgian laws regarding the implementation of this Regulation.
Visiting the Website, appealing on the services of TEPPFA, subscribing for the newsletter/Magazine, any communication with TEPPFA, subscription to a seminar/webinar/event and downloading files implies your explicit approval (through disclosure of your personal information or opt-in) of the Privacy Statement and consequently how we collect, use and process your personal data.
Please read this Privacy Statement in conjunction with TEPPFA’s legal disclaimer and cookie policy.
Types of personal data
TEPPFA can collect and process the following personal data:
Title
Name
Surname
Position – function
Nationality
Sex
Account Name
E-mail address
Telephone number (landline and/or mobile phone)
Password
ID Number – Passport
Date of Birth
Social media data
Camera and video footage
Company Name
Company Address
Invoicing address and payment details
Geographical location data
IP-address
All personal data provided in the ‘free field’ when completing a contact form
All personal data freely provided to TEPPFA (e.g. in light of correspondence with TEPPFA)
[…]
TEPPFA also automatically collects anonymous information regarding your use of the Website. As such, TEPPFA shall, for example, automatically log which sections of the Website and Platform you visit, which web browser you use, which website you visited when you obtained access to the Website. We cannot identify you through these data, but it allows TEPPFA to draw up statistics regarding the use of the Website.
Methods of personal data collection:
These personal data are collected in the context of:
Visiting the Website
Collaboration with TEPPFA
Incoming and outgoing correspondence with TEPPFA
Visiting the office/building of TEPPFA
Registering and/or attending TEPPFA biennial Forum
Taking pictures, videos and minutes during any TEPPFA events
Subscription to the newsletter (whether or not through the Website)
Subscription to a webinar/seminar/event/etc.
Appealing on the services of TEPPFA, whether or not through the Website and/or whether or not via the Website a mobile device
Attending TEPPFA Working Group, Application Group and Task Force meetings
Verification of your identity (e.g. when a data subject contacts customer service)
Applying for a job at TEPPFA
Taking minutes during TEPPFA Working Group, Application Group and Task Force meetings
Exchanging business cards
Recording webinars and conference calls after prior consent
Registering visitors when entering the building
Invoicing
[…]
All personal data, collected by TEPPFA, are thus expressly and voluntarily provided by you.
Providing certain personal data is (sometimes) a requirement to be able to enjoy certain services (e.g. to gain access to certain parts of the Website, to subscribe to newsletters, to participate in certain activities and events). In this respect, it shall be indicated which data must be provided mandatory and which data is optional.
Use of personal data
TEPPFA can use your personal data for the following purposes:
Performance of the agreement with TEPPFA (incl. follow-up thereof)
Responding to questions (whether or not received through the contact form)
Optimising the quality, management and content of the Website
Sending newsletters
Creating statistics
Providing support/assistance (e.g. in case of problems)
Creation of an account (free or paying) and the confirmation thereof
Issuing invoices and the collection thereof
Follow-up of a meeting
Send targeted marketing and advertising, updates and promotional offers based on your communication preferences and – where applicable – upon explicit consent
Conducting customer satisfaction studies, surveys and other market research
To comply with Competition laws
Confirmation of the subscription of a webinar/seminar/event/etc.
Registration of visitors of the office/building of TEPPFA
Processing takes place on the following legal grounds, as the case may be:
You have given consent to the processing of your personal data for one or more specific purposes
Processing is necessary for the performance of the agreement with TEPPFA or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into an agreement
Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which TEPPFA is subject
Processing is necessary in order to protect your vital interests or of another natural person
Processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest
Processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by TEPPFA or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject, which require protection of personal data (in particular when you are a child).
Disclosure of personal data to third parties
TEPPFA shall not disclose your personal data to third parties, unless it is necessary in the context of performing the agreement and optimisation thereof (including but not limited to TEPPFA, external consultants, photographers, data centers, financial institutions, etc.). In this respect, your personal data may be disclosed to payment providers, software providers, cloud partner, transport partners.
If it is necessary that TEPPFA discloses your personal data to third parties, the third party concerned is required to use your personal data in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Statement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is however possible that TEPPFA discloses your personal data:
To the competent authorities (i) if TEPPFA is obliged to do so under the law or under legal or future legal proceedings and (ii) to safeguard and defend our rights
If TEPPFA, or the majority of its assets, are taken over by a third party, in which case your personal data – which TEPPFA has collected – shall be one of the transferred assets
In all other cases, TEPPFA will not sell, hire out or pass on your personal data to third parties, except when it (i) has obtained your permission to this end and (ii) has completed a data processing agreement with the third party in question, which contains the necessary guarantees regarding confidentiality and privacy compliance of your personal data.
Cross-border processing of personal data
Any transfer of personal data outside the European Economic Area (EEA) to a recipient whose domicile or registered office is in a country which does not fall under the adequacy decision enacted by the European Commission, shall be governed by the provisions of a data transfer agreement, which shall contain (i) the standard contractual clauses, as referred to in the ‘European Commission decision of 5 February 2010 (Decision 2010/87/EC)’, or (ii) any other mechanism pursuant to privacy legislation, or any other regulations pertaining to the processing of personal data.
Storage of personal data
Unless a longer storage period is required or justified (i) by law or (ii) through compliance with another legal obligation, TEPPFA shall only store your personal data for the period necessary to achieve and fulfill the purpose in question, as specified in the Privacy Statement under ‘Use of personal data’.
Your privacy rights
In light of the processing of your personal data, you enjoy the following privacy rights:
Right of access to your personal data
Right to rectification, completion or update of your personal data
Right to delete your personal data (‘right to be forgotten’). (TEPPFA wishes to point out that in this context certain services will no longer be accessible and/or can no longer be provided if you delete resp. request deletion of certain required personal data)
Right to limit the processing of your personal data
Right to transferability of your personal data
Right to object to/oppose the processing of your personal data
If you wish to invoke your privacy rights please contact info@teppfa.eu
In principle, you can exercise these rights free of charge. In addition, you can always, via your personal account, update, modify and/or verify your personal data, which you were required to submit when creating your account.
If you no longer wish to receive newsletters or information about the services of TEPPFA, you can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” button underneath each of TEPPFA’s impersonal emails, or by replying “unsubscribe”.
Security of personal data
TEPPFA undertakes to take reasonable, physical, technological and organisational precautions in order to avoid (i) unauthorised access to your personal information, and (ii) loss, abuse or alteration of your personal data.
TEPPFA shall store all personal data, which it has collected in a combination of onsite and in the cloud with data centre(s) in EU.
Notwithstanding TEPPFA’ security policy, the checks it carries out and the actions it proposes in this context, an infallible level of security cannot be guaranteed. Since no method of transmission or forwarding over the internet, or any method of electronic storage is 100% secure, TEPPFA is, in this context, not in a position to guarantee absolute security.
Finally, the security of your account will also partly depend on the confidentiality and complexity of your password. TEPPFA will never ask for your password, meaning that you will never be required to communicate it personally. If you have nonetheless communicated your password to a third party – for example because this third party has indicated that it wishes to offer additional services – this third party shall have access to your account and your personal data via your password. In such cases, you are liable for the transactions which occur as a result of the use made of your account. TEPPFA therefore strongly advises you, if you observe that someone has accessed your account, to immediately change your password and contact us.
Update Privacy Statement
TEPPFA is entitled to update this Privacy Statement by posting a new version on the Website. As such, it is strongly recommended to regularly consult the Website and the page displaying the Privacy Statement, to make sure that you are aware of any changes.
Other websites
The Website may potentially contain hyperlinks to other websites. When you click on one of these links, you may be redirected to another website or internet source that could collect information about you through cookies or other technologies. TEPPFA does not bear any responsibility, liability or control authority over these other websites or internet resources, nor about their collection, use and disclosure of your personal data. You must check the privacy statements of these other websites and internet sources in order to be able to judge whether they act in accordance with the Privacy Legislation.
Contact TEPPFA
If you have questions and/or remarks about this Privacy Statement or the manner in which TEPPFA collects, uses and/or processes your personal data, please contact us:
Via e-mail: info@teppfa.eu
or
Via post: Avenue de Cortenbergh 71, 1000 Brussels
In case you are not satisfied with the way TEPPFA handled your questions and/or remarks or have any complaints about the way TEPPFA collects, uses and and/or processes your personal data, note that you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Privacy Commission.
×
Subscribe to our mailing list
* indicates required
Email Format
html
text