http://www.odney.com/privacy/
to the top of the page
About
Results
Latest
People
Capabilities
Contact
About
Results
Latest
People
Capabilities
Contact
Coronavirus/COVID-19:
See Latest Updates
AboutResultsLatestPeopleCapabilitiesContact
Home  »
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to www.odney.com and Odney Inc. and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Odney Inc. include www.odney.com and Odney. By using the Odney website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
In order to better provide you with products and services offered on our Site, Odney may collect personally identifiable information, such as your:
First and Last Name
Mailing Address
E-mail Address
Phone Number
Employer
Job Title
If you purchase Odney's products and services, we collect billing information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction.
Odney may also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your:
Age
Gender
Race
Religion
Political Affiliation
Household Income
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) sending us an email message; (c) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Use of your Personal Information
Odney collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Odney may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Odney and its affiliates.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
Odney may sell, rent, or lease customer information to third parties for the following reasons:
Commercial and political purposes
Odney may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is transferred to the third party. Odney may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Odney, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Odney may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Odney or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Odney; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Odney, or the public.
Opt-Out of Sale or Disclosure of Personal Information to Third Parties
In connection with any personal information we may sell or disclose to a third party for a business purpose, you have the right to know:
The categories of personal information about you that we sold and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold; and
The categories of personal information that we disclosed about you for a business purpose.
You have the right under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and certain other privacy and data protection laws, as applicable, to opt-out of the sale or disclosure of your personal information. If you exercise your right to opt-out of the sale or disclosure of your personal information, we will refrain from selling or disclosing your personal information, unless you subsequently provide express authorization for the sale or disclosure of your personal information.
Tracking User Behavior
Odney may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Odney, in order to determine what Odney services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Odney to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Odney. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Odney website.
Use of Cookies
The Odney website may use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Odney pages, or register with Odney site or services, a cookie helps Odney to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Odney website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Odney features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Odney services or websites you visit.
Links
This website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Security of your Personal Information
Odney secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Odney uses the following methods for this purpose:
SSL Protocol
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
Right to Deletion
Subject to certain exceptions set out below, on receipt of a verifiable request from you, we will:
Delete your personal information from our records; and
Direct any service providers to delete your personal information from their records.
Please note that we may not be able to comply with requests to delete your personal information if it is necessary to:
Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, provide a good or service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between you and us;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity;
Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act;
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us;
Comply with an existing legal obligation; or
Otherwise use your personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
Children Under Thirteen
Odney does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe from Third Party Communications
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from third-party partners of Odney by contacting us here:
Web page: www.odney.com
Email: sgoettle@odney.com
Phone: (701) 222-8721
E-mail Communications
From time to time, Odney may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication. In order to improve our Services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from Odney or click on a link therein.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from Odney, you may opt out of such communications by replying STOP or clicking on the UNSUBSCRIBE button.
External Data Storage Sites
We may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.
Changes to this Statement
Odney reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
Odney welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Odney has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Odney at:
Odney Inc.
117 W Front Ave
BISMARCK, North Dakota 58504
Email Address:
sgoettle@odney.com
Telephone number:
7012228721
Effective as of October 28, 2020
Capabilities
AdvertisingDigital MediaSocial MediaWeb DevelopmentMedia Planning / BuyingPublic AffairsPublic RelationsResearchPolitical CampaignsIssue ManagementBrandingDesignStrategic Assessment / Planning
Got Questions?
Bismarck Office:
117 West Front Avenue
Bismarck, ND 58504
701.222.8721
Minot Office:
2400 E Burdick Expy, Suite 102
Minot, ND 58701
701.857.7205
© 2020 Odney. All rights reserved.        Privacy    Sitemap    Let's Connect
Our News