https://www.web-translations.com/additionalinfo/privacy-policy/
Privacy notice
At Web-Translations, we respect and protect the privacy of all organisations and individuals.
This policy explains when and why we collect personal information about people who visit our website, how we use it, the conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.
We may change this Policy from time to time so please check this page occasionally to ensure that you’re happy with any changes. By using our website, you’re agreeing to be bound by this Policy.
Any questions regarding this Policy and our privacy practices should be sent by email to enquiries@web-translations.com or by writing to 15 Queen Square, Leeds, LS2 8AJ. Alternatively, you can telephone 0113 815 0460.
Who are we?
Web-Translations Limited is a translation and localisation company based in Leeds.  We work primarily on a B2B basis, helping our clients to trade internationally.
How do we collect information from you, including the use of ‘cookies’?
Like many other websites, the Web-Translations website uses cookies. ‘Cookies’ are small pieces of information sent by an organisation to your computer and stored on your hard drive to allow that website to recognise you when you visit. They collect statistical data about your browsing actions and patterns and do not identify you as an individual. For example, we use cookies to store your country preference. This helps us to improve our website and deliver a better more personalised service.
It is possible to switch off cookies by setting your browser preferences. For more information on how to switch off cookies on your computer, visit our full cookies policy. Turning cookies of may result in a loss of functionality when using our website.
We also collect information from you when you fill in our contact forms, or request to sign up to our newsletters.
What type of information is collected from you?
The personal information we collect might include your name, company name, company address, company phone number, email address, IP address, and information regarding what pages are accessed and when.  We do not collect payment details online, as you cannot make a purchase via our website. We promise not to collect any personal information from you except when specifically and knowingly provided.
How is your information used?
We may use your information to:
provide a quotation;
process orders that you have submitted;
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into by you and us;
seek your views or comments on the services we provide;
notify you of changes to our services;
send you communications which you have requested and that may be of interest to you. These may include promotions of our services;
process an application for freelance translation services.
We review our retention periods for personal information on a regular basis. We are legally required to hold some types of information to fulfil our statutory obligations (for example invoices for HMRC). We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with us.
We may contact potential B2B customers, or existing customers, to provide them with information about our products and services, pricing updates and promotional offers.  We will only contact individuals at a business who we believe would not be surprised by our contact or likely to object, and whose business we believe may be interested in/benefit from our services.
We would use contact details which are in the public domain or which we have been provided with by the individuals themselves or their companies.
Who has access to your information?
Individually identifiable information is not disclosed to any third party without your prior permission. Personal information means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, (but not limited to) a first and last name, home or other physical addresses and/or email addresses or other contact information, whether at work or home.
Your choices
You have a choice about whether or not you wish to receive information from us. If you do not want to receive direct marketing communications from us, then please change your marketing preferences at any time by contacting us by email: enquiries@web-translations.com or telephone on 0113 8150460.
We will not contact you for marketing purposes if you have indicated that you do not wish to be contacted.
We will never contact private individuals for marketing purposes; our focus is B2B services.
How you can access and update your information
The accuracy of your information is important to us. We’re working on ways to make it easier for you to review and correct the information that we hold about you. In the meantime, if you change email address, or any of the other information we hold is inaccurate or out of date, please email us at: enquiries@web-translations.com or telephone on 0113 8150460.
You have the right to ask for a copy of the information Web-Translations holds about you.
Security precautions in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of your information
When you give us personal information, we take steps to ensure that it’s treated securely. We do not store sensitive information (such as credit or debit card details) as we do not accept card payments.
Non-sensitive details (your email address etc.) are transmitted normally over the Internet, and this can never be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your information, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.
Profiling
We do not use personal information in profiling; we only carry out profiling at business level.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites run by other organisations. This Privacy Policy applies only to our website‚ so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from our website.
In addition, if you linked to our website from a third party site, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners and operators of that third party site and recommend that you check the policy of that third party site.
16 or Under
We are concerned to protect the privacy of children aged 16 or under. If you are aged 16 or under‚ please get your parent/guardian’s permission beforehand whenever you provide us with personal information.
Transferring your information outside of Europe
As part of the services offered to you through this website, the information which you provide to us may be transferred to countries outside the European Union (EU). By way of example, this may happen if any of our servers are from time to time located in a country outside of the EU. These countries may not have similar data protection laws to the UK. By submitting your personal data, you’re agreeing to this transfer, storing or processing. If we transfer your information outside of the EU in this way, we will take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this Policy.
If you use our services while you are outside the EU, your information may be transferred outside the EU in order to provide you with those services.
Review of this Policy
We keep this Policy under regular review. This Policy was last updated in May 2018.
About Us
Our Team
Our Expertise
Additional Resources
Careers
Translator Hub
United Kingdom
15 Queen Square
Leeds, West Yorkshire
LS2 8AJ
Tel: 0333 303 4359
Spain
c/Gobelas, 17 - Bajo izquierda
Urbanizacion La Florida
28023 Madrid
Tel: +34 91 622 78 83
Free Quote
Get a free quote for your translation...
Add file
By continuing to use this site, you agree to the use of cookies. For more information, read our Privacy Policy AcceptThe cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" below then you are consenting to this.Close