http://www.kirkkey.com/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy
Ensuring Your Website Experience is a Pleasurable One
Home > Cookie Policy
COOKIE Notice
Kirk uses cookies to enhance the experience of visitors to our web sites. We use both session cookies and persistent cookies on the Site.  A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a your computer for record-keeping purposes.  We may link the information we store in certain cookies to your personal information in order to provide a faster and more pleasant online experience.  You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use the Site.  If you reject cookies, you may still visit our Site, but your ability to use some areas of the Site will be limited.
We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate the Site.  In particular we use session cookies to record session information, such as which web pages you have visited, and to track your activity on the Site.  We also use session cookies to store any passwords used on the Site (such as a password associated with a User account), so you do not have to enter it more than once per session.  Session cookies expire when you close your browser.
We use persistent cookies to track and target your interests to enhance the experience on our Site.  Persistent cookies remain on your device for an extended period of time.  You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your browser’s “help” file.
When we do this, we will provide information on the cookies used.  We will also provide choices regarding how you manage the cookies, including the ability to op-out of accepting the cookies.
Kirk’s cookies can be further categorized below:
Strictly Necessary Cookies:  The cookies are required for the website’s functionality.  They cannot be turned off.
Performance Cookies:  These cookies provide no information about the user.  They send us information about the web site, such as which pages are viewed and if there are any errors.  No personal data is collected, we only receive aggregate information.
Functional Cookies:  When a web site offers personalization (language, location, etc.), this information is stored in Functional cookies.  When these cookies are removed, these personalization choices need to be re-selected.  These cookies can also be used to offer services from other site, such as viewing videos.  These cookies do not track activity on other sites.  They are anonymous.
Targeting Cookies:  When our sites offer advertising, these cookies ensure the advertising is relevant.  They are also used to determine how effective the advertising campaigns are.  When these cookies are from 3rd Parties, they share information with the 3rd Party (typically advertisers).  They may also support functionality provided by the 3rd Party.
Social Media Cookies:  The cookies are used by social media providers to build profiles of visitors.  The user gets the benefit of the functionality they provide, such as interacting with the social media platform or sharing content with others on the social media platform.
These cookies can come from either Kirk and its affiliates (first-party cookies) or from other companies (third-party cookies).  Again, we will provide choices regarding how you manage the cookies, including the ability to op-out of accepting cookies.  Note:  restricting the use of cookies may impact the performance of this web site.
Other ways we track the use of our content
Some of our web sites and communications use Pixels to track the use of our content.  Pixels (also know as Web Beacons) will report anonymized information regarding which communications are opened and which links are clicked.  This helps us keep our content relevant and engaging to our consumers.
This Policy does not apply to any third-party cookies.  We are not responsible for third party privacy practices. Please consult each third party’s privacy policy for details about how that party collects and processes your personal information.
This site uses cookies. To see how cookies are used, please review our cookie notice. If you agree to our use of cookies, please continue to use our site.
ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.