http://www.plasticcards.com/page/privacypolicy
Plastic Card Material Choices
Bar Codes Explained
Bar Code Test Sheet
(pdf file)
The Beginner's Guide to Magnetic Stripes
Suggested Wording for Disclaimers
Gift Card Laws: State by State
What to Know When Ordering Embossing
Gift Card Software
Foil Colors
ARTICLES
Articles Central: Browse Our Articles
Latest Articles:
Add Braille To Your Gift Cards
Gift Card Laws: State-by-State
This Small Business Mistake is So Easy to Fix!
FAQ
FREE Sample Kit
Other CardPrinting.com Resources
About CardPrinting.com
General Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Custom quote
Contact Us
Free Sample Kit
Rush Printing
Design Services
Free Art Evaluation
Oops!
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Welcome to our web site, CardPrinting.com
This privacy policy explains how we collect, use, and protect information about you, as you visit the public pages available through this website, CardPrinting.com. Your name, business, contact details, ,professional interests and affiliations may well already be publicly available. We have created this Privacy Policy because we recognize that even in a business context you may have a need and expectation that your identity and interests be kept anonymous or private in certain circumstances. We want to be clear about when and how we protect that expectation.
Information We Collect About You
You may visit a number of pages throughout the website without registration. We do not use cookies to gather and record information about your visits or form requests. We collect the information you or the company you represent gives us:
When you fill out a form or request, providing your name, company.
When you contact us with questions or comments.
How We Use Information About You
We will only use the information we collect about you to contact you about your requests, email you price quotes and/or promotional material and mail you samples you requested.
Choice and Access
You may choose not to receive marketing emails from us by un-checking the promotions box on our forms or by an Email request.
Disclosure to Third Parties
We do not disclose emails to any third party for any reason. All emails are kept securely and are not transferred to any other entities.
Changes to This Policy
We may change the provisions of this policy from time to time and urge you to check back here periodically. Your continued use of any of the websites or pages within the scope of this policy will be your acceptance of the version of the policy in place at the time of your visit.
Contact Us
If you have questions about this policy or its use, please contact sales@tele-pak.com.
CardPrinting.com / Tele-Pak Inc.
PO Box 430
Monsey, NY 10952
Revised January 9, 2006
Oops!
Success!
Sending quote....