http://www.designforceinc.com/privacy-policy
Skip navigation
Our StoryWhat We DoConsultingIndustriesTargetsNewsTestimonialsPackage DesignLicensing Program DesignCase StudiesDF25NewsletterBlogWhite PapersInsightsSearch
Email
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Privacy Policy
Design Force, Inc. Website Privacy StatementThis
Privacy Statement sets forth the information gathering, use, and dissemination
practices of Design Force, Inc. ("Design Force") in connection with
the World Wide Web site located at www.designforceinc.com and any related
sites (the
"Site"). This Privacy Statement addresses Design Force's practices
regarding information collected only directly through or from the Site - it
does not address or govern any information gathering, use, or dissemination
practices related to information collected other than directly through or from
the Site, including, without limitation, from or via telephone, facsimile,
postal mail, personal delivery, or other or additional offline means or media. Design
Force can be contacted at in@designforceinc.com
or by telephone at 856.810.2277.
1. Collection of Personal Information from
Site Visitors
Design
Force may collect or track (1) the e-mail addresses of visitors that
communicate with Design Force via e-mail, (2) information knowingly provided by
the visitor in online forms, registration forms, surveys, e-mail, the
"Contact Us" section of the Site, and other online avenues
(including, but not limited to, demographic, business profile, and personal
profile data), (3) the home server domain names, e-mail addresses, type of
client computer, files downloaded, search engine used, operating system, and
type of Web browser of visitors to the Site, and (4) aggregate and
user-specific information regarding which pages Site visitors access.
Design
Force may place Internet "cookies" on visitors' hard drives. Internet
cookies save data about individual visitors, such as the visitor's name,
password, user-name, shopping cart, screen preferences, and the pages of a site
viewed by the visitor. When the visitor revisits the Site, Design Force may
recognize the visitor by the Internet cookie and customize the visitor's
experience accordingly. Visitors may decline Internet cookies, if any, by using
the appropriate feature of their Web client software, if available.
Design
Force also may use Web bugs to gather, store, and track certain information
related to your visit to and activity on the Site. A Web "bug" is a
file object, which can be a graphic image such as a transparent one
pixel-by-one pixel graphics file, which is placed on a Web page or in an e-mail
message to monitor user activity. A Web bug can gather, for example, the IP
address of your computer, the time the Web page was viewed, and the type of
browser used.
When
a visitor performs a search within the Site, Design Force may record
information identifying the visitor or linking the visitor to the search
performed. Design Force may also record limited information for every search
request and use that information to solve technical problems with the services
available directly or indirectly in connection with the Site and to calculate
overall usage statistics.
2. Use of Personal Data Collected
Personal
data collected by Design Force may be used by Design Force for many reasons,
for example, for editorial and feedback purposes, for product development, for
content improvement, for fulfillment of a requested transaction or recordkeeping,
for marketing and promotional purposes, for a statistical analysis of users'
behavior, or to customize the content and layout of the Site. Aggregate data on
visitors' home servers may be used for internal purposes, and individually
identifying information, such as names, postal and e-mail addresses, phone
numbers, and other personal information which visitors voluntarily provide to Design
Force may be added to Design Force's databases and used for future calls and
mailings regarding Site updates, new products and services, and upcoming
events.
Design
Force also may use Site visitor data to contact the Site visitors regarding
account status and changes to the Terms of Use, and/or these Privacy Statement,
and any other policies or agreements relevant to Site visitors.
3. Disclosure of Personal Data to Third
Parties
Aggregate
data on visitors' home servers and individually identifying information, such
as names, postal and e-mail addresses, and phone numbers, may be disclosed or
distributed to another party with which Design Force enters or reasonably may
enter into a corporate transaction, such as, for example, a merger,
consolidation, acquisition, or asset purchase, or to a third party pursuant to
a subpoena, court order, or other form of legal process, in response to a
request by or on behalf of any local, state, federal, or other government
agency, department, or body, whether or not pursuant to a subpoena, court
order, or other form of legal process, or if determined by Design Force in its
sole judgment that such disclosure or distribution is appropriate to protect
the life, health, or property of Design Force or any other person or entity.
While
Design Force may undertake efforts to see that any third party to which Design
Force shares, rents, sells, or otherwise discloses personal data is under a
contractual obligation to use the personal data solely for the purposes for
which the data was disclosed, such third parties are independent third parties
over which Design Force exercises no control. Design Force is not responsible
for, and will not be liable for, their conduct, actions, omissions, or
information handling or dissemination practices.
This
Site may contain links to other World Wide Web sites or advertisements for or
placed by third parties. Design Force is not responsible for the privacy
practices of such Web sites, advertisers, or third parties, or for the content
of such sites or advertisements. It is possible that these links or
advertisements, themselves, may be used by third parties or others to collect
personal or other information about Site visitors. It is solely the visitors'
obligation to review and understand the privacy practices and policies of these
other Web sites and of these advertisers and third parties.
4. Security Measures
Design
Force has implemented security features that are designed to prevent the
unauthorized release of or access to personal information. The confidentiality
of any communication or material transmitted to or from Design Force via this
Site or via e-mail cannot be and is not guaranteed. Accordingly, Design Force
is not responsible for the security of information transmitted via the
Internet. Instead of communicating with Design Force via e-mail or the
Internet, visitors can contact Design Force by telephone at 856.810.2277.
5. Opt-Out Right
Except
as necessary for Design Force to provide the services, information, or
products
requested by a visitor, the visitor may opt out of having his or her
personally
identifiable information, which has been voluntarily provided to Design
Force
through an account registration, customer order, or electronic news or
information subscription, prospectively retained by Design Force, used
by Design
Force for secondary purposes, or disclosed by Design Force to third
parties by
contacting Design Force via postal mail, e-mail, or telephone at the
addresses or number found in the "contact" section of the Site. (This
does not apply to collection of the type of Web browser of
the visitor to the Site or to information provided or collected that
does not
meet the description in this Section 5).
6. Access to and Ability to Correct
Personal Data
Upon
a visitor's request via postal mail, e-mail, or telephone, Design Force will
provide to the visitor a summary of any personally identifiable information
retained by Design Force regarding the visitor, which information has been
voluntarily provided by a visitor to Design Force through an account
registration, customer order, or electronic news or information subscription. A
visitor may modify, correct, change or update their personally identifiable
information by contacting Design Force via postal mail, e-mail, or telephone at
the addresses or numbe found in the "contact" section of the Site..
7. Right to Change Privacy Statement
Design
Force may change this Privacy Statement at any time. Notice of any new or
revised Privacy Statement, as well as the location of the new or revised
statement, will be posted on the Site for at least 60 days after the change. It
is the obligation of users returning to the Site to learn of changes to the
Privacy Statement since their last visit. Any change to this Privacy Statement
shall be effective as to any visitor who has visited the Site before the change
was made.
This
Privacy Statement is effective June 1, 2011.
Last
updated: June 1, 2011
For more information, please contact in@designforceinc.com.
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyCareers &copy2020 Design Force, Inc.     6 Elderberry Drive, Medford, NJ 08055
856.810.2277