http://www.groupmgmt.com/privacy-policy/
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority.
This Statement of Privacy applies to the information gathering, usage and dissemination practices for GMS’ websites.
By using the GMS website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
If you read or download information, we automatically collect and store:
the requested web page
the domain from which you access the Internet
the date and time you access our site
status of the request
the type and version of your web browser (Firefox, Explorer, etc.)
Use of your Personal Information
GMS collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
GMS may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other available products or services.
GMS does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
GMS will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
(a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on GMS or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of GMS; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users or the public.
Links to External Sites
GMS may contain links to third-party websites, products, and services. Upon leaving the GMS web site, you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site.
Information collected by third parties, which may include such things as location data or contact details, is governed by their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of those third parties.
Security of your Personal Information
GMS secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
Get a Quote Today
Find out for yourself by contacting us today at (330) 659-0100. We'll provide you with the information along with a side by side comparison of services and cost savings.
Back to Top
Contact Us
Get a Quote
In This Section:
Privacy Policy