http://www.wolf-safety.co.uk/privacy-policy
Share on Twitter
Share on Facebook
Share on Facebook
Share on LinkedIn
Share on LinkedIn
Share on LinkedIn
skip to main content
You are here:
HOME
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. This notice explains our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is used at our Website (www.wolfsafety.com, www.wolf-safety.co.uk or www.wolfsafety.ae).
The information we collect
We do not collect personally identifiable information about you - such as your name, address, telephone number, fax number, e-mail address, etc. – unless you choose to fill out a 'Brochure Request' form or ‘Enquiry Form’, found on many of the pages of the site or to email or live chat with us directly.  Such information is processed using consent as the legal basis.
We do automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit our site – such as the type of browser you are using, the type of operating system you are using, and the domain name of your Internet service provider.
How we normally use information about you
We use non-personally identifiable information to analyse site usage (such as aggregated information on the pages visited by our users), which allows us to improve the design and content of our site.
In the ordinary course of business, we use personally identifiable information you provide solely to respond to your inquiry or process a document request you have completed on various sections of our Web site.  We may periodically send emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting, or for market research purposes, using the email address which you have provided.  The email will have a simple opt-out procedure within it should you not wish to receive further emails.
Any data gathered will be shared, if appropriate, with any of the distributors of Wolf Safety throughout the world, including the United States, Europe and Asia and any third parties who provide services on our behalf. Personal Information which users in the European Union provide to us may be transferred to other countries (including the United States), the data protection laws of which may differ from those of the European Union, and you expressly agree to such transfer.
We will not contact you about other matters, unless you specifically request it, nor will we share, rent, or sell your personally identifiable information outside Wolf Safety, except where we are required to share your information with any third parties who provide services on our behalf. If you are interested in applying for a job at Wolf Safety and choose to submit CV information by email, we will use it only for the internal application review process. We will not voluntarily share, rent or sell it outside Wolf Safety, except where we are required to share your information with any third parties who provide services on our behalf.
However, it is possible, though unlikely, that we might be forced to disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process or when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, for example, in response to a valid court order.
Also, we cannot guarantee the privacy of personal information you transmit over the web or that may be collectable in transit by others, including contractors who provide services to us.
Collection of information by third-party sites
Our site contains links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites' privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.  Once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies. A cookie is a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer's hard disk so that the website can remember who you are. A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come, the "lifetime" of the cookie, and a value, usually a randomly generated unique number. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site and services.
We may use cookies in the following ways:
Where they are essential to make our site work
To enable the personalisation features on our site (which give you the ability to recall recently viewed pages and see information which you have input on line)
To compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how users use our site and to help us improve the structure of our site. We cannot identify you personally in this way.
For detailed information about cookies and how they are used on our website, see our Cookie Policy.
Disabling/enabling cookies
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser. However, you may not be able to use all the interactive features of our site if cookies are disabled. For further information about disabling or blocking cookies, please see 'Can I withdraw my consent?' in our Cookie Policy.
Our commitment to security
We employ security measures to prevent unauthorized access to information that we collect online. However, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information.
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about the privacy policy for Wolf Safety or its implementation, you may contact us at privacy@wolfsafety.com. If at any time you decide that we should no longer hold any of your personal data, wish to change the use to which any such data can be put, or believe any personal information we are holding is incorrect or incomplete, please let us know by emailing us at privacy@wolfsafety.com.  You can also contact us at privacy@wolfsafety.com to request details of the personal information which we hold about you.
Revisions to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to revise this policy or any part of it from time to time.  Please review the policy periodically for changes.
Wolf Safety Lamp Co Ltd (“Wolf Safety”) is the world’s leading manufacturer of hazardous area portable and temporary lighting, offering the widest range of ATEX and IECEX certified explosion protected lighting and power distribution systems designed in the UK for safe use in potentially explosive atmospheres worldwide.