http://www.awriteresume.com/termsforservice.htm
Press Room
About Us
Testimonials
Services & Rates
Resume Services
Student/Entry
Level
Mid Level
Management
Professional
Level
Executive
Level
Military
Resumes
Curriculum Vitae
Pilot Resumes
Airline Resumes
Federal Resumes
& KSA
Interview
Coaching
Career Assessment
Federal Resumes
& KSA
Outplacement
Prices
Order Now!
Resources
Job Seeking Tips
Contact Us
Call toll free at:
1.866.726.9052
We Proudly Accept:
Would you like to see our "Extreme
Makeover" Resume Samples?
Haven't Interviewed in many years? Prepare
for your interview, whether you are entry or executive level,
with our interview preparation consultation.
Sign up for The Write Resume newsletter to receive valuable employment trend information and special offers
Email:
The Write Resume Terms and Conditions
for Career Services
Terms of Use of Products or Services
By entering, viewing pages, and / or using our website and / or becoming a client of The Write Resume, you agree to be bound by this agreement regardless of whether or not specific action is taken on your part to constitute agreement.
Pricing and Services
By using our products and services, you acknowledge that you
have read, understood, and accepted our pricing and services. Our pricing for services is based upon a one-hour telephone consultation. Any consultation time in excess of the one-hour initial consultation will be charged at $175 per hour.
Of course, our prices are listed in US dollars. You also agree that the normal turnaround time for resume projects is 7-14 business days following our formal, scheduled telephone consultation. You agree that The Write Resume is under no obligation to deliver your resume prior to the 7-14 business day timeframe. If you require rush service, which is defined as any time sooner than the stated timeframe above, additional fees will apply.
Proofreading and Accuracy
You are responsible for career documents' completeness and
accuracy, and for proofreading. We are not liable for any
injury or damage caused by omissions, false statements, or
other inaccuracies.
Revisions
You must review all career documents and notify us of any
needed corrections within 7 days of the date draft copy was
e-mailed to you. If you wish to make revisions thereafter,
you will be charged at a rate the professional rate of $175
per hour - minimum 1/4 hour.
Guarantee
Please visit our guarantee page (www.awriteresume.com/guarantee.htm) to reivew the steps that need to be taken for our 60-day rewrite guarantee to be valid.
Refunds
Once
you have paid for your services, set an appointment, and received our resume
development questions (we track all email and telephone conversations), there
will be no refunds. You acknowledge that our time spent reviewing initial
documents, and / or preparing for and conducting client interviews, and / or communicating with
you, and / or preparing resumes and other documents, and / or providing all other products
and services, is compensable.
You agree that if our pricing or fee schedules are rejected
by a court or arbitrator, then you will compensate us at the
rate of $175 per hour, with a minimum charge of $175. Time
beyond the first hour will be rounded up to the nearest 1/4
hour.
We do, however, guarantee that you will get interviews with
your résumé if used correctly (please read our interview rewrite
guarantee at www.awriteresume.com/guarantee.htm). Should you
feel that your résumé is not effective in the marketplace,
we will together review the résumé and your documentation
of submissions to appropriate employers. Then, we will rewrite
the résumé, if necessary.
Cancellation, Chargeback Fees, & Refusal of Service
By
purchasing our services, you agree that time is of the essence and that you
expressly acknowledge and waive your right to cancel this Agreement or request
a chargeback from your credit card company under laws governing the State of
Arizona or applicable State, whichever is more stringent. Clients who attempt to cancel their payment will be immediately
charged a $175 cancellation or chargeback fee, in addition to any legal fees
incurred by The Write Resume, as well as time spent preparing documentation,
appearances in court, or responding to chargeback requests at $175 per hour,
with a minimum charge of $175.
Time beyond the first hour will be rounded up to
the nearest 1/4 hour. The Write Resume will not be liable for any monetary
compensation or attorney fees if a legal dispute arises. We reserve the right
to refuse service to anyone or to cancel service to anyone.
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone or to cancel
service to anyone.
Electronic Files & Disk Copies
We provide your career documents in Microsoft Word format.
We cannot otherwise guarantee the compatibility of files with
your systems or that documents will retain their original
formatting features. We may keep electronic or paper copies
of documents indefinitely.
Copyright
Content on this site is our exclusive property or the exclusive
property of our affiliates, and is protected by law. The compilation
of content on this site is our exclusive property and is protected
by law.
We expressly reserve all rights related to our copyrights.
Trademarks and Other Intellectual Property
The Write Resume and www.awriteresume.com indicated on our
site are our trademarks or other intellectual property. Our
trademarks, trade dress, trade names, brand names, slogans,
logos, graphics, and other intellectual property are protected
by law. Among other things, they may not be used (a) in connection
with any product or service that is not ours, (b) in any manner
that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or © in
any manner that disparages or discredits us.
We expressly reserve all rights related to our trademarks
and other intellectual property.
Other trademarks appearing on this site are the property of
their respective owners.
Privacy
We ask you when we need information that personally identifies
you ("Personal Information") such as your name and contact
information. We use your Personal Information to operate our
site and services. We may also inform you of our new features,
services, and products. Your Personal Information is not shared
with anyone who does not work for or with us, except with
your permission.
We keep client provided writing samples, resumes, and other
information confidential. Again, they are not shared with
anyone who does not work for or with us, except with your
permission.
We reserve the right to use our work (including resumes and
other work prepared for you) and your questions, comments,
and feedback in instructional, promotional, or other material.
We will remove your Personal Information from any such work.
We may use cookies to count users to our sites but these cookies
do not contain any Personal Information.
License and Site Access
We grant you a limited license to access and make personal
use of this site and not to download (other than page caching)
or modify it, or any portion of it, except with our express
written consent.
This license does not include any resale or commercial use
of this site or its contents; any collection and use of any
product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative
use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying
of account information for the benefit of another merchant;
or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering
and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site
may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited,
or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without
our express written consent.
You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose
any of our trademark, logo, or other proprietary information
(including images, text, page layout, or form) or that of
our affiliates and our affiliates without express written
consent.
You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing
our name or trademarks without our express written consent.
Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license
granted by us.
You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right
to create a hyperlink to our home page so long as the link
does not portray The Write Resume or www.awriteresume.com,
its resume writers, its affiliates, or their products or services
in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive
matter. Moreover, you may not use any of our logos or other
proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without
our express written permission.
Reviews, Comments, Communications, Essays, Resumes, and
Other Content
Visitors may post reviews, comments, essays, resumes, and
other content; send other communications; and submit suggestions,
ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long
as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory,
invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights,
or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and
does not consist of or contain software viruses, political
campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass
mailings, or any form of "spam." You may not use a false e-mail
address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead
as to the origin of a card or other content. We reserve the
right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content,
but do not regularly review posted content.
If you do post content or submit material including essays
and resumes, you grant us and our affiliates a nonexclusive,
royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sub-licensable
right to edit, use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate,
create derivative works from, distribute, and display such
content subject to the Privacy Policy. You represent and warrant
that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the
content that you post; that the content is accurate; that
use of the content you supply does not violate this policy
and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that
you will indemnify us and our affiliates for all claims resulting
from content you supply. We have the right but not the obligation
to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. We
take no responsibility and assume no liability for any content
or text posted or submitted by you or any third party.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY WWW.THEWRITERESUME.COM ON AN "AS
IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS.
WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE, ITS SERVERS, OR EMAIL SENT
FROM US ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING
FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
EVEN IF WE WERE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES
OR WERE GROSSLY NEGLIGENT. IF THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH IN
THIS AGREEMENT ARE HELD INAPPLICABLE OR UNENFORCEABLE FOR
ANY REASON, THEN OUR MAXIMUM LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY TYPE
OF DAMAGES SHALL BE LIMITED TO $100.00.
In no event will The Write Resume, its officers, directors,
employees, editors, and representatives be held liable for
any damages of any kind, including without limitation compensatory,
direct, indirect, or consequential damages, loss of income
or data, loss of or damage to property, and claims of clients
or third parties arising from any client's rejection from
any educational program, employment offer, or other opportunity
of any kind. You submit writing samples, resumes, and any
other material at your own risk. Further, you agree to hold
us harmless from any academic, administrative, criminal, or
civil proceedings.
Applicable Law
The laws of the state of Arizona, without regard to principles
of conflict of laws, will govern these Terms and Conditions
of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise.
Disputes
All disputes shall be submitted to confidential arbitration
in Arizona, except that, to the extent you have in any manner
violated or threatened to violate our intellectual property
rights, we may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief
in any state or federal court, and you consent to exclusive
jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Arbitration under this
agreement shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing
of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator's
award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in
any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this Agreement
shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party
subject to this Agreement, whether through class arbitration
proceedings or otherwise.
Site Policies, Modification, and Severability
We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies,
and these Terms and Conditions of Use at any time. All modifications
to this Agreement must be made, in writing, by Kathy Sweeney.
If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void,
or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed
severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability
of any remaining condition.
OUR PRIVACY POLICY
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted
on this website. On some pages, you can order products, make
requests, and register to receive materials. The types of
personal information that may be collected at these pages
are:
Name
Address
Phone number
Other contact information
Credit/Debit Card
Information
Employment History
Career Information
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing
an order only to complete that order. We do not share this
information with outside parties except to the extent necessary
to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when
placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery.
We do not share this information with outside parties except
to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive.
Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are
not shared with outside parties except to the extent necessary
to complete your order.
Information you submit on our website will not be used for
this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable
information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the
ones described above without also providing you an opportunity
to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and
ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place
appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures
to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Orders are processed through LinkPoint Central.
Our Commitment to Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important.
For that reason, we never collect or maintain information
at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and
no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under
13.
How You Can Access or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information
that we collect online and maintain by contacting us. We use
this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable
information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable
steps to verify your identity before granting access or making
corrections.
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy
policies, please contact us.
All contents copyrighted by The Write Resume.
Please indicate that you agree to The Write
Resume's Terms of Service by filling out the form on this
page (regardless of whether or not you click the link below, you are still bound by the terms of this agreement as an implied contract):
http://www.awriteresume.com/TermsandConditionsAgreement.htm
Resumes That Get Interviews or We Rewrite for Free!
Resume Facts
| About Us | Services
and Rates | Testimonials | Employment
Resources | Job Seeking Tips |
Contact Us | Site Map