https://www.fairham.com/privacy-policy/
HomeMould MakingProductsTechnicalWhy Choose UsCase StudiesContact UsBlogPrivacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyThis privacy policy sets out how Fairham Mouldings Ltd uses and protects any information that you give Fairham Mouldings Ltd when you conduct business with Fairham Mouldings Ltd directly or via the website.Fairham Mouldings Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when conducting business with Fairham Mouldings or use this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.We may amend this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any amendments. This policy is effective from 25th May 2018.What we collectWe may collect the following information:• Name and job title. • contact information including email address. • Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests.What we do with the information we gatherWe require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service for the following reasons:• Internal record keeping. • Where requested by you, to provide you with a quotation for any of our products and services. • To deliver our products and services to you according to our contractual agreement. • To manage company forecasting and validate invoices. • We may use the information to improve our products and services. • We may periodically send promotional emails or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. • If you are an existing customer; subject to your marketing preference, or where you have otherwise expressly consented, we’ll send you relevant information about products and services that we think you’d benefit from.This information could be sent to you via telephone, email or post. • From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone or mail. We may use the information to improve our services according to your interests.MarketingWe’ll never sell your data to third parties for marketing purposes. You can opt out of our marketing service at any time by telephoning us on 01254 663642, by email amanda@fairham.com or by post to Fairham Mouldings Ltd, Unit 17 Glenfield Park, Philips Road, Blackburn BB1 5PFSecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. Fairham Mouldings Ltd have implemented appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect the confidentiality of the personal data that you entrust to us. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information held electronically.Controlling your personal informationYou may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Fairham Mouldings Ltd, Unit 17 Glenfield Park, Philips Road, BB1 5PF or email amanda@fairham.com If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.Website CookiesWe use cookies for the following purposes: To identify what site referred the visitor to the Fairham Mouldings Website. This information is used to help us manage our affiliate and advertising programmes. To record analytics data. This data is captured anonymously, aggregated and made available to us (and only us) via the Google Analytics tools. We use this data to analyse how visitors interact with our website. This helps us to continually improve our website and products by allowing us to better understand what content our visitors want. You may block and/or remove any of the Fairham Mouldings cookies using the capabilities of your browser. Please note that the shopping basket cookie is required if you wish to purchase from us. This cookie is created when you add a product to your shopping basket and is automatically deleted once you close your browser.