http://www.cadceptual.co.uk/legal/cookies.php
19982005200820112013201520162003tl-2002
This Cookies Policy sets out the basis on which we, CADceptual Design Ltd, use cookies and similar technologies on our website, http://www.cadceptual.co.uk/ (our website).
We may update this Cookies Policy from time to time in order to keep you fully informed about our latest practices involving cookies and similar information-gathering technologies on our website. You should check this Cookies Policy each time you visit our website in order to find out whether our use of cookies and similar technologies has changed. This Cookies Policy is effective from 12/06/2018.
We recommend that you print a copy of this Cookies Policy for your records.
Contents
About cookies
Types of cookies used
Essential cookies
Functional cookies
Analytical or performance cookies
Third party cookies
How to accept or reject cookies
Copyright, credit and logo
About cookies
Cookies are data files that are sent between web servers and web browsers, processor memory or hard drives (clients) to recognise a particular user’s device when the user accesses a website. They are used for a range of different purposes, such as customising a website for a particular user, helping a user navigate a website, improving that user’s website experience, and storing that user’s preferences and login information.
Cookies can be classified as either ‘session’ or ‘persistent’ cookies. Session cookies are placed on your browser when you access a website and last for as long as you keep your browser open. They expire when you close your browser.
Persistent cookies are placed on your computer when you access a website and expire at a fixed point in time or if you manually delete them from your browser, whichever occurs first.
Cookies will be set either by our website domain or by third party domains on our behalf. Cookies set by us on our website domain are referred to as ‘first party’ cookies. Cookies set by third party domains or set on or via our website domain on behalf of third parties are referred to as ‘third party’ cookies.
Cookies do not usually contain personal information. Cookies may, however, be used in combination with other information to identify you.
We use first party
cookies on our website, and both session and persistent cookies.
If you require further information about cookies in general, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org
Types of cookies used
We use the following types of cookies on our website:
Essential cookies
These are cookies which are necessary in order for us to run our website and its essential functions. We use essential cookies for the following purposes on our website:
to administer our website.
to ensure our website functions properly when you interact with it.
Functional cookies
These are cookies that store information about your preferences and your previous interactions with our website, and recognise you whenever you return to a website, in order to improve your website experience and personalise it for you. We use functional cookies for the following purposes on our website:
to recognise you when you return to our website.
to improve your experience of our website.
Analytical or performance cookies
Analytical cookies track and gather data about what a user does on a website. We use analytical cookies for the following purposes on our website:
to analyse users’ access to and use of our website and its features.
to improve our website, including its usability, functionality, content and user experience.
The information we collect using analytical cookies is collected on an anonymised basis.
First party cookies
First
party cookies used in relation to our website include:
Cookie
Cookie Name
Purpose
More info
Session Cookie
PHPSESSID
This session cookie is essential for the identification of a user on the CADCeptual website. This cookie is deleted when you close your browser.
Google Analytics
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Google Analytics Cookie Usage on Websites (includes list of cookies used)
Types of cookies used by Google
Third party cookies
Third parties may use cookies on, via, or in relation to our website in order to analyse your use of our website and/or to display advertisements (including third party advertisements) to you and for advertisement conversion tracking such as Google AdWords, if used. .
Third party cookies used in relation to our website include:
Cookie
Cookie Name
Purpose
More info
Google Adwords, Remarketing and Advertising
gwcc
1P_JAR
AID
APISID
CONSENT
DSID
DV
HSID
IDE
NID
SAPISID
SID
SIDCC
SSID
TAID
UULE
These cookies are used for the purposes of ad-related products by Google. This includes conversion cookies to help us determine how many times users who click on our Google Adwords ads end up purchasing our products.
We also use cookies named ‘AID’, ‘DSID’ and ‘TAID’, which are used to link your activity across devices if you’ve previously signed in to your Google Account on another device. We do this to coordinate that the ads you see across devices and measure conversion events.
Types of cookies used by Google
Cookie: Definition by Google
Cookie Notice
__cfduid
_ga
_hp2_id
optimizelyEndUserId
These cookies are used to determine the showing of the cookie notice to the user, based on whether or not they have previously acknowledged and prompted the notice to be hidden.
Click here
for an overview of privacy & security at SilkTide (creator of the cookie consent notice script)
We cannot be responsible for the ways in which third parties use information about you which they gather from their use of cookies.
How to accept or reject cookies
The easiest way to accept or reject some or all cookies used by a website is to adjust your browser settings. If you do not know how to do this, the links below set out information about how to change your browser settings for some of the most commonly used web browsers:
Google Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en-GB
Mozilla Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-browsing-search-download-history-firefox?redirectlocale=en-US&redirectslug=Clear+Recent+History
Microsoft Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/278835/how-to-delete-cookie-files-in-internet-explorer
Apple Safari: https://support.apple.com/kb/PH5042?locale=en_US
Some browsers, such as Chrome and Firefox, allow you to change your settings to browse in ‘incognito’ mode, limiting the amount of data placed on your machine and automatically deleting any persistent cookies placed on your device when you finish your browsing session. There are also third party applications which you can add to your browser to block or manage cookies.
You can opt out of Google Analytics tracking by visiting http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
You are welcome to block the use of some or all of the cookies we use on our website. However, please be aware that doing so may impair our website and its functionality or may even render some or all of it unusable.
You can find more detailed information about cookies and adjusting your browser settings by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org
Copyright, credit and logo
This Cookies Policy is based on a General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/769) compliant template provided by GDPR Privacy Policy. For further information, please visit https://gdprprivacypolicy.org
The copyright in this Cookies Policy is either owned by, or licensed to, us and is protected by copyright laws around the world and copyright protection software. All intellectual property rights in this document are reserved. Where we display the GDPR Privacy Policy logo on our website, this is used to indicate that we have adopted a privacy policy template provided by GDPR Privacy Policy as the basis for this Privacy Policy.