https://www.pathmark.com/privacy-policy
Remove Select StoreMy AccountContact UsPrivacy PolicyTerms of UseSign OutPrivacy PolicyAllegiance Retail Services, LLC, which sometimes refers to itself as “Allegiance”, “we” or “us” in this Privacy Policy, is committed to respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains our information collection, sharing and processing practices. If you have any requests or questions concerning the information that we collect from you, please contact us at customercare@allegiancehq.com.Our practices with respect to data collected, shared and used by us, including in connection with this website and each other website with links to this Policy, are governed by this online privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) as amended from time to time, and not by the privacy policy in effect at the time the data was collected. In this Privacy Policy, we refer to all websites with links to this policy as “our websites”.  Please review our Privacy Policy regularly, and please refer to the section of this Privacy Policy titled “Other Websites” for information pertaining to websites which are not our websites.If you have objections to the Privacy Policy, you should immediately discontinue use of the Site for all purposes. Information CollectedWe collect the information which is provided by you when you register on one of our websites, as well as the information we learn about you from your use of our service, your visits to our web site, your visits to other sites accessible from our web site, your purchases from the retail stores that we service, and your Club Card application. We also collect certain information about the transactions you undertake, in store and/or through our websites, and information generated through your use of your Club Card.  Allegiance does not collect or hold payment card information that you provide in connection with the purchase of merchandise or services.We may collect additional information in connection with your participation in any promotional programs offered by any retailer serviced by Allegiance, and information you provide when giving us feedback or completing profile forms. We also monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage, which enables us to improve the products and services offered by us and the retailers we service. Use and Sharing of Your Information Subject to your right to opt out of Allegiance sharing personally identifiable information with third parties as explained below in the section of this Privacy Policy titled “Communication Preferences and Opting Out”, the information that we collect from you may be used by, or for, Allegiance; its affiliate Foodtown, Inc.; and the retailers that are serviced by Allegiance.We may use the information that we collect from you to provide and personalize our services, to help us improve our service to you, and to make our communications more relevant. For instance, whenever you buy products using your Club Card at a market which accepts your Club Card, we can automatically add those products to your “favorite products” list provided to you as part of our online grocery shopping service.We may also use your contact details to communicate with you. We may use the information that we collect from you, and we may provide that information to a third party under contract with Allegiance for marketing purposes, including to provide you with special offers and coupons. Allegiance may also provide the information that we collect from you to a third party in anonymized form for inclusion in a database.We may display targeted advertisements based on personal information. We do not provide any individual personally identifiable information to the advertiser when you view or respond to a targeted ad. Advertisers (including ad service companies) may, however, assume that people who interact with, view, or click targeted ads meet the targeting criteria—for example, women ages 18-24 from a particular geographic area. Communication Preferences and Opting OutOnce you have registered to use one of our websites, you will be provided with access to a “Stay Connected” section, which you may access by clicking on “My Account” in the top frame and scrolling down to “Stay Connected”.   You may opt out of us sharing your personally identifiable information, which we define to include your name, mailing address, e-mail address, and telephone number, but not to include your Club Card number standing alone, with any third party under contract with Allegiance by selecting the “opt out” box on the “Stay Connected” page, on your Club Card application, or by contacting us at customercare@allegiancehq.com. If you do so, then your personally identifiable information, including your e-mail address, will not be shared by, used by, or used on behalf of Allegiance to contact you for marketing purposes, including to provide you with special offers and coupons.  You may, however, receive marketing materials from Allegiance which are not directed to you using your personally identifiable information, such as circulars delivered by Zip Code.  You may also receive marketing materials which are directed to you using only your Club Card number or an identifier based on only your Club Card number.Even if you do not opt out of Allegiance sharing what we have defined in this Privacy Policy as personally identifiable information, you can still opt out of receiving marketing materials which are generated and sent by the third party, or certain of the third parties, with which Allegiance shares your personally identifiable information.  As of the date of this Privacy Policy, the only third party with which Allegiance shares personally identifiable information for marketing purposes is Oracle Data Cloud.  You may opt out of receiving marketing materials from Oracle Data Cloud by logging on to http://optout.networkadvertising.org, or http://optout.aboutads.info/choices, or, if you use a mobile device to access our websites, at http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices.Separately, you may opt out of receiving only promotional and marketing e-mails by following the embedded “Unsubscribe” link.Please note that there may be instances where it may be necessary for us to communicate with you, regardless of whether you have opted out of sharing your personally identifiable information, for administrative or operational reasons relating to our services. Legal DisclaimerWe reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of terms of use for a website of ours, or as otherwise required by law. Other Web SitesOur web sites may contain links to other web sites which are outside of our control and are, therefore, not covered by this Privacy Policy. If you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy, which may differ from ours. Cookies“Cookies” are small pieces of information sent by a web server to a web browser, which enables the server to collect information from the browser. We use cookies for a number of purposes, for instance to enable us to simplify the logging on process for registered users, to help ensure the security and authenticity of registered users, to provide the mechanisms for online shopping and to enable traffic monitoring.We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. We use session ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time, unless you remove the cookie in the manner determined by your particular Internet browser. Disabling the cookie function for your Internet browser will restrict the online services you can use at one of our websites. Clear Gifs (Web Beacons)We use clear Gifs on our websites from Google Analytics and other third party vendors. This enables us to gauge the effectiveness of our services and marketing programs. SecurityThe security of your personal information is very important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on one of our order forms, that information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL), and  is immediately re-encrypted prior to storage. By default, payment card data is permanently destroyed within 91 days of its submission by you.Generally accepted industry standards are applied to protect the personal information submitted by you, both during transmission and upon receipt. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while every effort is made to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, its security cannot be guaranteed. Changes in this Privacy StatementWe reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently.Last modified:  02/19/2020.