http://www.invisiblefence.com/legal
Find your local expert
Zip code/Postal code
Outside of United State and Canada? Find experts in your part of the world.
Search for:
Menu
Shop Accessories
Your Local Dealer
Directions
Solutions
Outdoor Pet Solutions
Indoor Pet Solutions
Electronic Pet Door
Total
Current Customers
Contact
Pet Partners
Service Request Form
Why Invisible Fence
History
Schedule your FREE consultation
Blog
FAQ
Terms of Use Policy.
Invisible Fence® Brand maintains this site (the "Site") for your entertainment, information, education, and communication. Please feel free to browse the Site. You may not download, distribute, transmit, modify, reuse, report, or use the contents of the Site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio, and video without Invisible Fence® Brand's written permission.
Your access and use of the Site is also subject to the following terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions") and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing the site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the Terms and Conditions below.
Site Terms and Conditions.
You should assume that all material on the Site is protected by copyright unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as permitted in these Terms and Conditions or in the text of the site.
Your use of the Site is at your risk. Invisible Fence® Brand makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy and Invisible Fence® Brand specifically disclaims any liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the site. Neither Invisible Fence® Brand nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, or inability to use or access, the Site. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Site is provided to you "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties.
Features and specifications of products described or depicted on the Site are subject to change at any time without notice.
Invisible Technologies, Inc. (ITI) assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the Site.
ITI does not wish to receive any proprietary product, marketing, advertising or other ideas that are not covered by issued United States patents. If you send any communications or materials to the Site by email or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like, excluding information protected by the Privacy Policy, all such communications are, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. Anything you transmit or post, other than that which is protected by the Privacy Policy, may be used by Invisible Fence® Brand or its affiliates for any purpose, including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, and posting. Furthermore, Invisible Fence® Brand is free to use, without any compensation to you, any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to the Site for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing, and marketing products using such information.
Materials displayed on the site are either the property of, or used with permission by, Invisible Fence® Brand. The use of these materials by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions or specific permission is provided elsewhere on the Site. Any unauthorized use of the text or images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and civil and criminal statutes.
The Site refers to products and/or services that are generally available in the United States, but may not be available in your particular country or locality. The reference to any such products or services in this Site does not imply or warrant that these products or services will be available at any time in your particular locality. You should therefore check with your local Invisible Fence® Brand authorized professional for specific product/service availability in your locality.
ITI is not responsible for the content of any site linked to or from the Site. Your linking to any other site is entirely at your own risk. While Invisible Fence® Brand may provide links on the Site to other sites, the inclusion of such links is for your convenience only and should not be interpreted as an endorsement of the owner/sponsor of the site or the content of the site. Invisible Fence® Brand disclaims all warranties, express and implied, as to the accuracy, validity, legality, or otherwise of any materials or information contained on such sites.
ITI may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. Since you are bound by these Terms and Conditions, you should therefore periodically visit this page by clicking the Terms and Conditions hyperlink at the bottom of the Invisible Fence® Brand web pages to review the then current Terms and Conditions.
The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") listed below are trademarks of Invisible Fence® Brand. Any other Trademarks used in the Site are trademarks of their respective owners. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, or otherwise, any license or right of use any Trademark displayed on the site without written permission of Invisible Fence® Brand or such third party owner. Please note that this Trademark list is periodically updated and that neither this list nor is updates are all-inclusive lists of Invisible Fence® Brand's and its affiliates' trademarks. If there are any questions pertaining to Invisible Fence® Brand's Trademarks or this Trademark list, please send inquiries to customersupport@invisiblefence.com.
US Registered Trademarks
Boundary Plus®
Break Alert®
Computer Collar®
In-Home®
Invisible®
Invisible Barrier®
Invisible Boundary®
Invisible Fence®
Invisible Fencing®
Invisible Gate®
Invisible Mask®
Invisible Sentry®
Pet Central®
MicroLite®
Power Cap®
Safe Dog®
Shields®
The Brand Vets Recommend Most For Dog Safety and Freedom®
Canadian Registered Trademarks
Boundary Plus®
Cloture Invisible®
Computer Collar®
Invisible®
Invisible Fence®
Invisible Fencing®
MicroLite®
Power Cap®
Safe Dog®
Shields®
The Brand Vets Recommend Most For Dog Safety and Freedom®
US Trademarks
Different Rules for Different Pets™
Invisible Power™
MaxDog™
MicroSkinz™
P.E.T. Approach™
Perfect Start™ Pet Training
PetFree™
Project Breathe™
Protecting Family Pets Since 1973™
Your Cat Safe @ Home™
Your Dog Safe @ Home™
Canadian Trademarks
PetFree™
Perfect Start™
Project Breathe™
Trademark uses licensed. Trademark owner: Invisible Fence, Inc., U.S.A.
Additional trademarks held worldwide.
Declarations of Conformity
111013ca_RAC00-12635-Outdoor-Plus.pdf
111013ca_RAC00-12896-Indoor-Shields.pdf
111013cb_RIG00-11933-Invisible-Fence-Microlite.pdf
111013cb_RIG00-12636-Invisible-Fence-MaxDog-Receiver.pdf
111013cb_RIG00-12807-Invisible-Fence-Classic-Receiver-V4.pdf
111013cb_RIG20-11934-2c-RIG20-11935-Invisible-Fence-ICT-801-2c-ICT-802-Transmitter-1.pdf
111013cb_RIG20-11936-Invisible-Fence-Shields-Transmitter.pdf
111013cb_RIG20-11937-Invisible-Fence-R22-Titanium-Rx-7-10kHz.pdf
111221ca_RAC00-13211-Invisible-Fence-Brand-Doorman.pdf
120619ca_RAC00-13547-Invisible-Fence-Micro-Shields.pdf
120920ca_RIG00-13546-MicroLite-Plus-Computer-Collar.pdf
121129ca_RIG00-11350-Boundary-Plus-Single-Loop-Transmitter.pdf
Get started today.
At Invisible Fence we’re passionate about protecting pets — so you can focus on fun! So, let’s talk. And we’ll find the gentle, effective, affordable solution that’s right for you and your pet. Guaranteed.
Find your solution
Let's talk.
1 (866) 804-1250