http://www.wazif.com/legal-notices
Skip to contentLegal notices – Terms and Conditions for using the SitePlease read these terms and conditions carefully before using this Website.By accessing, visiting or using this Website, you implicitly consent to the terms and conditions for use stated below, which you also confirm that you expressly accept. These terms and conditions for use are subject to change. If you decline to accept them, please refrain from accessing, visiting or using this Website or the information featured on it.1. Definition and general terms and conditions for accessThe terms “Website” or “Site” refer to this website, as published by WAZIF , as well as the information featured on the Site. WAZIF provides no guarantee regarding use of the information contained on its Site. As a consequence, WAZIF may not be held liable for any damage resulting from any use to which the Website may be put, nor from any errors or omissions in the information provided, or from any malfunction in accessing this information.This Site may contain links to other websites published by third parties. WAZIF does not conduct any checks on these sites and hence declines all liability regarding any information featured on any website that can be accessed based on the links featured on this Site. The creation of a link to a third-party site or the fact of authorising any third-party site to create a link to this Website in no way implies that WAZIF approves or recommends the products or services featured on this third-party site.2. PublisherThe publisher of this Site is WAZIF SPRL (“WAZIF ”), 36 rue de la Malaise, B-1340 Ottignies-LLN, Belgium, VAT nr: BE0472 219 061.3. Content of the SiteThe information featured on this Site is provided for information purposes only for visitors viewing the various products and/or services provided and/or distributed by WAZIF.4. Intellectual property rightsThe information featured on this Site is protected by intellectual property rights that are owned by or to which WAZIF is entitled.This information may only be reproduced and printed by you for your own, strictly personal use and may not be used for commercial purposes. Its use is subject to you not removing any statements or references to these intellectual property rights. Similarly, you undertake not to disseminate this information, not to reproduce it, not to translate it and not to sell it in any form or way whatsoever without prior formal written authorisation from WAZIF.The trademarks and logos of WAZIF featured on this Site are registered trademarks and logos. Any total or partial reproduction of these trademarks or logos without the prior written consent of WAZIF is prohibited.5. Personal data and privacyYou are referred to the Privacy Policy available on this Website.6. ConfidentialityAll information supplied or passed on to WAZIF via this Site will be dealt with pursuant to the statutory and regulatory provisions that currently apply in this matter.7. Applicable law and courts with jurisdictionAccess to the Site, visits or use of this Site, as well as these Terms and Conditions for use are subject to Belgian law and will be interpreted in accordance with Belgian legislation. Except in cases where the law designates another court with jurisdiction, all claims will be lodged before the Courts in Nivelles.8. Autonomy and modificationsShould any of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions for use be deemed non-applicable, the other provisions shall retain their validity. Any non-applicable provision will be replaced by a provision that is applicable and whose intent will be as close as possible to the provision deemed non-applicable. This agreement will form an integral part of any other contracts that you may already have entered into with WAZIF or that you may enter into in the future.WAZIF has the right to modify these Terms and Conditions for use at any time, with immediate effect and without prior notice. Don`t copy text! Scroll to Top
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. By continuing to use the service, you agree to our use of cookies. - Cookie Policy
I agree