https://www.tblaw.com/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement
PRIVATE POLICY OF TIFFANY & BOSCO, P.A
Lawyers, as providers of certain personal services, are now required by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act to inform their clients of their policies regarding privacy of client information. Our law firm understands your concerns as a client for privacy and the need to ensure the privacy of all your information. Your privacy is important to us and maintaining your trust and confidence is a high priority. Lawyers have been and continue to be bound by professional standards of confidentiality that are even more stringent than those required by such Act. Therefore, we have always protected your right to privacy. The purpose of this notice is to explain our Privacy Policy with regard to personal information about you that we obtain and how we keep that information secure.
NONPUBLIC PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect nonpublic personal information about you that is provided to us by you or obtained by us with your authorization or consent.
WE DO NOT DISCLOSE ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT OUR CLIENTS OR FORMER CLIENTS TO ANYONE, EXCEPT AS PERMITTED BY LAW AND ANY APPLICABLE ETHICS RULES.
We do not disclose any nonpublic personal information about current or former clients obtained in the course of representation of those clients, except as expressly or impliedly authorized by those clients to enable us to effectuate the purpose of our representation or as required or permitted by law or applicable provisions of codes of professional responsibility or ethical rules governing our conduct as lawyers.
CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY
We retain records relating to professional services that we provide so that we are better able to assist you with your professional needs and to comply with professional guidelines or requirements of law. In order to guard your nonpublic personal information, we maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with our professional standards.
Sitemap
Privacy Statement
Legal Disclaimer
Webmail
Copyright © 2020 Tiffany & Bosco PA. All rights reserved. Site by Blufish
Legal Disclaimer
Close