http://www.translatorpub.com/sections/misc/privacy_policy.asp
TRANSLATORPUB.COM TERMS AND CONDITIONS / PRIVACY STATEMENTLast Updated: 5/25/2008TranslatorPub.com will not sell, share, or rent information collected to others in ways different from what is disclosed in the following statement. TO ACCESS TRANSLATORPUB.COM YOU MUST BE A REGISTERED USER.
REGISTRATION IS FOR FREE.(1) If you are a language professional, you can create and save your resume and cover letter, track your personal job searches and access all the information about agencies in our database.(2) If you are a translation agency representative, you can add your agency to TranslatorsPub.com agency database, or edit information about your agency, or post a job that requires the services of a language professional.(3) You may send your resume and cover letter to potential clients. In this case only you and the staff of TranslatorsPub.com will have access to this information.Mandatory information collected by TranslatorPub.com- A valid email address- A username (any unique name selected by member)- A password (selected by member)- A password reminder.1. ContentTranslatorPub.com reserves the right not to be responsible for the topicality, correctness, completeness or quality of the information provided by freelancers and agencies. Liability claims regarding damage caused by the use of any information provided, including any kind of information which is incomplete or incorrect, will therefore be rejected. TranslatorPub.com is just offering a platform for Freelancers and Agencies / Clients to meet and gives the random circumstances. At no point Translatorspub.com is becoming a contractual partner regarding the language service jobs offered by either party. Parts of the pages or the complete publication including all offers and information might be extended, changed or partly or completely deleted by TranslatorPub.com with separate announcement by email. 2. Referrals and linksTranslatorpub.com is not responsible for any contents linked or referred to from his pages - unless he has full knowledge of illegal contents and would be able to prevent the visitors of his site from viewing those pages. If any damage occurs by the use of information presented there, only the author of the respective pages might be liable, not the one who has linked to these pages. Furthermore the author is not liable for any postings or messages published by users of discussion boards, guestbooks or mailinglists provided on his page. 3. CopyrightTranslatorPub.com intended not to use any copyrighted material for the publication or, if not possible, to indicate the copyright of the respective object. The copyright for any material created by Translatorpub.com is reserved. Any duplication or use of objects such as images, diagrams, sounds or texts in other electronic or printed publications is not permitted without the TranslatorPubs agreement. 4. How the information is usedTranslatorPub.com offers to members the opportunity to have notice of jobs, translation questions, etc., sent to them by email. The email address is required for this purpose. Members are also given the option of showing their names, professional qualifications, etc., on their profile pages, or on bids made for translation jobs, answers proposed to translation qustions, etc. Members are free to withhold, or remove this information, at any time and at their sole discretion.The username serves the purpose of uniquely identifying a member within the TranslatorsPub.com system. It is used not only in login, but also to refer to the member in public areas of the site.The password is used solely for the purpose of login, and is NOT shown anywhere. The password reminder is provided by a member for no other purpose than to refresh his or her memory, in the event he or she forgots the password. A request can be submitted, causing the reminder to be sent to the email address on file. TranslatorPub.com can share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person. Other information collected by TranslatorPub.com is not shared with anyone without permission. 5. SecurityTranslatorPub.com has attempted to create a database that is secure from theft. In order to collect the personal information listed above, it would be necessary for a thief to bypass password protections, etc., that have been put in place to protect user information. This website takes a number of precautions to protect members' information. When members submit sensitive information via the website, their information is protected both online and off-line. All members' information is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, a billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Also, the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment, behind a locked cage. If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to info@translatorpub.com. 6. Control of the information Members have full control over their personal information and the manner in which it is used. Members who wish to change any of the information they have provided, may do so at any time.7. Log FilesTranslatorPub.com uses IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. 8. LinksThis web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Translatorpub.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. Translatorpub.com users are encouraged to be aware when they leave the site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.9. Site and Service UpdatesTranslatorPub.com members are also sent a newsletter and, from time to time, service announcement updates. Members are not able to unsubscribe from the newsletter and service announcements, which contain important information about the service. We communicate with the user to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via email or phone. 10. Notification of ChangesIf the TranslatorPub.com privacy policy is ever to be changed, we will post those changes on our Website so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.11. Legal validity of this disclaimerThis disclaimer is to be regarded as part of the internet publication which you were referred from. If sections or individual terms of this statement are not legal or correct, the content or validity of the other parts remain uninfluenced by this fact.
©TranslatorPub.com 2020 All Rights Reserved.
Mail comments and suggestions to info@translatorpub.com
| Privacy Policy
| Sitemap.