http://www.cattlerange.com/resources/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy on The Cattle Range
Menu
Cattle For Sale
CATTLE FOR SALE
Recent Listings
Cattle for Sale indexed by Breed & State
Bulls
Bred Heifers
Cows
Cow & Calf Pairs
Open Replacement Heifers
Feeder Cattle
Stocker Calves
Show Cattle
Other Classes of Cattle
Embryos & Semen
---
TCR Represented
Upcoming Sale Calendar
State Master Pages
Bulls for Lease
Classified Ads - Trailers, Trucks, Hay, Pasture, etc.
BVD-PI Negative - PI-N
Pre-Conditioned - PC
Age/Source Verified - ASV
All-Natural - AN
Grass-Fed - GF
---
Fee Schedule
Freight Calculator
Heifer & Cow Value Estimator
Tradin' Tools
Buyer Appreciation
Black-Listed
Glossary of Terms
Key to Abbreviations
Submit/Manage Listings
Submit Listings & Photos
List Cattle for Sale – List Online or via Telephone
Listing Form for Advertising an Upcoming Sale
About Advertising Cattle to be Sold @ Auction
Classified Ad Form - Trailers, Trucks, Hay, Pasture, etc.
Send Photos & Videos
Enhance the Visibility of your Listing
Manage Listings
Update/Change Listings
Report Cattle Sold
Fee Schedule
Remit Payment
Misc.
Pricing Your Cattle
Tips for High Quality Videos
How TCR Works - Terms & Conditions
Frequent Questions
Field Reps
Markets & News
Market & Auction Reports
Market Reports & Analysis
Daily Summary
Weekly Summary
Auction Results
NEWS & INFO
Cattle Industry News
Daily Regional Cattle Auction Reports
Weekly Current & Projected Feedyard Closeouts
Monthly U.S. Cattle on Feed Report
Misc.
Cattle Resources
Cattle Links
Cattle Buyer Jokes
Weather
Weather & Forecasts
Current Weather & Forecast
Today's Agricultural Weather Highlights
Radar Map
'Dark Sky' Weather Maps & Forecasts
Daily/Monthly Forecasts
Canadian Weather
Weather Outlook Maps
6 to 10-Day Precipitation Outlook
6 to 10-Day Temperature Outlook
30-Day Outlook Maps
Seasonal Outlook Maps
USDA Cattle Heat Stress Maps
National & Regional Snow Maps
Drought Maps & Outlook
Current Drought Conditions & Outlook
Weekly Drought Monitor
Drought Monitor 12-Week Slideshow
Palmer Drought Index
Seasonal Drought Outlook
About TCR
CONTACT INFORMATION
Contact TCR
Cattle Range Mercantile
TCR Represented
Field Reps
ABOUT TCR
How TCR Works - Terms & Conditions
TCR Advantages
Privacy Policy
Frequent Questions
Website Navigation
MISC.
Advertise on TCR
Fee Schedule
Remit Payment
Back in the 'Good Old Days' Photos
1.800.381.4848
tcr@cattlerange.com
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.cattlerange.com and applies solely to information collected by this website.  The following information is available upon request:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Links This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Cookies We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site. For additional information, go to www.youradchoices.com , which will allow you to opt out of being targeted for any behavioral advertising by any member of the Internet Advertising Bureau.
Security We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 1.800.381.4848 or via email.
Upcoming Sales...
Useful Links
Recent Listings
Market Reports
Auction Results
Cattle Industry News
Daily Market Summary
Weekly Market Summary
Submit/Manage Listings
Cattle Listing Forms
Send Photos/Videos
Update/Change Listings
Report Cattle Sold
Remit Payment
Buyer Appreciation
About TCR
How TCR Works
TCR Advantages
Advertise on TCR
Fee Schedule
Online Payment Center
TCR Mercantile
Contact TCR
6910 SW 45th Avenue, Suite 4
Amarillo TX, 79109
Phone: 1.800.381.4848
FAX: 1.806.356.9164
tcr@cattlerange.com
www.cattlerange.com
2020 © All Rights Reserved.
Content may not be copied, published, rewritten, or redistributed.