http://www.stiga.com/int/terms-of-use
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER
...and be the first to know about our latest offers, helpful hints & tips and stay in touch with the STIGA world.
By subscribing you agree to STIGAPrivacy Policy and Terms of Use
Subscribe
Powered by Mageplaza
Home
Terms of Use
General terms of use 1. GENERAL TERMS OF USE1.1. The company STIGA S.p.A., whose registered office is situated at via del Lavoro 6, Castelfranco Veneto (TV), VAT number 07684381002, share capital 50.000.002,00 entirely paid-up, e-mail infoline@stiga.com , tel. +39 0423 450111, fax +39 0423 450670 ("Company"), is the owner of this website ("Website").1.2. The Website is administrated collectively by:
- STIGA S.p.A., whose registered office is situated at via del Lavoro 6, Castelfranco Veneto (TV), VAT number 07684381002, share capital 50.000.002,00 entirely paid-up, e-mail infoline@stiga.com, tel. +39 0423 450 111 , fax +39 0423 450670Herewith referred to as "STIGA"
1.3. The Website user ("User") is encouraged to read these general terms of use of the Website ("General Terms of Use") carefully before navigating the Website and visiting its sections.1.4. Use of the Website by the User entails full and unconditional acceptance of these General Terms of Use. Users who consider that these General Terms of Use are unacceptable shall immediately leave the Website.1.5. STIGA shall be entitled to amend the General Terms at any time if the said amendments are necessitated by changes in the laws or in STIGA's business activities. The User shall check the General Terms of Use before using the Service, and keep them on a durable medium.1.6. The User acknowledges and accepts that STIGA reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to suspend the availability of the Website or disable access thereto.
2. CONTENTS OF WEBSITE
2.1 The purpose of the Website is to illustrate STIGA's products ("Products"), and provide data and information about their characteristics.2.2 The Website is not intended for any e-commerce activity by the Company; the User is therefore not entitled (inter alia) to purchase Products on the Website. The User may purchase the Products from the retailers and specialist shops listed in the "Authorised Retailers" section of the Website.2.3 STIGA reserves the right to change, amend, add or remove parts of the Website at any time.2.4 STIGA reserves the right to modify the Products or eliminate them from the Website at any time or to modify the data and information relating to their characteristics if they have changed in any way.
3. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY3.1. STIGA and/or other organizations belonging to the STIGA Group are the sole owner (inter alia) oftrademark "Stiga" and of the domain names of the Internet website used by those organizations.3.2. STIGA is also the sole owner of all the intellectual and industrial property rights relating to, deriving from or connected with the Website, including but not limited to:
a) contents;b) names, data and information relating to the Products displayed;c) photos;d) images;e) videos;f) texts;g) drawings;h) music;i) databases;j) software.
3.3. The User acknowledges that the intellectual and industrial property rights referred to in clauses 3.1 and 3.2 hereof ("IP STIGA") are protected by the applicable legislation, including Legislative Decree no. 30 of 10 February 2005 (Industrial Property Code) and Statute no. 633 of 22 April 1941 (Copyright Act).3.4. STIGA does not grant any licence to Users over IP STIGA, nor are any rights transferred or assigned to them in any way. Users shall not (inter alia) copy, download, reproduce on other websites or in any other form or by any other method, translate, modify, distribute, disseminate, communicate to the public or use IP STIGA in any way or form, wholly or in part, except for the activities strictly necessary to visit the Website.3.5. The User shall not use any technologies that facilitate copying of the contents of IP STIGA, such as spiders, spyware or bots. Moreover, the User shall not circumvent, in any way and with any tools, any security measures installed by STIGA to protect IP STIGA.3.6. Data, including aggregated data, information, texts, images, photos and distinctive signs of third parties is only used by the Company on the Website for information and descriptive purposes.
4. DISCLAIMER4.1. STIGA does not guarantee that the information and data supplied on the Website, including information and data relating to Products, is exhaustive, correct and up to date.4.2. The User shall personally check, including with the Product retailer, that the information referred to in clause 4.1 hereof is accurate and exhaustive.
5. INFORMATION ABOUT RETAILERS5.1. STIGA does not conduct any checks on the truth or accuracy of the names, data and contact information relating to the Product retailers mentioned on the Website, and does not check that they are kept constantly up to date.5.2. The User shall verify and check the information relating to the Product retailers available on the Website on each occasion before contacting them.
6. LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES6.1. STIGA does not guarantee that the third-party websites referred to on the Website by means of links or in other forms ( "Third-party Websites") are actually operational and available.6.2. STIGA shall not be liable for contents or material published or disseminated in any way on Third-party Websites.6.3. STIGA does not guarantee in any way that everything contained or represented in the said Third-party Websites is true, accurate, complete, authentic or compliant with the legislation and regulations applicable to the contents, services and activities represented on the said websites.
7. PERSONAL DATA7.1. The User shall carefully read the contents of the section entitled "Privacy Policy".
8. ENTIRE AGREEMENT8.1. These General Terms of Use contain the whole of the agreements made between the Parties regarding the subject-matter thereof.
9. SEVERABILITY9.1. If a clause of these General Terms of Use should be ruled to be null and void or ineffective by any organisation, body, arbitration, administration or court, the said clause shall be deemed separate from the other clauses of these General Terms of Use, and shall have no effect on the remaining clauses.
10. WAIVER OF RIGHTS10.1. It is hereby agreed that failure to exercise or delayed exercise by the Company of a right or power to which it is entitled pursuant to the General Terms of Use or by law shall not entail debarment therefrom; equally, partial or occasional exercise thereof shall not in any way preclude the possibility of its further or subsequent exercise or the exercise of any other right or power granted by these General Terms of Use or by law.
11. APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION11.1. These General Terms are governed by Italian law.11.2. If any dispute should arise relating to or deriving from these General Terms, the Treviso courts shall have sole jurisdiction thereover.
CookieBot ×