http://www.jmbins.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Notice of Privacy Policies and Practices
JMB Insurance provides this notice of its privacy policies in compliance with the Public Law 106-102 (1999), commonly known as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. Title V of this Act limits certain disclosures of nonpublic personal information by financial institutions, including insurance brokers like JMB Insurance.  This notice is intended to provide an overview of our clients’ rights (including former clients) relative to how we collect and use personal information that is disclosed to us. It should be noted that this Act only pertains to certain personal information and does not cover business information.
In order to properly serve our clients, we routinely collect certain non-public information. This is used to assist us in determining the proper products for our clients, assemble underwriting information for the carriers whom we contact to obtain quotes and place coverage, and provide services.  Although we generally are not directly involved with the administration of claims on life, accident or health insurance products, we may from time to time participate in the administration of certain claims where non-public personal information may become relevant.  To comply with this Act, when we anticipate that personal medical or health information may be disclosed to us, we will request the execution of a disclosure authorization relating to the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act.  JMB Insurance employees with access to non-public personal information are required to comply with this policy.
What kind of non-public personal or proprietary financial information do we collect and from whom?
We obtain most information directly through personal contact or though other sources we consult as we deem applicable to the situation.  This may include review of a client’s website or other internet-based sources.  We may also collect non-public personal financial information from other sources.  Third-party sources of this information might include government agencies, consumer reporting agencies, courts and other government or private records.  The types of such information we gather depends on the nature of the insurance involved and/or services we perform. We generally receive some or all of the following information directly from our clients:
Name
Address
Birth Date and Birthplace
Marital Status
Gender
Social Security Number
Personal and Family Medical Information
Employment and Income Information
Lifestyle Matters such as Hobbies and Habits
We also may come to know various other information about our clients based on their business conducted with us, our affiliates and/or third-parties with whom we deal or from persons we contact to verify representations and information provided, such as:
Payment and Credit History
Tax Obligations
Investment Preferences
Correspondence through electronic media (such as email or through our website) may generate additional information that is non-public.   We do not collect personal information through our website unless you willingly provide it to us, either directly by e-mail or in those areas of the website that request information.  The type of information we may collect includes your name, address, occupation and other information you voluntarily submit to us by completing any form or survey on this website (including in relation to any requests for downloads from our website, marketing material or job information).
To whom do we disclose non-public personal information?
We do not disclose any non-public personal financial information to anyone, except as we may deem necessary to service our clients or comply with applicable law as well as insurance and securities industry regulations.  For example, we may disclose non-public personal information in connection with our survey of insurance markets and the filing of coverage applications with various insurance carriers, general agents, registered brokers through whom we or our producers market regulated products under SEC and FINRA rules, such as variable annuities, or other industry sources. Such disclosures may be made to affiliated or non-affiliated persons or entities involved in the underwriting, processing, servicing and marketing of insurance products and adjusting and administration of claims and may include disclosures to companies that perform services on our behalf or with whom we have joint marketing agreements.  We will not disclose any information if such disclosure would be contrary to applicable law; however, there are times when we are required by law or permitted to provide your non-public personal information to authorized persons or entities, including, but not limited to:
Complying with legal process, such as a subpoena, warrant, summons or discovery request in connection with an administrative action by a federal, state or local authority, or with a lawsuit brought by a private party.
Responding to investigations or audits by regulatory authorities.
Monitoring or disclosure of communications as required by federal or state law.
How do we safeguard non-public personal information in our records?
Except as set forth below, access to non-public personal information is limited to those persons and entities who need to know the information in order to properly underwrite, process, service and/or market insurance products or services, and/or to file, adjust and administer claims that may be made by or against our clients, and/or to otherwise properly service accounts.  We will keep information in our possession physically and electronically secure.  If we discover that certain non-public personal information we possess may be inaccurate or false, we will make a reasonable attempt to re-verify and correct the information.
While we do not sell or otherwise disclose client lists or other client information in the ordinary course of business other than as explained herein, we reserve our right to disclose information in certain circumstances:
JMB Insurance reserves the right to disclose, sell or transfer client information (including, but not limited to, name, address, age, gender, zip code, state and country of residency and other information of our clients, their employees and/or their respective family members) to (1) a potential buyer or other successor in connection with the potential sale, merger or transfer of all or a portion of our business or accounts, or (2) consultants or other third-party contractors to the extent such disclosure is necessary in connection with the establishment or improvement of JMB Insurance’s systems or procedures (provided such consultants agree in connection with such disclosure to comply with confidentiality and protection procedures that are similar in nature and scope to those set forth herein). If in the future, we determine to share information with affiliates or third parties (including, but not limited to financial services companies) in order that they may market additional products or services other than through joint marketing agreements with us, we will first provide clients with the opportunity to “opt out” in which case their information will not be shared. This does not apply to insurance industry sources that receive such information in connection with our services, as described above.
Cookies
JMB Insurance’s website utilizes cookies for the purpose of retaining users’ current session information and compiling web statistics.  Cookies are not used to gather personal information about website users.  Any information stored in cookies is solely for server administration purpose.
Hyperlinks
JMB Insurance does not guarantee that the hyperlinks, pointer or other linking functions set out on the sites will be accurate at the time of your access.  Moreover, the sites pointed at by hyperlinks are developed and possibly maintained by persons over whom JMB Insurance has no control.  We cannot and do not monitor the sites linked to our pages on the Internet.  Accordingly, we assume no responsibility for the content of any sites referenced to or by any hyperlink or otherwise. We believe that making hyperlinks available to publicly accessible web pages and news groups is legally permissible and consistent with the common, customary expectations of those who make use of the Internet.  You may not provide hyperlinks to this website without the prior written consent of JMB Insurance.
Our Policy Regarding Dispute Resolution:
Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to our privacy policy, or the breach thereof, shall absent contrary contractual terms between us, be settled by arbitration in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association, and judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
Questions and further information: Please email us at: privacy@jmbins.com.
Copyright and Intellectual Property Policy
JMB Insurance respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same.  JMB Insurance has no responsibility for content on other websites that you may find or access when using JMB Insurance’s website.  Material available on or through other websites may be protected by copyright and the intellectual property laws of the United States and/or other countries.  The terms of use of those websites, and not the JMB Insurance’s Terms of Service, govern your use of that material.
Trademarks of JMB Realty Corporation including JMB®, JMBI, JMB InsuranceSM and JMB Insurance AgencySM  are used under license.
Insight . Action . Results™ is a trademark of JMB Insurance Agency, Inc.
Experience the JMBI Difference
INSIGHT. ACTION. RESULTS.
We are committed to delivering the deepest industry insights to plan and execute powerful strategic solutions and risk management.
PARTNER WITH JMBI
© 2019 JMB Insurance Agency, Inc. All Rights Reserved.  |  Site Map