https://www.emeryfcu.org/privacy-policy/
EmeryCOVID-19 Update
Our branches are now operating out of our drive thru only to help keep our staff and membership safe. You may schedule an appointment if you need to conduct business in our lobby.
read more
CONTACT US
LIVE CHAT
LOAN PAYMENT
ONLINE BANKING
×
Online Banking Login
Login:
Password:
Forgot Password? > Forgot Username >
Online Banking Resources > Mobile App >
Emery Federal Credit Union mobile banking is free to all members signed up for online banking.
Download for iOS and Android devices
Emery Federal Credit Union Privacy Statement
Emery Federal Credit Union is owned by its Members and run by a Board of Directors elected by its Members. We are committed to protecting the privacy of our Members.
Visitors to Emery Federal Credit Union’s C.U.B.E., our home banking site, will stay anonymous. We do not collect personal identifying information about visitors to our site.
We collect standard non-identifying information about visits to our site, such as the domain you use to access our website, the date and time visited, the Internet address of the site from which you linked directly to the site. This information is used to measure the number of visitors to the various pages on our site.
If you send an e-mail, we will collect and store that information in order to process your request. This information is not sold to any third parties.
We will provide links to other sites from our pages. Once you link to them you are leaving our site and we cannot be held responsible for any information that may be gathered at a linked site. We make every effort to ensure that all linked sites follow similar privacy policies. We are not responsible for the content or availability of sites linked to our home page. Please check sites for certification before submitting confidential information.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, or the practices of this site, please direct them to info@emeryfcu.org.
View Emery Federal Credit Union’s Compliance Disclosures.