http://www.robbinscampers.com/privacy-statement/
RV Storage
(386) 677-5588
866-953-1719
Contact Us
Home
Our Team
Service
Parts
Get DIRECTIONS
View Inventory
Privacy Statement
Home
Privacy Statement
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this Privacy Policy, which explains our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way in which your information is collected and used on this website (this "Website"). Please see our Terms and Conditions for additional information applicable to your use of our Website. By accessing or using any areas of our Website, you expressly consent to the provisions of this Privacy Policy and to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of information obtained from you as described in this Privacy Policy.
The Information We Collect
You do not have to give us personally identifiable information in order to access and browse our Website. However, while on our Website, you may be able to order and buy products, enter promotions, sweepstakes or other contests, participate in a survey, complete a questionnaire or other "information request" form, or otherwise communicate with us, including via email and/or SMS/text messaging. In order to utilize, participate in or otherwise access such products, services or other offerings, you may be required to provide us with your personally identifiable information, which is information that, alone or in combination with other information, allows us to identify you, such as your name, address, phone number, email address, contact preferences, credit card information, financial information or information relating to a support or service issue.
If you provide us with your personally identifiable information, you are giving us permission to use that information for the specific purpose for which it is provided and for any other purpose described in this Privacy Policy. Users unwilling to provide personally identifiable information online can choose not to provide such information, and in some (but not all) situations users may be able to work with a sales representative or customer service representative to utilize our services or other site offerings without providing personally identifiable information. IN ADDITION, IF YOU DO PROVIDE US WITH YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION, YOU MAY HAVE THE ABILITY TO PREVENT US FROM SHARING YOUR INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES IF YOU WISH, AS DESCRIBED BELOW UNDER "Your Options Regarding Personally Identifiable Information".
We also may collect, store and use certain non-personally identifiable information we receive when you visit our Website or otherwise communicate with us, including via email and/or SMS/ text messaging, and we may aggregate data and information provided by or collected from multiple users (which may include you) in a manner that is not personally identifiable to any individual user (“Aggregated Information”). All non-personally identifiable information we collect and all Aggregated Information we create are our exclusive property. Nothing in this Privacy Policy limits our right to use any such non-personally identifiable information or Aggregated Information in any way (including, but not limited to, monitoring user traffic patterns, analyzing and quantifying user preferences, improving the design and content of our Website, and enabling us to personalize your user experience) or prohibits us from sharing non-personally identifiable information or Aggregated Information with third parties.
How We Use the Information
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we share personally identifiable information collected on our Website with third parties only as described below. (Please see "Your Options Regarding Personally Identifiable Information" below for information on how to avoid having your personally identifiable information shared by us.)
Third Parties Not Performing Functions on Our Behalf: At times, we may provide products or services on our Website in cooperation with third parties (“Business Providers”). The products or services provided by Business Providers may be offered in connection with a product or service we offer on our Website or may be provided independently of products or services we offer on our Website. If you express interest in products or services offered by a Business Provider, we may share with the Business Provider personally identifiable information that you provide to us in connection with any such products or services. By expressing interest in any such product or service offered by any Business Provider, you expressly authorize us to provide your personally identifiable information to those Business Providers. Please be aware that the Business Providers with whom we share your personally identifiable information may retain or use your personally identifiable information whether or not you use their products or services, and the privacy and information sharing practices of such Business Providers may differ from those described in this Privacy Policy and are governed by the Business Provider’s privacy policy. It is your responsibility to read the Business Providers privacy policy and familiarize yourself with their information sharing practices. Additionally, we may share personally identifiable information with other third parties to whom you expressly ask us to send your information. If you prefer not to be contacted by any such Business Provider or other third party with whom we share your personally identifiable information, you may follow the "unsubscribe" instructions provided in any email you receive from any such Business Provider or third party or other method described in their privacy policy. You may opt out of our sharing your personally identifiable information with Business Providers and other third parties by following the instructions described below under "Your Options Regarding Personally Identifiable Information".
Third Parties Performing Functions on Our Behalf: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples may include fulfilling orders, sending postal mail and email, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments and providing customer service. In connection with their performance of these functions on our behalf, we may share personally identifiable information with such companies and individuals as needed for them to perform their functions on our behalf, but they may not use it for other purposes. If you do not allow us to share your information with these third party providers providing services on our behalf, we may not be able to provide you with products or services.
In-House Promotions: We may from time to time combine information that we receive online with outside records to enhance our ability to market our products and services that may be of interest to you. If you have signed up to receive our emails or SMS/text messages and prefer not to receive marketing information from us, please follow the "unsubscribe" instructions provided on any marketing email you receive from us or by following the instructions described below under "Unsubscribe Requests".
Disclosure as Part of Legal Process: We reserve the right to release personally identifiable information to third parties to comply with a legal obligation; when we believe in good faith that the law or a governmental authority requires it; to enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions and other policies or agreements; to protect the rights, property or safety of our company, our users or others; or to address fraud protection, credit risk reduction, security and technical issues. By using this Website, you consent to the reservation and exercise of the foregoing rights.
Business Transfers: We may share your personally identifiable information with other entities and our affiliates primarily for business and operational purposes. We may also disclose your personal identifiable information in connection with a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of the business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
With Your Consent: Other than as set out above, we will not share your personally identifiable information with third parties without first providing you with notice and the opportunity to withhold consent.
Your Options Regarding Personally Identifiable Information
Except as provided under “Disclosure as Part of Legal Process” and “Business Transfers” you may opt out of our sharing of your personally identifiable information with third parties (other than third parties performing functions on our behalf) by sending us an email with "OPT OUT" in the subject line.
Third Party Online Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies to provide advertisements to you when you visit our Website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to show you advertisements tailored to your interests on this and other websites and other interactive media and/or to keep track of your response to each ad. For more information on this practice, or to opt out of having this information used by these companies, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
Use of Cookies
We employ technologies such as cookies to assist in data collection and to track visitor Website usage and trends to help us better serve our customers. Certain Website features may only be available through the use of such technology. Use of such technology is a standard practice among Internet Websites; most Internet browsers permit a user to accept, decline or delete cookies.
Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites and Ad Servers
Our Website may contain links to other websites whose information practices may be different than ours. Our Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy, and Disclaimer may or may not be consistent with the policies and procedures of such third party websites. When you visit such websites our Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy do not apply to personally identifiable information and other data collected by such third party. You should consult, read and understand the policies and procedures, including the privacy notices, of such third parties before choosing to provide personally identifiable information on any such linked websites.
Our Website may also use a third party ad server to present the advertisements that you may see on our Website. These third party ad servers may use technologies such as cookies, web beacons and clear .gifs to help present such advertisements, and to help measure and research the advertisements' effectiveness. The use of such technologies by third party ad servers is subject to the privacy policies of the third party ad servers, and is not covered by our Privacy Policy.
Our Commitment to Security
We have in place what we believe to be reasonable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access of, maintain data security for and correctly use the personally identifiable information you have provided or that we otherwise collect on our Website. HOWEVER, WHILE SUCH EFFORTS ARE INTENDED TO ENSURE THE CONFIDENTIALITY OF YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION AVAILABLE TO US AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF OUR WEBSITE, WE CANNOT AND DO NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE THE ABSOLUTE SAFETY AND SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION.
How You Can Access or Correct Information
You may obtain information regarding the personally identifiable information that you provide or we collect about you via our Website to view and correct any factual errors in such information. Access to personally identifiable information that you provide or we collect via our Website may be accessible for a limited period of time after the point of collection. For example, if you created a password-protected account within our Website, you may return to that portion of the Website to review the personally identifiable information you provided. Alternatively, you may request information about or corrections to your personally identifiable information by sending an email or letter to the street or email address for our business headquarters, the contact information for which can be found via the "Contacts" page accessible on our Website homepage.
Usage Terms
Access to and use of this Website is subject to compliance with this Website's Terms and Conditions.
Unsubscribe Requests
To unsubscribe from email communications from us, please send us an email with “UNSUBSCRIBE” in the subject line.
Special Note for Parents
This Website you are visiting is a general audience website and was not designed for children. We are not responsible for any access or use of this Website by children. (By way of example, this Website is not intended to sell products for purchase by children.) If you are under 18, you may use our Website only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Notice to California Residents – Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, you may have the right to request and receive information about disclosure of your personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Because it is our policy not to share your personally identifiable information with third parties for third-party direct marketing purposes without your consent, we are exempt from the requirement to respond to such requests. If you have any questions about our compliance with this requirement, please contact us via the “Contacts” page accessible on our website homepage.
Notice to California Residents – Do Not Track
At this time, we do not respond to Do Not Track browser settings or signals. In addition, we may use other technology that is standard to the Internet, such as pixel tags, web beacons, and other similar technologies, to track you to our Website. Those tools may be used by us and by third parties to collect information about you and your internet activity, even if you have turned on the Do Not Track signal.
International Users
If you are visiting our Website from a location outside the United States, your connection will be through and to servers located in the United States. By using our Website, or providing us with information, you (a) acknowledge that the Website is subject to the laws of the United States, (b) consent to the collection, processing, maintenance and transfer of such information in and to the United States and other applicable territories in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as or equivalent to those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen, and (c) waive any claims that may arise under those laws.
Disclaimer
As noted in this Privacy Policy, we take our commitment to protection of your privacy seriously. However, NOTHING IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY IS INTENDED TO CREATE OR PROVIDE ANY RIGHT OF ACTION FOR ANY VIOLATION.
Miscellaneous
Access to and use of this Website is subject to compliance with this Website's Terms and Conditions.
This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of the state in which our business is located, and you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of state and federal courts located in that state for all disputes arising out of or relating to this Privacy Policy.
You agree that any and all causes of action arising out of or relating to this Privacy Policy shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action.
If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this Privacy Policy, or portion thereof, to be unenforceable, all other terms and conditions shall remain in full force and effect.
We reserve the right to amend, change, modify, add to or delete this Privacy Policy from time to time in any manner and for any reason. Such amendments, changes, modifications, additions or deletions shall be effective immediately upon posting, unless otherwise indicated.