https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt00000004EynAAE&status=Active
Skip to content
Backgrounds Online
Active Participant
Industries
Business and Professional Services
Employment Services
Participation
Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework: Active
Original Certification Date:
8/24/2017
Next Certification Due Date: 2/3/2021
Data Collected:
NON-HR
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework: Active
Original Certification Date:
2/28/2017
Next Certification Due Date: 2/3/2021
Data Collected:
NON-HR
Purpose of Data Collection
Backgrounds Online gathers personal information on individuals who have provided proper consent in writing. The information is used to produce and provide background checks/consumer reports for pre-employment screening and other permissible purposes under the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). Backgrounds Online only shares the information necessary to third parties, including but not limited to: Government sources (County Courts, Department of Motor Vehicles, etc.) and third party sources (Credit Bureaus, Court Record Researchers, etc.) for the purpose of completing the background checks/consumer reports.
Privacy Policy
Non-HR Data
Document:
BackgroundsOnline.com's Privacy Policy
Description:
Backgrounds Online is a consumer reporting agency governed by the Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") as well as other state and federal laws. It is required by the FCRA, 15 U.S.C. § 1681 et seq. to maintain the confidentiality of all consumer information. We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. Our privacy policy is intended to describe how we use and handle personal information as it pertains to your usage of our web site located at http://www.backgroundsonline.com.
Effective Date: 11/17/2019
Verification Method
Self-Assessment
Dispute Resolution
Questions or Complaints?
If you have a question or complaint regarding the covered data, please contact Backgrounds Online at:
Jeremy Ferro Director of Operations
Backgrounds Online
1915 21st St
Sacramento, California
95811
jeremy.ferro@backgroundsonline.com
Phone: (916) 453-1843
Fax:
Privacy Shield organizations must respond within 45 days of receiving a complaint.
If you have not received a timely or satisfactory response from Backgrounds Online to your question or complaint, please contact the independent recourse mechanism listed below
NON-HR RECOURSE MECHANISM
BBB EU Privacy Shield Program
Appropriate statutory body with jurisdiction to investigate any claims against Backgrounds Online regarding possible unfair or deceptive practices and violations of laws or regulations covering privacy
Federal Trade Commission