http://www.trendsource.com/privacy-policy/
Market Research
Market Research
Market Research Overview
Methodologies
Methodologies
Methodologies Overview
Primary Market Research
Omnichannel
Mobile
Ethnography
Panel Surveys
Online Communities
Focus Groups
Mystery Shops
Online & IVR
Custom Programs
Data Analytics
Data Analytics
Data Analytics Overview
Data Collection
Data Analysis
Data Visualization
Predictive Modeling
Custom Dashboards
Voice of the Customer
Voice of the Customer
Voice of the Customer Overview
Customer Satisfaction Surveys
Customer Intercepts
Shop-alongs
Competitor Analysis
Competitor Analysis
Competitor Analysis Overview
Competitive Benchmarking
Competitor Research
Competitive Pricing Analysis
Mystery Shopping
Mystery Shopping
Mystery Shopping Overview
Customer Experience Management
Competitor Monitoring
Rewards and Recognitions
Our Shoppers
Compliance & Audits
Compliance & Audits
Compliance & Audits Overview
Retail Audits
Marketing Audits
Merchandising Audits
Employee Compliance Audits
Grocery Store Audits
Stock Audits
CMS Compliance Audits
Brand Health
Brand Health
Sentiment Analysis
Social Listening
Net Promoter Score
Health and Safety
OnSite Inspections
OnSite Inspections
OnSite Inspections Overview
Physical OnSite for Consumer Reporting
Occupancy Verification
FHA Lender Inspections
Debt Collector Inspections
Repossession Lot Inspections
I-9 Employee Verifications
Property Condition Inspections
Client Login
Strategic Consulting
Strategic Consulting
Strategic Consulting Overview
Training and Development
Change Management
Facilitated Workshops
Customer Experience Optimization
Our Difference
Our Difference
Our Difference Overview
Our Story
Our People
Our Clients & Industries
Our Clients & Industries
Our Clients & Industries Overview
Grocery
CPG
Retail
Manufacturers
Food Service
Marketing Agencies
Healthcare
Finance
Technology & Telecom
Transportation
Government & Education
Regulated Services
Our Approach
Our Field Agents
News & Research
News & Research
News & Research Overview
Trends Blog
Consumer Insights
White Papers
Case Studies
Infographics
Webinars
Events
Introduction – TrendSource, Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy. We have established this Privacy Policy and are providing it to you so that you can understand the manner in which we collect and use your information and the efforts we use to protect it. Please note that this policy is for the TrendSource, Inc. website only and does not apply to other 3rd party web sites linked to from our web site. Please check the privacy policies on those websites for more information.
Personal Information Collected – TrendSource, Inc. recognizes the need for consumers to control the use and management of personal information. By personal information we mean information that can be used to identify or contact an individual. This may include, but is not limited to, a first and last name, a physical address, an email address, or a phone number. If you are visiting our site to browse or find information about TrendSource, Inc.'s services, you do not need to provide any personal information. If you require additional information, however, we may collect this information so that we can provide you with the information you requested.
Automatic Information Collected – Our website makes use of various technologies to collect information about types and versions of internet browsers used when accessing our web site. This information, and information about internet IP addresses, as well as date and time web pages are visited are stored in various security and traffic logs. We review these logs, using statistical analysis, in an effort to track and predict traffic patterns and estimate resource needs. Unless we are tracking down a technical problem or we suspect either fraudulent behavior or illegal conduct we do not trace specific user sessions.
Personal Information Use – TrendSource, Inc. uses personal information provided by you so that we can service your account. Also note that we may need to transfer that information to our agents or employees of our service providers. We will not sell or trade your information to unrelated third parties. When you submit a request you will receive an email confirmation from our system. As your request status changes you may also receive notifications via email. These notifications are considered part of our service and may not be disabled. We may also periodically send you email notifications concerning products or services. Any such notification will include instructions for opting out of future mailings.
Third Parties – We may partner with other third parties to provide various services. When you sign up for these services we will share required personal information that is necessary for the third party to provide the service to you. We take reasonable steps to ensure that these third parties are obligated to protect your information on our behalf. It is also against our policy to sell or trade information collected online without consent. We may, however, release personal information if we are legally required to do so. If we are legally compelled to release information to a third party, TrendSource, Inc. may or may not notify you of this release. Notification will be at the discretion of TrendSource, Inc. and will be based on the nature and conditions surrounding the release of information.
Information Control – Your company profile is accessible from our website and you may update it at any time. Our website provides you with the ability to change your phone numbers, physical addresses, and email address information stored in your profile. You may also write to us at the address listed at the bottom of this policy to request that we make the change for you.
Children – TrendSource, Inc.'s website is targeted to mature adults and as such is not meant to attract children. We do not intend to collect personal information from anyone we know to be under thirteen years of age. If you are the parent or guardian of a child under thirteen years of age and believe that your child has disclosed personally identifiable information to us, please contact us so that we may remove the child's information.
Supplemental Technologies – Our website uses cookies, session identifiers, JavaScript(tm), and browser detection technology to provide consumers with a more pleasant online experience. Many browsers provide consumers with the ability to disable some or all of these technologies. Disabling them, especially in the case of JavaScript(tm), may prevent you from viewing some web pages. Note that the cookies we use do not place any personally identifiable information on your computer.
Confidentiality and Security – TrendSource, Inc. takes reasonable steps to ensure that your information is protected. Internally, we limit access to your information to those employees or agents who we believe have reasonable need to use the information to provide products or services to you, or to perform their jobs.
Notifications – This web site may send you notifications via email in order to service your TrendSource, Inc. account. These notifications are considered part of our service and may not be disabled. We will send the email but we cannot guarantee delivery. You are responsible for providing a valid email address and for updating it when your address changes.
History – A privacy policy was established for this web site on September 30, 2011. We periodically make changes to the policy to reflect additions or changes to our practices. You may review the current policy at any time by returning to this web page. This policy was last changed on October 24, 2011.
Compliance – This privacy policy complies with ecommerce industry best practice guidelines and California's Privacy Protection Act of 2004. If you have any questions or concerns about this policy please contact us using the information provided below.
Please direct all privacy/usage related questions and concerns to the following address:
TrendSource (Corporate Office)
4891 Pacific Highway Suite 200
San Diego, CA 92110
Start Getting Insights Now
Schedule a 20-Minute Call
X