http://www.americanbankmontana.com/privacy-and-security
Skip Navigation Documents in Portable Document Format (PDF) require Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0 or higher to view,download Adobe® Acrobat Reader.
Privacy & Security
What Does American Bank Do With Your Personal Information?
Rev. Date Jan 2020
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and credit history
Payment history and employment information
Transaction or loss history and wire transfer instructions
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons AMERICAN BANK chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons We Can Share Your Personal Information
Does American Bank Share?
Can You Limit This Sharing?
For our everyday business purposes
Such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes To offer our products and services to you
No
We Don't Share
For joint marketing with other financial companies
No
We Don't Share
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes
Information about your transactions and experiences
No
We Don't Share
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes
Information about your creditworthiness
No
We Don't Share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We Don't Share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We Don't Share
Questions?
American Bank’s annual privacy notice is now available on our website: www.americanbankmontana.com. Federal Regulations require us to tell you our privacy notice has not changed and we do not share your information. If you would prefer to receive a printed copy of our annual privacy notice, please call (800) 255-7911 and we will mail you a copy. Thank you for being an American Bank customer!
What We Do
How does American Bank protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. We also maintain other physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect this information and we limit access to information to those employees for who access is appropriate.
How does American Bank collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
Apply for a loan or give us your contact information
Provide employment information or provide your mortgage information
Show your driver’s license
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
Sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes — information about your creditworthiness
Affiliates from using your information to market to you
Sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
— American Bank doesn't share with our affiliates.
NonAffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
— American Bank doesn't share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
—American Bank doesn't jointly market.
Other Important Information
In accordance with Montana law, American Bank will not share information we collect about Montana residents with companies outside of American Bank, except as permitted by law, such as legal processes or as required to service your account. We will limit sharing within our company to the extent required by applicable Montana law.
PROUD TO SERVE FIVE COMMUNITIES ACROSS MONTANA
Stop in at any American Bank branch and see the difference our commitment makes to you, your business, and our community.
BRANCH LOCATIONS
American Bank ©
Banking
Contact Us
Personal
Checking
Savings
Debit Cards
Credit Cards
CDs & IRAs
Business
Business Checking
Business Savings
Business Debit Cards
Business Credit Cards
AB Office Custom Business Banking
Services
AB Anywhere App
Transfers
Lost or Stolen Cards
Bill Pay
Reorder Checks
Safe Deposit Boxes
Notary
Lending
Contact Us
Personal
Consumer Lending
Real Estate & Home Equity Loans
Business
Business Lending
Commercial Real Estate
Aircraft Financing
Commercial Construction
Resources
Contact Us
Fraud Protection
Calculators
Everfi Financial Literacy
About Us & Contact
Contact Us
About
Branches & ATM Finder
Our Bank Story
Careers
Board of Directors
Officers
Financials
Contact
Branches & ATM Finder
Big Sky
Big Timber
Bozeman
Livingston
Whitefish
Close main menu Back