https://www.lafrancecorp.com/legal
Legal Information
Legal Disclaimer
Images and company names shown on this site reflect examples of LaFrance produced products. The logos and other trademarks shown on this site are the property of their respective owners and licensors and may not be reproduced, copied, or manipulated in any manner without the express written approval of the trademark owner or licensor.
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting LaFranceCorp.com. To help protect your privacy, we provide the following document defining our online information practices.
The Information We Collect
The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages include: name, email address, telephone number, the company you represent, and related industry.
We do not track any other information when you visit our website.
We do not use Cookies.
How We Use The Information
We may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products, programs, services, to respond to your inquiries about our offerings, and to offer you other products, programs, or services that we believe may be of interest to you.
We sometimes use the information that we collect to improve the design and content of our site. Site visitors may be added to our target market list.
We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency’s request.
We do not share the information collected with other organizations.
Opt-Out
If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, please let us know by sending us email at the below address or writing to us at the below address.
Our Commitment To Security
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.
How To Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about the online privacy statement for this site or its implementation you may send an email or letter to the following email or street address requesting access to or correction of your personally identifiable information.
LaFrance Corp.One LaFrance WayP.O. Box 5002Concordville, PA 19331Email: info@lafrancecorp.com
California Supply Chains Act
This policy describes LaFrance’s response to California's Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010. On January 1, 2012, the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010 (SB 657) went into effect in the State of California. This law describes the information to be made available by manufacturers and retailers regarding their efforts (if any) to address the issue of slavery and human trafficking.
Verification ProtocolsLaFrance is committed to fair labor practices within our supply chain. Prior to engaging new suppliers, and periodically thereafter, we evaluate suppliers in an attempt to confirm that our supply chain is not at risk for violating anti-slavery and human trafficking laws, including on site audits. We do not use third-party verifiers. Our own Supply Chain Management Team spearheads the verification process using an internally developed multi-part assessment.
AuditsWe conduct periodic re-assessments of our product suppliers to verify that they are not at risk for violating anti-slavery and human trafficking laws. Our internal Supply Chain Management Team annually conducts announced audits of a representative sampling of our direct suppliers to evaluate their compliance with our anti-slavery and human trafficking company standards. Audits consist of individual and group interviews with supervisors and management, as well as facility tours.
CertificationCurrently, we do not require our direct suppliers to certify that they comply with anti-slavery and human trafficking laws in the country or countries in which they do business.
Internal AccountabilityWe have a Code of Conduct that, among other things, requires suppliers to comply with our anti-slavery and human trafficking standards. Compliance with our requirements is monitored by our Supply Chain Management Team. Non-compliance with our company standards regarding slavery and trafficking can result in corrective action or termination, depending on the number of non-compliances found and their severity. Our Team works with employees and contractors to develop action plans to resolve any such instances of non-compliance. While we believe in sustainable remediation, we reserve the right to terminate a business relationship with an employee or contractor if it is deemed necessary.
TrainingMembers of our Supply Chain Management Team receive training on company policies, practices, and procedures designed to ensure that our supply chain is free of any type of coerced labor.