https://www.checkadvantage.com/privacy-policy
|
Home
Personal
Business
Deposits
Labels
Covers
Registers
Envelopes
Stamps
Reorder
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
How We Gather Information From Users
What We Do With the Information We Collect
Affiliated Sites, Linked Sites and Promotions
Our Commitment to Data Security
Our Commitment to Childrens Privacy
How to Contact Us
How to Access or Correct Your Information
Changes to This PolicyTerms & Conditions of Use
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us at CheckAdvantage.com. To
better protect your privacy we provide this Privacy Policy explaining
our online information practices and the choices you can make about the
way your information is collected and used. To make this Policy easy to
find, we make it available in numerous locations throughout our site.
This Policy applies only to the Web sites and on-line services provided
by CheckAdvantage.com. This Policy does not cover any interaction you
may have with CheckAdvantage.com by telephone, postal mail or other
offline communications.CheckAdvantage.com strives to offer its
visitors the many advantages of Internet technology and to provide an
interactive and personalized experience. We may use Personally
Identifiable Information (your name, e-mail address, street address,
telephone number, etc.) subject to the terms of this Policy. We will
never sell, barter, or rent your email address to any unauthorized third
party. By visiting CheckAdvantage.com, you are accepting the practices
described in this Policy.     Back to Top
How We Gather Information From Users
How we collect and store information depends on the page you
are visiting, the activities in which you elect to participate and the
services provided. For example, you may be asked to provide information
when you register for access to certain portions of our site or request
certain features, such as receiving notification of future promotions,
newsletters or when you make a purchase. You may provide information
when you participate in interactive areas of our site. Like most web
sites, CheckAdvantage.com also collects information automatically and
through the use of electronic tools that may be transparent to our
visitors. For example, we may log the name of your Internet Service
Provider or use cookie technology to recognize you and hold information
from your visit. Among other things, the cookie may store your user name
and password, sparing you from having to re-enter that information each
time you visit, or may control the number of times you encounter a
particular page while visiting our site. As we adopt additional
technology, we may also gather information through other means. In
certain cases, you can choose not to provide us with information, for
example by setting your browser to refuse to accept cookies, but if you
do, you may be unable to access certain portions of the site or may be
asked to re-enter your user name and password, and we may not be able to
customize the site's features according to your preferences.     Back to Top
What We Do With The Information We Collect
Like other Web publishers, we collect information to enhance
your visit and deliver more individualized content, functionality,
promotions, and advertising. We respect your privacy and do not share
your information with anyone except as set forth in this Policy.Aggregated
Information (information that does not personally identify you) may be
used in many ways. For example, we may combine information about your
usage patterns with similar information obtained from other users to
help enhance our site and services (e.g., to learn which pages are
visited most or what features are most attractive). Aggregated
Information may occasionally be shared with our business partners.
Again, this information does not include any Personally Identifiable
Information about you or allow anyone to identify you individually.We
may use Personally Identifiable Information collected on
CheckAdvantage.com to communicate with you about your registration and
customization preferences; our Terms of Service and privacy policy;
services and products offered by CheckAdvantage.com and other topics we
think you might find of interest.Personally Identifiable
Information collected by CheckAdvantage.com may also be used for other
purposes, including but not limited to site administration,
troubleshooting, processing of e-commerce transactions, administration
of promotions, and other communications with you. Certain third parties
who provide technical support for the operation of our site (our Web
hosting service for example) may access such information. We will use
your information only as permitted by law. In addition, from time to
time as we continue to develop our business, we may sell, buy, merge, or
partner with other companies or businesses. In such transactions, user
information may be among the transferred assets. We may also disclose
your Personally Identifiable Information when we are required to do so
by law, court order, or other government or law enforcement agency; to
enforce or apply our rights and agreements; to respond to claims that a
customer's website is engaged in activities that violate the rights of
third parties; or when we believe in good faith that disclosing this
information is necessary or advisable, including for example, to protect
the rights, property, or safety of CheckAdvantage.com, our users, or
others.     Back to Top
Affiliated Sites, Linked Sites, and Promotions
CheckAdvantage.com expects its partners and affiliates to
respect the privacy of our users. Be aware, however, that third parties,
including our partners, affiliates, and other content providers
accessible through our site, may have their own privacy and data
collection policies and practices. For example, during your visit to our
site you may link to, or view as part of a frame on a
CheckAdvantage.com page, certain content that is actually created or
hosted by a third party. Also, through CheckAdvantage.com you may be
introduced to, or be able to access information, Web sites, features,
and promotions offered by other parties. CheckAdvantage.com is not
responsible for the actions or policies of such third parties. You
should check the applicable privacy policies of those third parties when
providing information on a feature or page operated by a third party.While
on our site, our third parties may use cookies or other technology to
attempt to identify some of your preferences or retrieve information
about you. Other features available on our site may offer services
operated by third parties and may use cookies or other technology to
gather information. CheckAdvantage.com does not control the use of this
technology by third parties or the resulting information, and is not
responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties. You
should also be aware that if you voluntarily disclose Personally
Identifiable Information on message boards or in chat areas, that
information can be viewed publicly and can be collected and used by
third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited
messages from other individuals or third parties. Such activities are
beyond the control of CheckAdvantage.com and this policy.     Back to Top
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and
ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate
physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure
the information we collect online. However, "perfect security" does not
exist on the Internet, and there is always some risk in transmitting
information electronically. The Personally Identifiable Information we
collect is stored within databases that we control. As we deem
appropriate, we use security measures consistent with industry
standards, such as firewalls and encryption technology, to protect your
information. However, since no security system is impenetrable, we
cannot guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we guarantee
that information you supply will not be intercepted while being
transmitted to us over the Internet.Any actual or suspected breaches of assigned user accounts should be reported directly to CheckAdvantage.com for further investigation.     Back to Top
Our Commitment to Childrens Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially
important to us. For that reason, CheckAdvantage.com does not knowingly
collect, solicit or maintain Personally Identifiable Information from or
about children we actually know are under 13 at our website, and no
part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.If
we discover we have received any information from a child under 13 in
violation of this policy, we will delete that information immediately.
If you believe CheckAdvantage.com has any information from or about
anyone under 13, please contact us at the address listed below.     Back to Top
How To Contact Us
We can be reached by contacting CheckAdvantage.com or email customer service at: sales@checkadvantage.com.     Back to Top
How To Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your Personally Identifiable Information
we collect online and maintain by emailing customer service at
sales@checkadvantage.com and requesting a copy of your information. To
protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to
verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. Only
upon verifying your identity will we supply your information. We use
this procedure to better safeguard your information.You can correct factual errors in your Personally Identifiable Information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.     Back to Top
Changes To This Policy
CheckAdvantage.com reserves the right to change this policy
at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your
continued use of our site following the posting of changes to these
terms will mean you accept those changes. Information collected prior to
the time any change is posted will be used according to the rules and
laws that applied at the time the information was collected.     Back to Top
Terms & Conditions of Use
If you choose to visit CheckAdvantage.com, your visit and any dispute
over privacy are subject to this Policy and all of the provisions found
in our Terms & Conditions of Use including limitations on liability,
dispute resolution, and governing law.     Back to Top
Company
About Us
Contact Us
FAQs
Affiliate Program
Shop
Free Shipping
Cheap Checks
Policies
Shipping Info
Privacy
Security
Terms & Conditions
Stay In Touch
Click To Verify
© 2001-2020 CheckAdvantage®, LLC    |    1801 Lawrence Drive    |    Post Office Box 5816    |    De Pere, WI 54115    |    888-657-9758    |    sales@checkadvantage.com