http://www.hillusher.com/privacy.jsp
Introduction
Information
News & Research
Green & Gold
Insurance Terminology
Surety Terminology
Request a Proposal
Apply Online
Downloadable Applications
Insurance Programs
Business Property & Casualty Lines
Family Home, Auto & Other Lines
Group Life, Health & Other Disability
Specialty Programs
Aerial Pak
Construction
Bar Pak
Dine Pak
Package Choice
Trim Risk
Online Services
Service Center
Report a Claim
Contact Us
Where is Hill and Usher?
Careers
PRIVACY & SECURITY POLICY
Hill & Usher does not sell or otherwise transfer any of its database information to other entities which will market to you.
We provide information to insurance and surety companies and service vendors like credit agencies and auto drivers license verification services only if you request insurance or surety service from us or you wish for us to provide an indication of available terms.
Hill & Usher does not share your personal information with anyone except as required for us to provide services you request and as permitted by law.
We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
We do not give your personal information to third parties for any type of promotional or marketing purposes not related to Hill & Usher.
We may share your personal information with parties such as our vendors, who help us service your policy, settle claims, process your payments, properly rate your policy and provide additional information to you about your insurance products.
Whenever we share your personal information with these other parties, including vendors, insurance brokers, and carriers, we will make a diligent effort to protect your privacy with a confidentiality agreement that limits their use of your information to the service requested and requires consistency with this Privacy Statement. However, many insurance carriers and vendors with whom we do business maintain their own standards of privacy; therefore, we cannot be responsible for your information while in their care or control. If you are interested in more information about various carriers' Privacy Statements, please contact that entity or our office.
Your payment and personal information is always safe. Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read over the internet.
Any and all refunds will be provided per the terms of the policy that was purchased.
Any purchases that require shipping will not be processed until payment has been processed and completed.
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy without providing advance notice of our intent to make the changes.
Home |
Business Property & Casualty Lines |
Family Home, Auto & Other Lines
Group Life, Health & Disability |
Individual Life, Health & Disability
Service Center |
Report a Claim |
Newsletters |
Careers
Customer Care Center Online Services
Check Out Hill & Ushers Specialty Programs
»
Trim Risk for Landscapers
»
Package Choice for Photography Studios
»
Restaurants & Bars
»
Residential General Contractors
»
Aerial Pak for Aerial Photographers
»
Other Commercial Lines
»
Other Personal Lines
Have Questions? Need more information about Hill & Usher or one of our programs? Contact one of our licensed insurance professionals by phone or email for assistance.
Contact Us »
©
Hill & Usher, LLC. All Rights Reserved. CA #0C73815
Phone: (602) 956-4220 | Fax: (602) 956-4418