https://www.pncu.com/privacy-policy-2/
×
Hello, how can we help you?
Search for:
Close top bar
Privacy Policy
WHAT DOES PNCU DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
WHY?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
WHAT?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number
Payment history
Income
Transaction or loss history
Account balances
Credit history
When you are no longer a member, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
HOW?
All financial companies need to share members’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their members’ personal information; the reasons PNCU chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does PNCU share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes—
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes—
to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
No
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—
information about your transactions and experiences
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—
information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
Questions?
Call toll-free (866) 592-7628 or go to www.pncu.com
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
PNCU means Polish National Credit Union
What we do
How does PNCU protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
We also maintain other physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect this information and we limit access to information to those employees for whom access is appropriate.
How does PNCU collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
Open an account
Give us your income information
Apply for a loan
Show your driver’s license
Make deposits or withdrawals from your account
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information about your credit worthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for non-affiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional right to limit sharing. See below for more on your rights under state law.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
PNCU has no affiliates.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by credit union ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
PNCU does not share with non-affiliates so they can market to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include credit card companies, broker-dealer investment and insurance services
Other Important Information
For Massachusetts Members. We will not share personal information from deposit or share relationships with non-affiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing – without your authorization.
Close
Font Resize
A-
A+
Readable Font
Contrast
Choose color
black
white
green
blue
red
orange
yellow
navi
Underline links
Clear cookies
Close
Due to an increase in COVID-19 cases, branch lobbies are closed until further notice.More information.