http://www.electrix.co.uk/us/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
We use cookies on our website to enhance your experience. Click here to find out more about our usage.
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 22nd May 2018.
This Privacy Policy sets out how Electrix International Ltd (“Electrix”) uses and protects any information that you give to Electrix when you use www.electrixinternational.com, www.electrix.co.uk, www.electrix.fr, www.canalisations-electriques.com, www.kabelverlegungssysteme.com, www.electrix-america.com and any other associated websites.
Electrix is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. If we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using our websites, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
Introduction
Electrix International Ltd (Electrix) is committed to conducting its business in accordance with all applicable Data Protection laws and regulations and in line with the highest standards of ethical conduct.
This policy explains when and why we collect personal information about the people with whom we interact, how we use it, the conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.
Methods of communication include, but are not limited to:
Visiting ElectrixInternational.com or any of our associated websites.
Contact via Telephone, Fax or Email.
Any other communications method.
Electrix has adopted the data protection principles as set out in the GDPR. As part of the compliance process Electrix has analysed its current data collection activities and assessed those against the Lawful Bases for processing. The conclusion is that Electrix can apply Legitimate Interest as the grounds for processing personal data. Where necessary, Legitimate Interest Assessments (LIAs) have been used to assess and record our findings.
This Policy may be updated from time to time so please check this page occasionally to ensure that you’re happy with any changes. By communicating with Electrix International Ltd, you are agreeing to be bound by this Policy.
If you have any queries regarding this policy, please email privacy@electrixinternational.com or write to Electrix International Ltd, FAO Data Protection Officer, Dovecot Hill, South Church Enterprise Park, Bishop Auckland, Co Durham, DL14 6XP, United Kingdom.
This policy has been approved by Electrix’s Managing Director, Malcolm Thompson.
Who is Electrix International Ltd?
Electrix International Ltd is The World’s Leading Manufacturer & Stockist of Stainless Steel Cable Management Systems.
Electrix International Ltd is a limited company registered in England and Wales. Registered No.: 1570249.
Registered address: Dovecot Hill, South Church Enterprise Park, Bishop Auckland, Co Durham, DL14 6XP, United Kingdom.
How is your information collected?
We obtain information about you when you:
Interact with our website(s) e.g. filling in contact forms, registering for an account.
Make contact via telephone (monitored and recorded for training purposes), fax or email.
Are listed as a contact in any publicly available information.
Make contact with us at trade shows.
What type of information is collected?
We may collect the following information:
Full Name.
Job Title.
Contact Information (including Company Name, Company Address, Email Address & Telephone Numbers).
Demographic Information – such as Post Code / ZIP Code.
Other data collected that could directly or indirectly identify you (e.g. IP address).
How is your information used?
We may use your information to:
Process quotes, orders and enquiries that you have submitted.
Carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into by you and us.
Seek your comments and views on services we provide.
Notify you of new products or special offers that may be of interest.
Send you communications which you have requested.
Help us improve website content.
Process a job application.
Notify you of any changes in policies that relate to you and our business practices.
The above list is not exhaustive. We offer all customers and potential customers the opportunity to opt-in and opt-out of our marketing activities.
Who has access to your information?
Electrix International Ltd will not sell or rent your information to third parties, nor will we share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.
We may pass your information to our third-party service providers for the purposes of anything listed in ‘How is your information used?’, for example; processing payments; sending you mailings (electronic and physical); to enable our couriers to deliver goods and provide tracking information.
When personal information is disclosed, only the minimum information is provided to deliver the service.
Where it is necessary to transfer personal data to a third party in the UK or internationally, Electrix International Ltd will have carried out the necessary checks on that third party and will ensure the correct contracts are in place.
We will not release your information to any other third-parties unless we are required to do so by law.
When you are using our secure online payment platform, your payment is processed by a third-party payment processor.
Communication Options
You have a choice about whether or not you wish to receive information from us. All digital marketing communications have an ‘Unsubscribe’ link within the email which will remove you from our digital marketing email database only. There is also the option to ‘Update Preferences’ where you can opt in or out of receiving marketing communications by other means.
When collecting or verifying your data verbally you will be given the option to opt-out of future marketing information. We will record your preferences in our database.
You can change your marketing preferences at any time by emailing privacy@electrixinternational.com or writing to Electrix International Ltd, FAO Data Protection Officer, Dovecot Hill, South Church Enterprise Park, Bishop Auckland, Co Durham, DL14 6XP, United Kingdom.
Opting out of marketing activities will not prevent us from contacting you regarding specific day-to-day business-related activities.
Updating your information
The accuracy of your information is important to us. If any of the information we hold about you is inaccurate, please email privacy@electrixinternational.com or write to Electrix International Ltd, FAO Data Protection Officer, Dovecot Hill, South Church Enterprise Park, Bishop Auckland, Co Durham, DL14 6XP, United Kingdom.
Security, Storage and Retention
We follow generally accepted standards to store and protect the personal data we collect, both during transmission and once received and stored, including the use of encryption where appropriate.
We must retain personal data for no longer than is necessary. What is necessary will depend on the circumstances of each case, taking into account the reasons that the personal data was obtained and consistent with our data retention guidelines.
All personal data is deleted or destroyed as soon as possible where it has been confirmed that there is no longer a need to retain it.
Transferring Data / Giving access to Third Parties
There are restrictions on international transfers of Personal Data.
Where it is necessary to transfer Personal Data to a Third Party in the UK or internationally, Electrix will have carried out the necessary checks on the Third Party and will ensure the correct contracts are in place and will authorize the appropriate Employee to carry out the transfer.
Cookies & Website Analytics
A cookie is a small data file that is placed on your computer, tablet, cell phone or any other web-enabled device that allows us to record information when you visit or interact with our website(s).
They are used to store information, such as the time that the current visit occurred, whether you have previously visited the site, your device’s operating system, the browser you are using and which site referred you to our website.
We will use this information to analyse browsing patterns, geographical locations, commonly used search terms and page popularity to assist our continuous website improvements and to pro-actively improve users’ experience.
We use 1st party cookies on our websites to give you a better user experience e.g. to store any items you have placed in your basket and to recognise your chosen language preference.
The only 3rd party cookies in use on our website are for Google Analytics (www.google.com/analytics), Canddi (www.canddi.com) and Live Agent Chat (www.ladesk.com).
Google Analytics: Records visits to our website(s) based on IP address (and the geographical location of the IP address) and records information such as (but not limited to) which product pages are most popular, which search terms are most popular, how long customers spend on the website and/or if the user is a returning visitor.
Canddi: When you submit any forms on our website(s), Canddi will capture your contact details (not credit card details) and link them to your cookie information. Electrix uses this information to enhance the services that we offer our customers.
Live Agent Chat: This cookie remembers your initial session preferences to our website(s) to prevent live chat invite requests appearing on each page you visit.
A cookie does not give us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies when you first visit our website(s). Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website and can reduce the website’s functionality.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Newsletter Sign Up
* Required fields are marked with an asterisk
First Name *
Please enter a First NamePlease enter a valid First Name, the maximum length is 50 characters.
Last Name *
Please enter a Last NamePlease enter a valid Last Name, the maximum length is 50 characters.
Email Address *
Please enter a valid Email AddressPlease enter a valid Email AddressThe Email Address entered is already registered, please sign in with the Email Address or enter a different one
Company Name *
Please enter a Company NamePlease enter a valid Company Name, the maximum length is 150 characters.
Town / City *
Please enter a valid Town / City, the maximum length is 50 characters.
Nature of Business *
Please enter a valid Nature of Business, the maximum length is 50 characters.
Preferred Language *
Please select a preferred language *EnglishFrenchGermanUS English
Please select a preferred language
I understand you will use my personal data to improve services and send me marketing communications *
Please accept the statement to continue
Please confirm you are not a robot
We have been unable to verify your identity, please confirm you are not a robot.
You have products in your basket. Would you like to save your items for a later date?
Item(s)
Please sign in or register to save this for later
Discard