http://www.ventureseek.com/cookies-policy
Skip to the navigation.Skip to the content.Home PageFind VenturesFind CapitalFind PartnersFind Consultants JoinLog InVentureSeek Cookies Policy
Our website uses cookies. By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
About cookies
Cookies are files, often including unique identifiers, that are sent by web servers to web browsers, and which may then be sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies can be used by web servers to identity and track users as they navigate different pages on a website, and to identify users returning to a website.
Cookies may be either 'persistent' cookies or 'session' cookies. A persistent cookie consists of a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, which will be stored by the browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date (unless deleted by the user before the expiry date). A session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
Cookies on this website
We use both session cookies and persistent cookies on this website.
How we use cookies
Cookies do not contain any information that personally identifies you, but personal information that we store about you may be linked, by us, to the information stored in and obtained from cookies. The cookies used on this website include those which are strictly necessary cookies for access and navigation, cookies that track usage (performance cookies), remember your choices (functionality cookies), and cookies that provide you with targeted content or advertising.
We may use the information we obtain from your use of our cookies for the following purposes:
to recognise your computer when you visit our website
to track you as you navigate our website, and to enable the use of any e-commerce facilities
to improve the website's usability
to analyse the use of our website
in the administration of this website
to personalise our website for you, including targeting advertisements which may be of particular interest to you.
Third party cookies
When you use our website, you may also be sent third party cookies.
Our advertisers and service providers may send you cookies. They may use the information they obtain from your use of their cookies:
to track your browser across multiple websites
to build a profile of your web surfing
(to target advertisements which may be of particular interest to you.
In addition, we use Google Analytics and Webtrends to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics and Webtrends generate statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google's privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html
In addition to the information we provide in this Cookie Policy, you can find out more information about your online choices at http://www.youronlinechoices.com/
Blocking cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. For example:
in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking 'Tools', 'Internet Options', 'Privacy', and selecting 'Block all cookies' using the sliding selector;
in Firefox you can block all cookies by navigating to 'Preferences', 'Privacy & Security', and under History un-checking 'Accept cookies from websites';
in Google Chrome you can adjust your cookie permissions by navigating to Settings > Content Settings > Cookies or by using the Settings Search function. Adjust the options accordingly.
Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites. If you block cookies, you may not be able to use certain features on this website (log on, access content, use search functions).
Deleting cookies
You can also delete cookies already stored on your computer:
Internet Explorer and Microsoft Edge: please refer to https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/278835/how-to-delete-cookie-files-in-internet-explorer (IE) and https://www.wiknix.com/how-to-clear-cache-and-cookies-in-microsoft-edge-browser/ (Edge) for instructions on how to delete cookies;
in Firefox, you can delete cookies by, first ensuring that cookies are to be deleted when you 'clear private data' (this setting can be changed by clicking 'Tools', 'Options' and 'Settings' in the 'Private Data' box) and then clicking 'Clear private data' in the 'Tools' menu.
in Google Chrome you can adjust your cookie permissions by navigating to Settings > Privacy and security > Clear Browsing Data. Select the 'Cookies and other site data' checkbox and click the 'CLEAR DATA' button. You may want to check the 'Auto History Wipe' Chrome extension to automatically clear your browsing data when you quit the browser.
Please beware that doing this may have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.
Share Tweet Share ShareVentureSeek LoginxCloseJoin VentureSeekxClose