http://www.quicken.com/privacy/us/ccpa/opt-out
Skip to main content
Quicken
Solutions
expand/collapse
Manage Spending
Create a Budget
View & Pay Bills
Plan for Retirement
Track Investments
Manage a Small Business
Property Management
Benefits
Plans & Pricing
Support
expand/collapse
Help Center
Community
Contact Support
Download & Install
Download Older Versions
Getting Started
FAQ
Sign In
expand/collapse
My Account
Quicken on the Web
Investment Portfolio
Sign Out
Buy Quicken
You are hereHome > Privacy > US > CCPA
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Do Not Sell Request
Quicken values the privacy of its users and the confidentiality of their information. The CCPA has modified the following instances of information sharing and categorized them as selling information:
We may release your IP address and hashed email address (which cannot identify you) to advertising partners for the purpose of better marketing and or not marketing Quicken products/services to you.
We may release personal information to our credit card and bank partners to provide you jointly offered products and services that we believe you might be interested in. These partners are under a contractual duty to protect the privacy of your personal information and may not share it onward except with vendors who are directly involved in delivering these products and services, and who are also under contractual privacy obligations.
Based on the CCPA, you have the right to direct Quicken to not sell your personal information as defined above. This right is referred to as the right to opt-out. If you are a California resident, can verify your residency, and would like to opt-out of the sale of your personal information as defined by CCPA, choose from one of the options below.
I have a Quicken ID
If you have a Quicken ID, choose this option and sign in. Your opt out will be stored with your Quicken ID.
I do not have a Quicken ID
If you don’t have a Quicken ID, choose this option.