http://www.socu.com.au/privacy
page top
Menu
Banking & Finance
I Want To
Buy my first home
View our loan options to purchase your first home or next home to live in.
Buy an investment property
View our loan options for the purchase of an investment property.
Make a large purchase
A range of car and personal loans for large purchases or debt consolidation.
Refinance my home loan
Wondering whether you should refinance your home loan?
Get finance for a kit home or other pre-manufactured home
Finance solutions for less traditional homes and dwellings.
Prepare for retirement
Financial planners can help you with your investment portfolio, making the most of superannuation, retirement planning and more.
Become a Member
Become a SERVICE ONE Member, access the products and services on offer and help us Do Good.
Find out about Internet & mobile banking
Internet and mobile banking (including a dedicated App) for you to access your account information, make payments and much more.
Switch to SERVICE ONE
We can help you move your transactional banking and/or loans over to SERVICE ONE.
Find out about for purpose business banking
Additional benefits for social enterprises, not-for-profits and community organisations.
Loans
Home Loans
A complete range of loans to purchase a home to live in or an investment property.
Personal Loans
A range of car and personal loans for large purchases or debt consolidation.
Student Personal Loans
Unsecured and secured loan options for higher education students and apprentices.
Eco Loan
Our Eco Personal Loan options will help you finance environmentally friendly solutions for your home.
Overdraft
An overdraft facility is attached to an eligible savings account to provide you with access to extra funds when you need them.
Business Lending
A range of loan and overdraft solutions and equipment finance for your small business.
Social Enterprise Loan Scheme
A dedicated loan scheme for socially-conscious ventures and enterprises to apply for finance.
Calculators
Practical tools to
help you better manage your money.
Accounts
Personal Accounts
Our transaction accounts are all about ease of access while our savings account options will maximise your returns.
Term Deposits
Term Deposit options allow you to grow your savings as you lock in a rate of return over a period of your choice.
Wealth Manager Banking Package
Manage your own wealth, save money and access personalised service with SERVICE ONE Alliance Bank's Wealth Manager Banking Package.
Student Account
The FREEstyle Student Account is the ultimate everyday transaction account with an unlimited Fee Allowance for eligible students or apprentices.
Business Account
The Business Account is designed to help small businesses manage cash flow and provide ease of access to funds.
Financial Claims Scheme
Find out about this Australian Government scheme to protect depositors.
View all accounts
View all the transaction, savings and investment account options.
Cards & Access
Visa Cards
A credit option to access a credit facility on a low rate, low fee card or the debit card to access your own funds.
rediCARD
With the rediCARD you can access your own funds through the EFTPOS and ATM networks.
Internet & Mobile Banking
Internet and mobile banking (including a dedicated App) for you to access your account information, make payments and much more.
Phone Banking
phoneLink provides you with 24-hour access to your accounts via a secure automated telephone service
ATM Locator
One of the most convenient ways of accessing your money is through a rediATM - the national ATM network for mutuals.
BPAY
A service you can access through Internet, mobile and phone banking, BPAY enables you to pay many of your household bills with just a few clicks.
Bank@Post
Pay your bills, make deposits to, or withdraw funds from, over 3,500 participating Australia Post outlets.
Other Services
Additional services such as payroll deductions, cheque facilities, periodical payments, and direct debits/credits.
ATM Network
Find out about rediATM - the national ATM network for mutuals.
New Payments Platform
A faster, simpler, smarter way to pay and get paid.
More
Insurance
Through our partnership with CGU, we can offer competitively priced cover options for you and your family.
Financial Planning
Financial planners can help you with your investment portfolio, making the most of superannuation, retirement planning and more.
International
Travelling overseas or sending to or receiving money from overseas? With our foreign exchange services we can simplify these payments for you and provide easy access to your funds while travelling.
Help & Support
There are a number of ways you can access help. Find out how.
Rates & Charges
Review rates and fees across our range of banking products and services.
Health Services
I Want To
Become a SERVICE ONE Member
Become a SERVICE ONE Member, access the products and services on offer and help us Do Good.
Access bulk billing GPs
Access unlimited bulk billing doctors and other services.
Make an enquiry
Contact us for banking support or to establish NHC membership.
A range of benefits
NHC membership at a reduced rate is just one of many benefits SERVICE ONE Members enjoy.
Bulk Billing Doctors
Bulk Billing Doctors
Access unlimited bulk billing doctors and other services.
NHC Primary Health Services
Access primary health services and no or low cost.
NHC Membership
Join the National Health Co-op through SERVICE ONE.
NHC Clinic Locations
Find out where the NHC clinics are located.
About the NHC
Learn more about the National Health Co-op.
Health Sessions
Health Information Sessions
Information sessions to help improve health education in the community.
Community Initiatives
I Want To
Become a SERVICE ONE Member
Become a SERVICE ONE Member, access the products and services on offer and help us Do Good.
Suggest an idea for community investment
Find out more about our community investment program.
Find out about Community POS
Apply for a POS terminal for your community event.
Access bulk billing GPs
Access unlimited bulk billing doctors and other services.
View Banking Products
A complete range of loans to purchase a home to live in or an investment property.
Sponsorship
Sponsorship
View our sponsorship guidelines and how to submit a sponsorship request.
Investments
Community Investments
Find out more about our community investment program.
Social Enterprise Loan Scheme
A dedicated loan scheme for socially-conscious ventures and enterprises to apply for finance.
Projects
The Mill House
A social enterprise accelerator program to nurture and develop socially-conscious entrepreneurs and ventures.
Assistance Beyond Crisis
Providing interest free loans to those escaping domestic and family violence.
Financial Literacy
Financial Literacy
Come along to one of our financial literacy sessions.
Community POS
Community POS
Apply for a POS terminal for your community event.
Member Benefits
Our Story
About Us
Our Story
Mission & Values
Member Service Promises
History
Community Support
Corporate Social Responsibility
Publications
News and Media
Latest News
Investment showcase
Member Commitment
Careers
Member Testimonials
Robyn - The service is the best I have ever received from any financial institution
Joanne - Knowledgeable and friendly staff
Keith - Wide range of products and services
Lindsay - No complaints
Tom - Highly recommended
Michael - Knowledgeable branch staff
Joy - Great service
Gail - All-round satisfaction
Patricia - Open and transparent
Christina - Loyal clientelle
Robyn - I will always remain a loyal client
Stephanie - Personal touch
Eva - Staff are always a pleasure
Carrie & Michael - Exceptional customer service
Jennifer - Good prompt personal service
Mike - Always been very happy with the service
Michelle - Extremely satisified
Cheryl - A life long positive banking relationship
Special Offers
Become a Member
Directors & Executive
Governance
Codes of Practice
Contact Us
BSB 801-009
Internet Banking
Login
What are you looking for?
Apply
Calculators
Rates & Fees
Apply
Membership Establish membership with SERVICE ONE.
Open an account Open a savings or transaction account.
Loan Application Start your loan application now.
Credit Card Application Start your credit card application now.
Resume application Resume a saved or partially completed loan application.
General Enquiry Ask us a question.
Request a call Arrange a call back.
Calculators
Borrowing Power Estimate how much you can borrow
Loan Repayment Calculate weekly/monthly home loan repayments.
Budget Planner Put together your household budget to get a sense of where your money is going and what you could be saving.
Term Deposit Calculate the amount of return on your investment.
View all calculators Practical tools to help you better manage your money.
Rates & Fees
Home Loans Home Loan Interest Rates.
Personal Loans and Cards
Personal, Car, Eco Loans, Cards and Overdraft Interest Rates.
Savings and Investment Accounts Everyday and Savings Account and Term Deposit Interest Rates.
Fees and Charges Fees and Charges that are payable.
Privacy
ShareEmailFacebookTwitterLinkedIn
Home
/ Privacy
SERVICE ONE’s Privacy Policy
SERVICE ONE Mutual Limited is a party to a strategic alliance with Bendigo and Adelaide Bank Limited (Bendigo) ACN 068 049 178 AFSL/Australian Credit Licence 237879, under which SERVICE ONE acts as an agent of Bendigo Bank. As a result, personal information held by SERVICE ONE may be shared with Bendigo Bank, and other third party providers, including where you obtain a SERVICE ONE Alliance Bank branded financial product or credit facility.
This Privacy Policy contains important information about your personal information.
About this policy
This document sets out how SERVICE ONE Mutual Limited (SERVICE ONE) ACN 095 848 598 (including the use of Bendigo Bank's registered trade mark SERVICE ONE Alliance Bank) (“we” or “us”) safeguards your privacy.
This document has been developed to follow a ‘layered’ format which means that it offers layers of detail. You can therefore read as much or as little as you like and can find what you need quicker.
Information about how we handle your credit related information is contained in Bendigo Bank's Credit Reporting Policy.
Privacy Policy
We recognise the importance of protecting your privacy. We are committed to ensuring the continued integrity and security of the personal information you entrust to us.
We appreciate that the success of our business is largely dependent upon a relationship of trust being established and maintained with past, current and prospective members, shareholders and other individuals with whom we conduct business. We will therefore continue to collect and manage your personal information with a high degree of diligence and care.
Our aim is to comply at all times with the privacy laws (incorporating the Australian Privacy Principles) that apply to us. If you have a comment, query or complaint regarding a privacy matter, we encourage you to discuss it with us.
Collection
We usually collect personal information directly from you. Sometimes we collect or confirm this information from a third party such as a credit reporting body. We will use reasonable efforts to obtain your consent prior to contacting a third party for this purpose.
We collect personal information that includes details such as your:
Name
Address
Date of birth
Contact details (such as phone and fax numbers, e-mail addresses)
Financial information such as information about your use of financial products and services which you acquire from or through us.
In some cases, we may need to collect sensitive information about you (such as health related information). We will first seek your consent to collect such information where we are required to do so.
As part of our business operations we also collect personal information from other individuals such as shareholders and non-corporate suppliers. Where you are not a member of ours you may still seek confirmation as to whether we hold information in relation to you.
We may collect information from you because we are required or authorised by an Australian law or court/tribunal order to collect that information. We will tell you if collection is required or authorised by law and provide you with details of the law, court or tribunal order. Examples of which include:
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing laws;
The National Consumer Credit Protection Act 2009 (Cth); and
The Income Tax Assessment Act 1936 (Cth).
We may collect personal information about you from commercially available third party databases.
When you visit our website, apps or other web-based content and services (“Websites”), either we or our service provider will record information (such as your computer’s IP address and top level domain name, the type of browser you are using, the date, time and pages accessed) in relation to your visit.
Use and disclosure
We use your personal information in order to:
Provide you with financial products and services (including situations where we are an agent for another product issuer)
Assist you with your queries or concerns
Comply with any legal or regulatory obligations imposed on us
Perform our necessary business functions (such as internal audit investigations, performance reporting, research, product development and planning, assessing credit applications for new or existing loans and managing your credit accounts).
To do this, we may disclose your personal information to organisations that carry out functions on our behalf. This may include for example, mailing and printing houses, cheque and electronic transaction processors, information technology service providers, professional advisers, account holders and operators, valuers, introducers, guarantors, debt collection agencies, regulators and government authorities. Our agreements with these entities ensure this information is only used to carry out functions on our behalf.
Depending upon the type of product you have requested, we may also disclose your personal information to credit reporting bodies, the trustee or manager of a superannuation fund and insurance companies.
In the case of shareholders, personal information is disclosed to our share registry service provider.
We may also disclose your personal information to an individual or an organisation (a ‘third party’) if:
You direct us to do so;
You consent to the third party obtaining the information from us; or
You consent to the third party accessing the information on our systems, and/or do anything which enables the third party to obtain access.
Your consent to a third party obtaining or accessing information may be implied from:
Your use of any service or application which a third party provides to you, or makes available to you, which involves the third party obtaining or accessing personal information held by us or organisations like us; or
You doing anything else which enables the third party to obtain access to the information.
You should never provide or disclose any of your pass codes to any third party to enable the third party to obtain or access your personal information. If you do, you may breach the ePayments Code and the terms and conditions applying to the products and services we provide to you, and you may be liable for any unauthorised transactions that subsequently occur. Pass codes include PINs, internet and telephone banking passwords, and codes generated by security tokens.
We may also use your personal information to tell you about other financial products and services we think you may be interested in. This may include products and services offered or distributed by us or the companies with which we are associated. You can opt out of receiving this information (see ‘Opting out of product promotions’ below). We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
We provide services to a number of business partners and their members. In order to provide these services, personal information may be used and exchanged. The information of these members is given the same level of protection and treated in the same way as for Members of SERVICE ONE.
Where we have collected your personal information on behalf of another party (for example, where we are an agent for another product issuer) or we have disclosed your information to a third party at the request of a service provider nominated by you, the use of your personal information by that party is governed by their privacy policy. You should contact them to understand how they might use your personal information.
Disclosure to overseas recipients
In some cases, we may need to share some of your information with organisations outside Australia. For example, when you instruct us to carry out a transaction such as a telegraphic transfer to or from an overseas country, or when we use service providers located overseas to perform a function on our behalf.
SERVICE ONE may share your information with overseas organisations that are located in the following countries:
Belgium
Bulgaria
Canada
France
Germany
India
Ireland
Nauru
The Netherlands
Philippines
Singapore
Spain
UK
US
You may also refer to the Privacy statement provided to you for specific information about overseas disclosure.
When we share your information with organisations overseas, we ensure appropriate data handling and security measures are in place.
Access and correction
In most cases you can access your personal information held by us. If you believe that personal information we hold about you is inaccurate, out of date or incomplete, you should contact us (see ‘Contacting us’ below).
We will promptly update your personal information that is inaccurate, out of date or incomplete. In some cases, we may request you to provide us with supporting documentation to amend the personal information we hold about you.
If we do not agree that your information is inaccurate, out of date or incomplete, we will give you a written notice including the reasons why we do not agree with you and how you can make a complaint.
Opting out of product promotions
You can opt out of receiving direct marketing material at any time by contacting us (see ‘Contacting us’ below).
If you do opt out, we will continue to provide information in relation to your existing accounts or facilities only (including new features or products related to these accounts/facilities).
Storage and security of your personal information
We will take reasonable steps to keep the personal information that we hold about you secure to ensure that it is protected from loss, unauthorised access, use, modification or disclosure.
Your personal information is stored within secure systems that are protected in controlled facilities. Our employees and authorised agents are obliged to respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by us.
You can also help to keep the personal information that we hold about you secure by taking care before you authorise or otherwise assist any third party to obtain or gain access to that information (see ‘Use and disclosure’ above).
Our Websites and the use of cookies
We use our best efforts to ensure that information received via our Websites remains secured within our systems. We are regularly reviewing developments in online security; however users should be aware that there are inherent risks in transmitting information across the internet.
We use cookies on our Websites. Cookies can make using our Websites easier by storing information about your preferences and enabling you to take full advantage of our services. Cookies are very small text files that a website can transfer to your computer's hard drive or portable electronic device’s memory for record keeping.
We may also use cookies so that we can determine which parts of our Websites are visited most often, or whether you visited our site from a banner advertisement for one of our products and services on another party’s website, and other sites you may visit from our Websites.
Sometimes cookies are used by a third party service provider with whom we have an agreement to monitor the success of our marketing campaigns. The third party service provider uses the cookies to collect information such as when you visited our site, your browser type and the server that you log in to on your computer.
The information is used in an aggregate form and generally no personal information is collected by the third party service provider. Our agreements with these third parties ensure this information is only used to carry out functions on our behalf, and if any personal information is collected the confidentiality of that information is maintained.
We may also use cookies so that we can see which parts of our Websites you visit when you access those Websites. We may use this information for marketing products and services to you. We keep this information confidential and we do not disclose it to third parties.
Most internet web browsers are pre-set to accept cookies to enable full use of websites that employ them. However, if you do not wish to receive any cookies on an internet web browser, you may configure your browser to reject them or receive a warning when cookies are being used. In some instances, this may mean that you will not be able to use some or all of the services provided on our Websites. However, you may still be able to access information-only pages.
Changes to this policy
From time to time, it may be necessary for us to review our Privacy Policy and the information contained in this document. We will notify you of any changes by posting an updated version on our Websites.
Privacy concerns or complaints
If you have concerns or wish to make a complaint regarding the handling of your personal information by us, please contact our team on 1300 361 761 or at support@serviceone.com.au. We will promptly investigate your complaint and notify you of the outcome.
If you are not satisfied with the response provided by our team, you have the option of referring the matter to Bendigo Bank's Customer Advocate that will impartially assess your complaint, keep you informed of the progress and provide you with a response.
Bendigo Bank's Customer Advocate can be contacted by:
Telephone: 1300 139 572 (+61 3 5485 7919) between 8:30am and 5:00pm Victorian time, weekdays.
Email: customeradvocate@bendigoadelaide.com.au
Mail: Write to Customer Advocate PO Box 480, BENDIGO VIC 3552
Alternatively (or following consideration by the Customer Advocate) you may refer your complaint directly to:
Australian Financial Complaints Authority
GPO Box 3
MELBOURNE VIC 3001
Phone: 1800 931 678
Fax: 03 9613 6399
Email: info@afca.org.au
www.afca.org.au
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner
GPO Box 5218
SYDNEY NSW 2001
Phone: 1300 363 992
Email: equiries@oaic.gov.au
www.oaic.gov.au
European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are in a country that is a member of the European Economic Area (EEA), you may be protected by the European Union General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (‘GDPR’). Please click here to read more information about our GDPR Policy.
Contacting us
We welcome and appreciate your feedback. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, what personal information we may hold in relation to you, or about the way we manage your personal information you can contact us as follows:
SERVICE ONE
Privacy Officer
Locked Bag 1
DEAKIN ACT 2600
T: 1300 361 761
E-Mail: support@serviceone.com.au
Bendigo and Adelaide Bank
The Bendigo Centre
PO Box 480
BENDIGO VIC 3552
T: 1300 236 344
E-Mail: ContactUs@bendigoadelaide.com.au
If you would like to contact an entity in the Bendigo and Adelaide Bank Group which is not listed above, please contact 1300 236 344.
Further information about privacy
You can find more information about privacy (including information about specific issues, answers to frequently asked questions and links to the 13 Australian Privacy Principles) on the Office of the Privacy Commissioner’s website at www.oaic.gov.au.
Information on Bendigo Bank's Privacy Policy and Credit Reporting Policy is available at https://www.bendigobank.com.au/privacy-policy.
Date of Publication – November 2018
Related information:
Privacy Disclosure Statement - Application for Credit
Privacy Disclosure Statement - Application for Deposits
Disclosure Documents
Our Codes of Practice
Electronic Verification Terms and Conditions
Contact us
Call 1300 361 761
Email
Locations/rediATMs
Subscribe
Mobile bankers
Meet with a mobile banker
Our mobile bankers can come to you or chat with you over video call.
Book an appointment now
COVID-19 information
Our response, access to services and support available.
Find out more
2020 Do Good Awards
The Alliance Bank Do Good Awards are all about acknowledging those doing good in our community.
2020 finalists announced
Assistance Beyond Crisis (ABC)
ABC offers interest free loans for people who have experienced and left a domestic violence situation.
Find out more
Are you experiencing financial difficulty? Get financial assistance