https://www.data-axle.com/how-we-help/small-business/
Skip to content
Search for:
Who We Are
Our Data
Business DataAccess nearly 300 attributes about millions US and Canadian businesses, in real-time.
Consumer DataAlmost 200 consumer attributes updated in real-time and compiled from over 90 sources.
B2C LinkPersonal and professional data attributes in a single profile for a 360-view of your audience.
Donor DataHundreds of attributes on your donor community to inform effective online and offline campaigns.
What We Do
Services
Data ProcessingData hygiene, enhancement, appends, and more to make your data actionable.
Agency ServicesData sciences, consulting, creative, campaign execution, media planning.
Database ServicesMarketing, prospect, and analytic databases built to power your growth.
Lead GenerationB2B and B2C lead gen via opt-in digital placements and co-branded emails.
Data MonetizationMonetize your data with our end-to-end list management service.
Products
Data Axle Apps
Acquisition Platform
Credit Solutions
Inboxable
Local Listings
Reference Solutions
Data Axle USA
Data Axle Genie
Local Results
How We Help
By Need
AcquisitionContinually acquire profitable new customers to grow your business.
IntelligencePower learning opportunities to improve performance and deepen insights.
RetentionReduce attrition and increase lifetime value and loyalty to increase profitability.
Data LicensingLicense our data to build and improve products, applications, and services.
By Vertical
Agency
B2B Technology
Government
Financial Services
Insurance
Library & Academia
Nonprofit & Political
Retail
Resellers
Small Business
Customer Success
Case Studies
Testimonials
Recognition
Design Gallery
Resources
Thought Leadership
Blog
Expert Q&A
News & Media Coverage
Contact Us
866-DATAXLE
solutions for small businesses
We help small businesses identify, reach, and acquire new customers
Small businesses use Data Axle’s marketing, sales, and lead generation solutions to find and connect with customers and drive results for their businesses in ways that work for their size now and can scale as they grow.
Contact us
Large-scale CRM features priced for small business
Thousands of small businesses rely on our sales enablement platform, Data Axle Genie, to ensure they have access to the best business and consumer data, as well as core features they need to source prospects and manage outreach.
Learn more about Data Axle Genie
A marketing arm for your business
Whether you need help building a new website, tracking performance of your current one, developing SEM and display strategy, or just need to find the right channels to communicate through, our Local Results tool and our team, provide the expertise you need to grow your business.
See features
Access lists of business and consumer prospects instantly
When you need to pinpoint a specific audience segment and manage outreach to those prospects, or incorporate that data into other tools you use, Data Axle USA can provide you with access to our business and consumer data, along with features that help you manage your communications.
Learn more
Extremely helpful with making credit decisions
"Their service is extremely helpful with making credit decisions. I like having different options of how to find the locations. I’ve really enjoyed working with our account manager as he has always been very helpful in keeping me informed with any new updates to the credit solutions application."
Local business owners are thrilled
"Local business owners are thrilled when they see what Data Axle's database can do for them. Having Reference Solutions available has helped us build positive relationships within our business community and turned influential business owners into powerful library advocates.
"
Easy to use lead generation tool
"We are able to target the types of business that we need. Very affordable. Great customer service."
Quality list and great customer service
"We have been using Data Axle USA for years. Recently our account was assigned to Heather Conklin and she had been great to work with. We are already learning new strategies to help make our marketing efforts more successful."
Evaluate and mitigate risks to your business based on the latest data
Managing risk is really important for small businesses. Our full suite of credit, risk management, compliance, and analytics solutions help you optimize business opportunities, make informed decisions, and keep your business safe and profitable.
Learn more about our Credit Solutions
Gain control of your own business data across the web
Data Axle’s Local Listings application enables small businesses to have broader reach by allowing you to create, manage, and update your online business listings in a single step. Your location data is then distributed to an extensive network of outlets that includes major search engines, Internet Yellow Page sites (IYPs), navigation devices, smart speakers, mobile apps, and directory-assistance (411) services.
See how
Want to know more about our small business solutions? Reach out.
We respect your privacy. Data Axle will use the information you provide in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You may opt-out of all marketing communications at any time.
Related content
blog
What marketers need to know about Gmail’s impact on email marketing
Deliverability is pivotal to email program success and since Gmail is the most popular ISP, it’s crucial to understand how it has transformed the landscape and changed the terms of customer engagement.
Read on
blog
5 tips for assessing small business credit risk
Many small businesses have financial footprints that are less established than those of larger companies, and their financial interests.. Here are five tips you can follow that will help you evaluate the creditworthiness of a small business.
Read on
blog
Strategies for achieving growth during COVID-19
To thrive during this crisis, companies need to think outside the box to reallocate budgets and seize opportunities for growth. Learn 5 ways to grow your business when in-person connections are not an option.
Read on