https://www.intelitechgroup.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Login
Business Intelligence
PRIVACY POLICY
COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY
This Website is owned and operated by The Intelitech Group™. Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. At The Intelitech Group™, we want to make your experience online satisfying and safe.
Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we feel you should fully understand our policy and the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it.
INFORMATION THE INTELITECH GROUP™ GATHERS AND TRACKS
Information The Intelitech Group™ gathers through aggregated tracking information derived mainly by tallying page views throughout our sites. This information allows us to better tailor our content to readers’ needs and to help better understand the demographics of our audience.
The Intelitech Group™ Gathers User Information In The Following Processes:
Optional Voluntary Information
We offer the following free services, which require some type of voluntary submission of personal information by users:
Surveys
The Intelitech Group™ may occasionally conduct user surveys to better target our content to our audience. We sometimes share the aggregated demographic information in these surveys with our partners. We never share any of this information about specific individuals with any third party.
Cookies
We may place a text file called a “cookie” in the browser files of your computer. The cookie itself does not contain Personal Information although it will enable us to relate your use of this site to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can’t read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. The Intelitech Group™ uses cookies to track user traffic patterns (as described above).
USE OF INFORMATION
The Intelitech Group™ uses any information voluntarily given by our users to enhance their experience in our network of sites, whether to provide interactive or personalized elements on the sites or to better prepare future content based on the interests of our users.
As stated above, we may use information that users voluntarily provide in order to send out electronic newsletters and to enable users to participate in polls, surveys, and forums. The Intelitech Group™ never shares newsletter mailing lists with any third parties, including advertisers, sponsors or partners.
The Intelitech Group™ creates aggregate reports on user demographics and traffic patterns. We will not disclose any information about any individual user except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the public.
SHARING OF THE INFORMATION
The Intelitech Group™ uses the above-described information to tailor our content to suit your needs and help better understand our audience’s demographics. We will not share information about individual users with any third party, except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the public.
SECURITY
The Intelitech Group™ operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems and only grants authorized individuals access to the information provided by our customers. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced.
YOUR CONSENT
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by The Intelitech Group™. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
The Intelitech Group
360.260.9780
4800 NW Camas Meadows Dr #220 Camas, WA 98607
Terms of Use
Privacy
© 2020 The Intelitech Group - All Rights Reserved
Home
Who We Are
Solutions
Collection Analytics
Collector Training
Resources
Blog
Let's Talk!
Login
Business Intelligence