http://www.diyshutters.com/termsofuse.htm
Kestrel Manufacturing, Inc. Terms of Use
This website is owned by Kestrel Manufacturing, Inc.   PLEASE READ
THESE TERMS OF USE BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE.  By using this website you
acknowledge that you have read and agreed to these terms of use.
Terminology
In these terms of use, the expressions "we", "us" and
"our" are a reference to Kestrel Manufacturing, Inc., unless the
context dictates otherwise.
Information
The material on this website may change without notice so we recommend that
you check our website for changes before acting upon material previously
obtained from this website. While we provide the material in good faith, we
accept no responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, suitability for your
intended use or timeliness of it. You accept that any material provided by us
is general in nature and does not constitute advice. We recommend that you
obtain professional advice before relying on or using such material. We do not
undertake to keep this website updated.
Ordering
By purchasing any products from us or our website you acknowledge that you are
a person who can make legally binding contracts and have read and agreed to
our Terms and Conditions of
Sale and Terms of Use policy.
Cancellation Due to Error
You acknowledge that despite our reasonable precautions, goods or services may
be listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to a
typographical error or like oversight. In these circumstances, we reserve the
right to cancel or amend the transaction.
Availability of this Website
Due to the nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee or warrant that the
functions on this website will be uninterrupted or error free or that defects
will be corrected or that this website or the server that makes it available
is free of any virus or other harmful elements. We may terminate access to
this website at any time without notice.
Website Links This website may contain
links to other websites operated by parties that are not associated with us
("third parties"). These links have been provided solely for you to
obtain further information about other relevant products and organizations in
the market. We have no control over the information on these sites or the
products or services on them and therefore make no representations regarding
the accuracy or suitability of such information, services, or products. We
recommend that you make your own inquiries in relation to third parties
described or linked on this website. Inclusion of a link to a third party
website should not be seen as our endorsement of that party's website,
products, services or views. By linking to sites operated by third parties, we
are not authorizing the reproduction of any material on such websites, as such
material may be the subject of intellectual property rights.
Intellectual Property Rights
We are the owner or licensed user of the copyright and other intellectual
property rights in the material on this website. You may not reproduce, adapt,
upload, link, frame, broadcast, distribute or in any way transmit the material
on this website without the express written consent by an officer or Kestrel
manufacturing, Inc., other than to the extent necessary to view the material
or as permitted by law. Title to anything ordered by you does not pass to you.
Alterations
We reserve the right to amend these terms of use (including our Privacy
Policy and Terms and
Conditions of Sale), the License and the goods and services available via
this website at any time. Amendments will be effective immediately upon
updating this website. Your continued use of the website following such
notification will represent an agreement by you to be bound by the terms of
use as amended.
Security
You must take your own precautions to ensure that the process which you employ
for accessing this website (or any linked website) and any goods or services
available from it do not expose you to the risk of viruses, malicious computer
code or other forms of interference which may damage your own computer system.
You acknowledge that despite all reasonable precautions on our part, there is
a risk of unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data
or of information contained on your computer system or on this website. We do
not accept responsibility or liability of any nature for any such losses which
you may sustain as a result of such activity.
Disclaimer Except in relation to liability
that cannot be lawfully excluded, we do not accept responsibility for any loss
or damage, however caused (including through negligence), which you may
directly or indirectly suffer in connection with your use of this website or
any linked website, nor do we accept any responsibility for any such loss
arising out of your use of or reliance on information contained on or accessed
through this website.
To the extent permitted by law, any condition or warranty that would otherwise
be implied into these terms and conditions is hereby excluded. Where
legislation implies any condition or warranty, and that legislation prohibits
us from excluding or modifying the application of, or our liability under, any
such condition or warranty, that condition or warranty will be deemed included
but our liability will be limited for a breach of that condition or warranty
to one or more of the following at our option (a) if the breach relates to
goods, (i) replacing the goods or supplying equivalent goods, (ii) repairing
such goods, (iii) paying the cost of replacing the goods or of acquiring
equivalent goods, (iv) paying the cost of having the goods repaired, or (v)
refunding the fees; and (b) if the breach relates to services, (i) supplying
the services again, (ii) paying the cost of having the services supplied
again, or (iii) refunding the fees.
General
We accept no liability for any failure to comply with these terms of use where
such failure is due to circumstance beyond our reasonable control.
If we waive any rights available to us under these terms of use on one
occasion, this does not mean that those rights will automatically be waived on
any other occasion.
If any of these terms and conditions are held to be invalid, unenforceable or
illegal for any reason, the remaining terms and conditions shall nevertheless
continue in full force.
In the event of inconsistency between these terms of use or any summary of the
License and the License, the terms of the License shall prevail.
Privacy
Please read our Privacy
Policy to understand how your personal information will be treated when
you use this website.
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Law Applies
This website is governed by and is to be interpreted in accordance with
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania law. Both of us irrevocably submit to the
non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
You must ensure that your access to this website is not illegal or prohibited
by laws that apply to you. Details contained on this website relating to goods
or services have been prepared in accordance with Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
law and may not satisfy the laws of any other state or country. It is your
responsibility to determine whether these details satisfy the laws of the
jurisdiction where you reside (if that jurisdiction is outside The
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania) and if the details do not satisfy the laws of
your jurisdiction, you may not order any goods or services from this website.
Kestrel Manufacturing, Inc. may occasionally amend this
policy. We suggest that you bookmark this page and check to see if it has
changed from time to time.
| Home
| Products | Quotes
| Order | Samples
| Contact
Us | Help | FAQ's
| Dealer Enquiries |
Kestrel Shutters & Doors, #9
East Race Street, Stowe, Pennsylvania 19464 USA
800.494.4321  or
610.326.6679          FAX
610.326.6779
sales @ diyshutters.com
privacy
policy         terms
of use
Copyright 1989 to 2007     Kestrel
Shutters & Doors, Inc.     ALL RIGHTS RESERVED