http://www.tastetech.co.uk/privacy-policy.html
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyThis policy sets out how TasteTech Ltd will use your personal information when you use this website or receive email communications from us. If you have any questions or requests concerning your personal information or this privacy policy please contact us at privacy@tastetech.com.
What Information Do We Collect About You?
We collect personal information from visitors to this web site using online forms and every time you email us your details. We also monitor traffic patterns and site use in order to improve the service provided to you.
How Will We Use The Information About You?
We store and process your data in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 under which we are a registered data controller. We will use your personal information for the purpose(s) in relation to which you have provided it.
If you have consented to it, we will use your personal information in order to send you marketing material. If you wish to opt out of this in the future please email privacy@tastetech.com.
Where necessary, and in order to provide the services or information you have requested, we may pass your information to our suppliers in order to fulfil the request. We will ensure our suppliers store and process your data in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. We will only disclose your personal information to any other third party only if there is a legitimate reason for such a disclosure (e.g. court order).
How Can I Access The Information You Have About Me?
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like to receive a copy, please email privacy@tastetech.com or write to us at:
Information Manager TasteTech Ltd Wilverley Industrial Estate 813-815 Bath Road Brislington Bristol BS4 5NL United Kingdom
We may make a small charge for this service.
Cookies
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user’s device. You can find more information about cookies at: http://www.allaboutcookies.org and http://www.youronlinechoices.eu.
Cookies do many different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improve the user experience.
The cookies used on this website have been categorised based on the categories found in the ICC UK Cookie guide.
A list of all the cookies used on this website by category is set out below:
Category 1: Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website:
PHPSESSID
This is a session cookie, which is used to ensure information you enter on one page is carried across to others as required. See http://www.allaboutcookies.org/cookies/session-cookies-used-for.html.
Category 2: Performance Cookies
These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works:
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
Google Analytics shows us how people found our web site, how they have explored it and what browser they are using to access it with. With this information, we can improve our website to give you a better experience.
ADDTHIS
This is used to allow you to share pages that you find of particular interest on our site with your contacts. The AddThis cookie allows us to track which platform is used to share the pages on our site e.g. Twitter, Facebook etc.
This privacy policy was last reviewed on 19th April 2017.
To read our GDPR policy click here.
trends
preservatives
butter
sports nutrition
flavours
flavourings
flavour8
confectionery
bakery
chocolate
Flavour Inspiration - Winter 2020
Thursday, 10 December 2020
Flavour Inspiration – Autumn 2020
Monday, 26 October 2020
Experts in helping bakeries reduce food waste
Tuesday, 20 October 2020
Experts in flavours for protein shakes
Friday, 14 August 2020
Mocktail Hour
Monday, 27 July 2020
Quick links
Request a sample
Bakery
Nutrition
People
SorbicPlus
flavour8
StabilisedMentholPlus
Confectionery Acids
Contact us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
GDPR Policy
Back to Top
© 2017 TasteTech