http://www.aac-ams.com/anderson-air-conditioning-privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
About Anderson Air Conditioning
This is a privacy policy for Anderson Air Conditioning. We provide this information in voluntary compliance with W3C privacy standards. We do not collect user identifiable information at this site unless it is voluntarily submitted via email or our contact form. If you should wish for us to remove email records that you have submitted, please send an email indicating your wishes to : opt-out@aac-ams.com
We invite you to contact us if you have questions about this policy.
Reach Out - Anderson Air Conditioning
Dispute Resolution and Privacy Seals
We have the following privacy seals and/or dispute resolution mechanisms. If you think we have not followed our privacy policy in some way, they can help you resolve your concern.
Dispute Resolution: Contact our management. We will help you to resolve any conflicts or errors.
Data Collection
P3P policies declare the data they collect in groups (also referred to as “statements”). This policy contains 1 data group.
Group “Access log information”
We collect the following information:
– Click-stream data
– HTTP protocol elements
This data will be used for the following purposes:
– Completion and support of the current activity.
– Web site and system administration.
– Research and development.
This data will be used by ourselves and our agents.
The following explanation is provided for why this data is collected:
Our Web server collects access logs containing this information.
Cookies
Cookies are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a Web site. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
We do not make use of HTTP cookies.
Compact Policy Summary
P3P compact policies are a form of a P3P policy which summarizes what the policy says about cookies. Since this policy does not mention any use of cookies, there is no compact policy form of this policy.
A policy mentions use of cookies if the data element “HTTP Cookies” is in any group in the policy. This data element is found under “Dynamic data”.
Policy Evaluation
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6 will evaluate this policy’s compact policy whenever it is used with a cookie. The actions IE will take depend on what privacy level the user has selected in their browser (Low, Medium, Medium High, or High; the default is Medium. In addition, IE will examine whether the cookie’s policy is considered satisfactory or unsatisfactory, whether the cookie is a session cookie or a persistent cookie, and whether the cookie is used in a first-party or third-party context. This section will attempt to evaluate this policy’s compact policy against Microsoft’s stated behavior for IE6.
Note: this evaluation is currently experimental and should not be considered a substitute for testing with a real Web browser.
Satisfactory policy: this compact policy is considered satisfactory according to the rules defined by Internet Explorer 6. IE6 will accept cookies accompanied by this policy under the High, Medium High, Medium, Low, and Accept All Cookies settings.
Increased Value To Every Customer We Serve!
call us - 714 .888. 6800