https://www.atma.com.au/cbk/terms-conditions
Member Login
Username
Password
Need help?
Login
Welcome
AboutAims
CBK Mission
MembershipMembership Benefits
Membership Structure
Fee Structure
Application Forms
Member CentreCode of Professional Conduct
Bookkeepers Handbook
CBK Constitution
TrainingFNS10 BAS Agent Registration Skill Set
ResourcesLegislation
Useful Links
CBK Constitution
Complaints
Contact
Certified Bookkeepers
Welcome
About
Membership
Member Centre
Training
Resources
Complaints
Contact
Terms & Conditions
Terms of Use.
1. Association of Certified Bookkeepers Inc (CBK) provides access to this site free of charge to provide information about CBK, its capabilities and the services it provides clients. The sole authorised use of the site is to obtain information about CBK and no other use is permitted.
2. Copyright in all material on this site is owned by CBK or its clients; copyright in the compilation of all materials on this site is owned by CBK. Copyright CBK 2003. All rights reserved. No materials on this site may be reproduced, altered or further distributed without CBK’s prior written permission.
3. All trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos and trade styles on this site are owned by CBK or its clients. Proper use is limited to use in connection with the products and services of the mark owner and no other use is permitted without the owner’s prior written permission.
4. CBK may collect and store personally identifiable information about persons who visit this site and voluntarily submit information in contacting CBK. CBK may also collect and store aggregate or anonymous information about user contact with and use of the site. We may use the information to contact you about our products and services or those of our clients from time to time. You may ask us to delete any information about you and cease further contact at any time by sending us a request marked “Privacy-Urgent”, address as follows: enquiries@CBK.com.au. This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
5. CBK’s policy is not to accept or consider any unsolicited ideas or materials of any kind. Do NOT submit any such materials at any time. If you violate this prohibition, we reserve the right to consider all materials submitted as non-confidential and free of any claims of proprietary or personal rights. Such material and all rights will be our property, free and clear of any claims by you or others, and we will be able to use them for any purpose, including advertising and promotion, without compensation or any other obligations to anyone, including you.
6. CBK assumes no responsibility for the security of this site or your communications with the site. It is strictly prohibited to link other sites with this site without CBK’s prior written permission. We may permit some links for convenience, but CBK has no responsibility for the unaffiliated sites to which it is linked or for material posted to this site by anyone other than CBK.
7. It is strictly prohibited to use or contact this site to disrupt or damage the site, its contents or its security measures or to harass or disparage CBK or its clients or their respective products or services or personnel. No unsolicited email (spam) may be directed to or through this site.
8. If you believe that any material on this site, whether posted by us or by third parties, violates the copyrights or other rights of third parties, please contact us with complete details at enquiries@CBK.com.au This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it so that we can make an informed decision about possible deletion.
9. This site is offered AS IS and without warranties of any kind. CBK disclaims the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a specific purpose as well as title or non-infringement. We are not responsible for timeliness, accuracy, unavailability or interruptions in availability, viruses or other defects in the site or its contents. In no event shall CBK be responsible for any damages to users or their computer systems or otherwise, even if CBK has been informed of the possibility of such damages and without regard to negligence.
10. This site is offered in the English language and is intended for use in Australia. If you require information in other languages about CBK, please contact us at enquiries@CBK.com.au. This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
11. CBK’s headquarters are in Hurstville, NSW. This site as well as these rules are subject to the laws of Australia, regardless of the location of the user, and any claims of any kind related thereto must be filed in the courts located in Australia.
12. Use of this site is subject to these rules and all of the foregoing terms and conditions which you as user accept by contacting and using this site and which govern all use and all results thereof.
13. CBK reserves the right to revise and update these rules at any time, effective on the date of posting to the site of the new and amended rules.
Copyright
This site and its contents are subject to copyright. The site material copyright is owned by Association of Certified Bookkeepers Inc (CBK), or in the case of some material, a third party. The site function and operation copyright is owned by Association of Certified Bookkeepers Inc (CBK).
You may view this site and its contents using your web browser and electronically copy and print hard copies of parts of this site solely for personal, non-commercial use. Any other use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display or performance, of the content of this site is strictly prohibited.
Trademarks
This site includes registered trademarks, and other trademarks that are otherwise protected by law. Except as expressly authorised, the use or misuse of any of these trademarks is strictly prohibited.
Included Trademarks and Registered Trademarks are Trademarks of their respective owners.
Disclaimer
You agree that your access to, and use of, this site is subject to these terms and all applicable laws, and is at your own risk. This site and its contents are provided to you on "as is" basis, the site may contain errors, faults and inaccuracies and may not be complete and current.
CBK makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied as to the operation of this site or the information, content, materials or products included on this site, except as otherwise provided under applicable laws.
Neither CBK, nor its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents, contractors, successors or assigns will be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of, or in any way related to, the use of this site and any other site linked to this site. This limitation applies to direct, indirect, consequential, special, punitive or other damages you or others may suffer, as well as damages for loss of profits, business interruption or the loss of data or information.
Viruses
CBK cannot guarantee that any file or program available for download and/or execution from or via this site is free from viruses or other conditions, which could damage or interfere with data, hardware or software with which it might be used. You assume all risk of use of all programs and files on this site, and you release CBK entirely of all responsibility for any consequences of its use.
Third Party Sites
This site may contain links to third party sites. CBK is not responsible for the condition or content of those sites as they are not under CBK control. You access those sites and/or use the site's products and services solely at your own risk. The links are provided solely for your convenience and do not indicate, expressly or impliedly, an endorsement by CBK of the sites or the products or services provided on the site.
CBK does not permit any linkages to this site without prior permission.
Applicable Law
This site is controlled by CBK. Your use of this site is governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of Victoria, Australia. Disputes arising from your use of this site are exclusively subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of Victoria, Australia.
This site may be accessed throughout Australia and overseas. CBK makes no representations that the content of this site complies with the laws (including intellectual property laws) of any country outside Australia. If you access this site from outside Australia, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for complying with the laws in the place where you access the site.
Privacy
CBK highly value the strong relationships we have with our customers. The collection of data at the CBK is being handled with full and proper respect for the privacy of our customers. The data we collect is handled sensitively, securely and with proper regard to privacy. CBK does not disclose, distribute or sell the data we collect from our clients to third parties.
This site uses a feature of your web browser known as "cookies" to store information and identify you to the system while you’re on a session. No personal details are contained in the cookies.
© 2020 CBK   |   ABN 48 379 719 471
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact