http://www.abg-analytics.com/privacy.shtml
Get updates
Home
Privacy Policy for ABG-Analytics.com
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at info@abg-analytics.com.
At ABG-Analytics.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by ABG-Analytics.com and how it is used.
Log Files Like many other Web sites, ABG-Analytics.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons ABG-Analytics.com does not use cookies.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
.:: Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on ABG-Analytics.com.
.:: Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to ABG-Analytics.com and other sites on the Internet.
.:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include .......
Google Adsense
HOW GOOGLE USES INFORMATION FROM SITES OR APPS THAT USE OUR SERVICES
Amazon
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on ABG-Analytics.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
ABG-Analytics.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. ABG-Analytics.com's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
Stock Reports
Best-Performing Stocks of 2020
Best and Worst Stocks This Week
52-Week Highs and Lows
Stock Beta Estimates
Oversold and Overbought Stocks
Volatility Forecasts
Stock Price Chart Gallery
Technical Indicators Summary
Value-at-Risk
Support and Resistance Levels
List of Covered Stocks
Follow @ABG_Analytics
Features
On Technical Indicators and Trading Systems
Efficient Markets and Our Trading Philosophy
Academic Finance Articles for Stock Traders
Applied Computational Economics and Finance
Investment Research Sites
Books
Recommended Books on Trading and Investing
Asset and Portfolio Management Books
Technical Analysis Books
Economics Books
Financial Economics
Financial Engineering
Investment Classics
Options Pricing, Risk, and Volatility
Disclaimer  Site map  Privacy policy
Follow @ABG_Analytics
© 2001-2020 ABG Analytics and Consulting, LLC. All rights reserved. Last updated August 14, 2020.