http://www.sfi-nl.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - SFI NL
Navigation Menu
Home
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Home »
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us.
It is SFI-NL’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. Accordingly, we have developed this privacy policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose and otherwise make use of personal information. We have outlined our privacy policy below.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use personal information solely for fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other ancillary purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by using reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We will only retain personal information for as long as necessary for the fulfilment of those purposes.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained. SFI-NL may change this privacy policy from time to time at SFI-NL’s sole discretion.
Recent Posts
How to Hire the Best Arborist in Your Area
Tips for Maintaining Your Roof This Summer Season
Key Factors You Should Consider When Hiring a Plumbing Company
5 Major Benefits of Hiring the Services of a Professional Plumbing Company
Search for:
Recent Comments
SFI NLHow to Hire the Best Arborist in Your AreaIf you own a tree in your yard, then you’ll definitely need the service of an arborist at one point. Arborists are professionals whose expertise is lies in planting, removing, and maintaining the health of trees. But just like any other service provider, the expertise level of every professional is not the same. You surely […]Tips for Maintaining Your Roof This Summer SeasonIf you’ve already completed your projects for spring cleaning, summer is the perfect time to examine your roof’s condition. The heat and the summer storms could certainly harm your roof, which leads to leaks, which eventually compromise the structural integrity of your roof. Instead of being reactive, you can actually determine problems before they become […]Key Factors You Should Consider When Hiring a Plumbing CompanyPlumbing problems can surely cause too much of inconvenience to every homeowner. Shower leaks, clogged showerhead, clogged sink, blocked drain, noisy water heater, rattling or creaking pipes, whistling, basement flooding, toilet clogs and poor flushing are just some of the common problems that you might have to experience at some point of time. Most people […]5 Major Benefits of Hiring the Services of a Professional Plumbing CompanyPlumbing issues can often range from simple to complex. Sometimes, it is even difficult to diagnose how complicated plumbing problems might be. This is the reason why it is always best to hire professional plumbing services especially if you do not have any plumbing experience and skills in order to avoid more damages to your […] Archives
April 2020
April 2017
Categories
Plumbing
Roofing Services
Tree Services