http://www.voltage-converter-transformers.com/pages/privacy-policy-html
Voltage Converter Transformers
Search
Home
Product Range
Customer Service
Transformer Purchase Guide
World Electricity Conversion
Contact Us:
1-630-775-1700
Log in or create an account
Your cart is empty
Privacy Policy
Voltage Converter Transformers is a staunch follower of "Privacy Protection" philosophy that goes beyond to just adhering the legal issues. We too are against the breaching of norms (specified below) of privacy protection.
Voltage-Converter-Transformers.com recognizes your right to confidentiality and are committed to protectect your privacy. Voltage-Converter-Transformers.com uses the information that is collected on this site to provide you with a superior shopping and service experience. Voltage-Converter-Transformers.com may share non-personal, summary, or aggregate customer data with partners and other third parties. Market research is also compiled based upon the customers that visit this site, buy products on this site and use these services. This market research will not contain personally identifiable information about any specific customer.Your Account information is protected against unauthorized access or release. Voltage-Converter-Transformers.com will not give, sell, rent, or loan any identifiable personal information to any third party, unless you have authorized such dissemination of data or it is legally required to do so. CookiesTo enhance your experience with this site, the "cookie" feature on your Internet browser is utilized. Cookies are small files that your Web browser places on your computer's hard drive. Cookies from this site let us know that you are a returning customer; and to retrieve certain information previously provided by you to this site, so that you do not need to re-enter this information every time you shop here. Cookies are not used to access information that is entered on the secure server (such as credit card number), this information can only be accessed when you are prompted to enter your username and password. Federal Fair Credit Billing ActIf you're charged for something you didn't order, you must notify your credit card provider in writing in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures and the federal Fair Credit Billing Act. Under the act, if you find such a mistake on your bill, you must send a written letter to the creditor within 60 days after the first bill containing the error was mailed to you. Consumer advocates recommend you send the letter by certified mailing with a return receipt request, so you have proof of the mailing date.
Product Categories
Step Up / Down Voltage Transformer Converter
Step Down Voltage Transformer Converter
Power Regulator with Built-in Voltage Transformer 110V-220/240V
Travel Light Duty Voltage Converters 110V / 220V / 240V
Japan - USA Up/Down Voltage Transformers 100V-110V
Universal Power Strips 110V - 220/240 Volt
Plug Adapters - All Countries
Universal Plug Adapters - All Countries
AC to DC Converters (24V, 18V, 15V, 12V, 9V, 8.4V, 6.5V, 5V, 4.5V, 3V DC)
Heavy Duty AC to DC Power Converter
12V DC to 110/220 Volt AC Power Inverters
Deluxe Step Up & Down Voltage Transformer 110v to 220v
Deluxe Voltage Regulator with 110/ 220 Volt Converter
220V UPS - Un-interruptible Power Backup System
Laptop Travel Converter / Adapter for Foreign Countries
Hair Dryers Dual Voltage 110V-240V
Flash Lights
Kitchen Mixer and Grinder
DVD Player
Pressure Cooker Parts For Hawkins, Futura and Prestige
Radio Cassette Recorders
iHome
Join our Mailing List
Email address:
Site Navigation
Search
About Us
Product Range
Transformer Purchase Guide
World Electricity Conversion
Contact Us
Sitemap
Site Navigation
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Security Policy
Customer Service
FAQ's
Return Policy
© Copyright Voltage Converter Transformers, . All Rights Reserved.
Shopping Cart by Shopify
Payment methods we accept