http://www.byerofmaine.com/pages/privacy-policy-html
Search
Login
0
Cart
Pangean Collection
Byer Cots
Amazonas Hammocks & Chairs
Byer Birding
Globo Poland Collection
Opportunity Buys
Byer Outlet
Login
Search
0
Cart
Search
What are you looking for?
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or respond to a survey.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
To process transactions: Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience: (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve customer service: (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To send periodic emails: The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used
to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be kept on file for more than 60 days.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at www.byerofmaine.com.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 03/04/10
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.byerofmaine.com PO BOX 100 Orono, Maine 04473 United States comfort@byerofmaine.com 1-800-338-0580