https://www.salonfurniture.com/privacy-policy.html
ACCOUNT CONTACT MY CART
Home/ Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We’re glad you chose to visit our website! We care about your privacy and the information you share with us and want you to understand how we are using and protecting the information we collect about you. SalonFurniture.com is respectful of data privacy and adopts best practice in compliance with applicable privacy law and regulations, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
This privacy policy describes the information (personal data) we collect from you, and how it may be stored and processed in the United States of America, as described below.
If you are a European Union (EU) resident, please note that there are a number of provisions in this privacy policy that apply uniquely to you.
What personal data do we collect from the people that visit our website?
We may collect the following personal data:
Contact information, such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number;
Billing information, such as credit or debit card number and billing address;
Unique identifiers, such as user name, account number, and password;
Preferences information you provide, such as product or content interests, or communication or marketing preferences;
Usage activity about how you interact with us, such as purchase history, what content you viewed, and which areas of our Websites you visited; and
Information about your business, such as company name, company size, and business type.
Tracking Technologies
We, or third parties contracted by us, may use technologies such as scripts, to gather information about how you and others interact with our website, and which products and services may be of interest to you. For example, we will know how many users access specific areas or features within our website, and which links or ads they clicked on.
Opting Out of Tracking
If you wish to opt-out, please enable Do Not Track mode in your browser.
Cookies
This site also collects and stores certain information automatically using cookies and similar technologies, including IP addresses, the region or general location of a computer or device accessing the internet, devise type, browser type, operating system, page view history, and other usage information. See our Cookie Policy for further details.
However, to the extent that any cookie can uniquely identify a computer, mobile device, or tablet (“Device”), or the person using that Device, and you are a EU resident, under the GDPR, this is personal data.  Therefore, this privacy policy shall apply to such personal data collected by SalonFurniture.com.
How do we use your personal data?
We may use this information to:
Fulfill your order
Send you an order confirmation
Send notices of updates to our policies, terms and conditions, and other administrative communications.
Assess your needs to determine suitable products or services
Send you requested product or service information
Send product updates, replacement, or warranty information
Respond to customer service requests
Follow up with user after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
Administer your account
Send you a newsletter
Send you marketing communications
Administer a contest, promotion, survey, or other site feature
Ask for ratings and reviews of services or products
Improve SalonFurniture.com's Websites and marketing efforts
Conduct research and analysis
Respond to your questions and concerns
Display content based upon your interests
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you visit our site, create an account, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, or enter information on our site.
What happens if you don’t provide personal data?
In order for us to provide the products, content or services you request, we need your personal data. Therefore, if you do not provide such personal data, we cannot deliver the products, content or services.
Security of Your Personal Data
The security of your personal information is important to us.
SalonFurniture.com maintains safeguards, which include technical and organizational security measures to protect your personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorized use, access, inadvertent disclosure, alteration, and destruction, and we require the third parties we contract with to support SalonFurniture.com's business operations to employ reasonable security measures as well.
In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
All credit card transactions are processed through a third party gateway provider, and are not stored, or processed, on our servers.
Keep in mind, that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure and so we cannot guarantee its absolute security. In lieu of that, please do not email unencrypted credit card information to us. We also ask that you not send or disclose to us, through our services or otherwise, any other sensitive personal information, such as social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, biometric data (for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person), data concerning health or a natural person's sex life or sexual orientation, or criminal background.
The Legal Basis We Have For Processing Your Personal Data
The GDPR requires data collectors, such as SalonFurniture.com, to have a legal basis to use the personal data of EU residents. Therefore, this section shall apply to any such personal data collected by SalonFurniture.com.
SalonFurniture.com uses the personal data that you provide to supply you with high-quality products, content and services as you request, to send important notices, and for internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis, and research to provide you with the information you need to make the most informed purchase decisions.
We may also use your personal data to offer you products, content or services that may be of interest to you, based upon your interests or the preferences you shared with us.
The legal basis for processing your personal data is your consent. In certain circumstances we may otherwise process your personal data if SalonFurniture.com has a legitimate interest in doing so and SalonFurniture.com is not infringing any of your rights and freedoms.
When SalonFurniture.com processes your personal data for SalonFurniture.com’s legitimate interests, SalonFurniture.com will consider and balance any potential impact on you and your rights under data protection and any other relevant law. Our legitimate business interests do not override your interests. SalonFurniture.com will not use your personal data in circumstances where your rights and freedoms override our legitimate interests, unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law.
When and How We Share Your Personal Data With Others
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personal data to outside parties.
As Required By Law
Your personal data may be shared when authorized by law or necessary to comply with a valid legal process.
How Long We Keep Your Personal Data
We retain your personal data for the duration of your business relationship with us, and as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active, or as needed to provide you services.
If you wish to cancel your account, or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, contact us at privacy@salonfurniture.com.
Confirming Your Personal Data
This section shall apply to any personal data collected by SalonFurniture.com from EU residents.
To confirm that SalonFurniture.com is processing your personal data, or to access, update or correct the personal data SalonFurniture.com holds about you, or to obtain a copy to reuse for your own purposes, please send an email to: privacy@salonfurniture.com.
Erasing Your Personal Data
This section shall apply to any personal data collected by SalonFurniture.com from EU residents.
If you want your personal data erased, please send an email to: privacy@salonfurniture.com.
To Opt-Out of Marketing Communications
If you want SalonFurniture.com to stop communicating with you for marketing purposes, please send an email to: privacy@salonfurniture.com.
To Restrict Processing of Your Personal Data
If you want to otherwise restrict SalonFurniture.com’s processing of your personal data, please send an email to: privacy@salonfurniture.com.
PayPal
If you choose to use PayPal to finalize and pay for your order, you will provide your credit card number, directly to PayPal. PayPal's privacy policy will apply to the information you provide on the PayPal website.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
CAN-SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
Send you additional information related to your product and/or service.
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CAN-SPAM, we agree to the following:
NOT use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If, at any time, you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and you will be removed from our mailing list.
Contacting Us
If there are questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact our Data Protection Officer using the information below.
Bob Rosenburg
c/o Design X Manufacturing, Inc
83 Spencer Plain Road, Old Saybrook, CT 06475
800-345-2924
privacy@salonfurniture.com
Last Edited on 09-24-2018
Categories
Design Collections Reception Desks Reception Seating Retail Displays Design X Pedicure Spa Chairs and Benches Manicure Tables Shampoo Wash Units Shampoo Cabinets Styling Chairs Styling Stations Barber Chairs Dryer Chairs Dryers & Processors Stools & Task Chairs Visuals & Accessories Sinks Parts Make Up Stations Cabinets & Storage Dispenary Cabinet Sets Spa & Treatment Chairs Kids Equipment X-PRESS Reception Furniture X-PRESS Styling Chairs and Barber Chairs X-PRESS Shampoo Furniture X-PRESS Manicure and Pedicure Furniture X-PRESS Styling Stations X-PRESS Barstools and Seating Clearance Face Shields
LINKS×
Home
Contact Us
Visit Our Showroom
FAQ
Shipping Policies
Privacy Policies
Cookie Policy