http://www.resato.com/en/privacy-policy
Navigation
Skip to Content
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how RESATO INTERNATIONAL B.V. (hereafter RESATO or ‘we’) uses and protects any information that you give RESATO when you use this website. RESATO is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. RESATO may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What are we collecting? To build relationships with our business partners and support businesses in improving their operations, we aim to collect only personal data that is directly related to a person’s job. Request on website, by phone, or other When placing a request through our website or any other channel, we may collect the following information to provide you with quality information: • First name and last name • Job title and company name • Contact information including email address and/or phone number • Geographic information such as postcode, city, country, and IP address • Professional preferences related to our technology (e.g. applications, industry, etc.) • Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers   * Information that is not directly related to your real identity – such as favourite websites or number of uses of a site – is not personal data. *
Cookies, Web Beacons, and other similar technologies As further described in our Cookie Policy, we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, pixels, ad tags and device identifiers) to recognize you and/or your device(s) on, off and across different Services and devices. You can control cookies through your browser settings and other tools. You can also opt-out from similar technologies that track your behaviour on the sites of others for third party advertising.   Your Device and Location When you visit or leave our website, we receive the URL of the site you came from. We also get information about your IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, and/or ISP or your mobile carrier. If you use our website from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location. Most devices allow you to prevent location data from being sent to us and we honour your settings.   How do we collect data? Under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) there are six lawful bases for processing personal data.  These are detailed as follows: - Consent – the individual has given clear consent for you to process their personal data for a specific purpose - Contract – the processing is necessary for a contract you have with the individual, or because they have asked you to take specific steps before entering into a contract - Legal Obligation – the processing is necessary for you to comply with the law (not including contractual obligations) - Vital Interests – the processing is necessary to protect someone’s life - Public Task – the processing is necessary for you to perform a task in the public interest or for your official functions, and the task or function has a clear basis in law - Legitimate Interests – the processing is necessary for your legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party unless there is a good reason to protect the individual’s personal data which overrides those legitimate interests. (This cannot apply if you are a public authority processing data to perform your official tasks.) Further information regarding the lawful basis for processing personal data can be found at ico.org.uk.   We collect your personal data in different ways and follow up with you based on lawful base:
Point of Contact
Method used to gather information
Lawful base
Website
Cookies Submission of webforms
Consent
Phone Calls
Front desk summarizes information and enters it into the CRM and/or forwards it to the correct person
Legitimate interest
Exhibitions
Business cards
Legitimate interest
Email Communication
Direct communication with contact persons at Resato. When communicating with our sales or service department, information regarding your request may be filled into the CRM for contractual and public tasks (e.g. maintain service visit log).
Legitimate interest Contract
Third-party sites
Supplier listing sites may provide us with contact information (e.g. email address, name, company name, job title). We only work with third-party sites that comply with GDPR and provide opt-in information.
Legitimate interest
Legitimate Interest: Legitimate Interest as a lawful base means that we can process your personal information if we have a genuine and legitimate reason and we are not harming any of your rights and interests. We have conducted a legitimate interest assessment (LIA) and kept a record of it, to ensure that we can justify our decision. Therefore, we have identified the relevant legitimate interests:
Advice companies in choosing the suitable high pressure equipment for their business problem Meet and exceed the needs of our target customers by learning from them through feedback
We believe that any individual that contacts Resato through different channels (e.g. website, exhibition, etc.) has an interest in our products and services. At any time can you object to the processing of your personal data based on legitimate interest. To opt-out please see section 4.1.   How do we use your data? We want to help you make quality business decisions. Therefore, we use your data in the following way:
Use
Description
Internal record keeping
Making and sending of quotes Personalized communication Financial information (e.g. VAT number) are kept for legal and quotation reasons
Communication
Phone and Email Communication:
Your contact information (e.g. name, email address, job title, etc.) may be used to contact.
Direct Marketing by Email:
We may send promotional emails about products and other content which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. We do this based on the emails which you have subscribed to. At any time can you object to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing. To opt-out please see section 'Which choices can you make'
Profiling
Professional interests Information about company that can be inferred from thirdparty plug-ins (e.g. company turnover, company size, etc.) Information inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles to infer age, industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; or names to infer gender).
Market Research
Behaviour data (anonymous) to optimize your website experience Survey data can capture contact information to follow up for more details and is used to improve our products, services, and customer experience
Advertising
Professional interest information (e.g. application interest, product data downloaded, etc.) Information from others (e.g. advertising partners, publishers and data aggregators); Information inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles to infer age, industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; or names to infer gender).
Security
Contact you in case of security incidents and to verify correct use of your contact information
Which choices can you make? De-list from direct marketing We value your privacy. Therefore, we provide you with the possibility to unsubscribe from direct marketing activities. If you wish not to obtain future information or newsletters, please contact Resato at privacy@resato.com or unsubscribe at the bottom of the sent newsletters. How long will Resato store my data? Resato will retain your personal information for as long as we consider necessary to enable you to use the website, to provide services to you, to comply with applicable laws (including those regarding document retention), resolve disputes with any parties and otherwise as necessary to allow us to conduct our business. Cookies We also describe the expiry periods for cookies on our website in our Cookie Policy.   Other important information Links to other sites The Resato website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave the site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy policy. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy policy applicable to the website in question. Security of data We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. To prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Resato is responsible for your security and makes use of a data leak procedures. Access to Information and De-Listing If you wish to know which information is stored about you or your business based on your Resato-Internet visits, please contact us at privacy@resato.com. We may email periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, certain offers or other promotions and activities, unless you have instructed us not to. On emails which you receive, you will be able to manage your email preferences. Cross-border data transfer Personal data may be shared with our distributor network which can result in a transfer of data into other countries in which other legislations apply. Contact Information We reserve the right to alter, amend or cancel the privacy policy but will be sensitive to your personal interests when doing so.   For further information please refer to:   RESATO INTERNATIONAL B.V. - MARKETING DEPARTMENT Duitslandlaan 1 9403 DL Assen   Tel: +31 (0) 505 016 877 privacy@resato.com   **If you have a complaint about how we processing your personal data, you can lodge a complaint at the Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens (Dutch) and click on the button ‘TIP ONS’.**