http://www.acnsc.org/privacy.php
Arizona Chapter National Safety Council
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Who we are
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for Arizona Chapter National Safety Council (ACNSC) and our website; www.ACNSC.org.  By using this Site, you consent to the data practices described in this policy.  ACNSC is committed to your privacy and protecting your information.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
We collect certain information automatically each time you visit our Site to customize your experience.  We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily provide us via email or other direct contact from you.  You may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available you initiate on this Site.  This information may include your name, your email or street address and phone number.  We may collect this information when you register to use this Site, create an account on this Site, subscribe to a newsletter and update and/or modify information that is maintained on this Site.  We will not sell or rent your information to anyone.
Cookies
We may also use “cookies”.  A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive.  Among other things, cookies provide a means for websites you visit to keep track of your online patterns and preferences.  A cookie will not allow a website to learn any personally identifiable information that you have not otherwise disclosed.  Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance their experience on our site.  Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.  You have the ability to accept or decline cookies.  Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.  If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of this Site.
Links
This web site may contain links to other sites.  ACNSC may include links to other sites that may be helpful to you; however, links from our Site to another website shall not represent an endorsement by ACNSC.  Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites.  We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Orders
We request information from you on our order form.  To buy or purchase from us, you must provide contact information (like your name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date).  This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders.  If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you.  We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services.  These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information.  We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to reduce the risk of an unauthorized access to personal information.  Whenever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way.  However, although we employ such safeguards, information transmitted on the internet and/or stored on systems connected to the internet is not 100% secure and there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the internet that are beyond our control.  As a result, we cannot ensure, warrant or guarantee the security or integrity of such information.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline.  Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (e.g. billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information.  The computers/servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
How do we use the information we collect?
We use personally identifiable information for the purpose for which it was provided to us.  For example, we may use personally identifiable information that you submit when registering for the Site to establish your online account, to send you newsletters, information that you may be interested in, and/or to contact you directly about products or services that you may have purchased or be interested in.  We may also use personally identifiable information to send you emails about our Site, respond to emails, provide customer support, promotional offers, alerts and other similar matters or general communications.
We may use certain tools or services to keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within our Site, to determine what services our users prefer.  This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within our Site to users whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Do users have a choice as to whether to provide information to us?
You can choose not to provide personally identifiable information to us.  However, if you do not provide such information, you may not be able to access or use certain portions of our Site.  If you receive additional emails from ACNSC, you can always opt out by unsubscribing.
Surveys and Contests
From time-to-time our site may request information via surveys or contests.  Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information.  Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code or age level).  Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes.  Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of our site.
Contact Information
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, please contact us immediately at support@acnsc.org.