http://www.vaneck.com/row/terms-and-conditions/
VANECK
Disclaimers
General Site Use Disclaimers
VanEck makes the information on this website ("site") available as a service to visitors, to be used for informational purposes only.
General Product/Performance Disclaimers
This site is published in Chile for residents of Chile. Nothing on this site should be considered a solicitation to buy or an offer to sell shares of any investment in any jurisdiction where the offer or solicitation would be unlawful under the securities laws of such jurisdiction. Nor is it intended as investment, tax, financial or legal advice. Investors should seek such professional advice for their particular situation.
Important Information for Foreign Investors
Because of the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all local rules with respect to your account and your online conduct, including all laws, rules, codes, and regulations of the country in which you reside and the country from which you access this site, including without limitation, all laws, rules, codes, regulations, decrees, acts, orders, directives, legislation, bills, and statutes pertaining to tax, contracts, intellectual property, securities, e-commerce, banking, technology, computers, fraud, and privacyNothing on this site should be considered a solicitation to buy or an offer to sell shares of the funds in any jurisdiction where the offer or solicitation would be unlawful under the securities laws of such foreign jurisdiction..
Copyright/Trademark/License
VanEck®, VanEck Vectors®, VanEck Access the opportunities®, and the VanEck design® are trademarks of Van Eck Associates Corp.All text and graphics/images contained on this site are subject to copyright and/or trademark protection. VanEck owns or is licensed to use the rights to all brand names, product names, trademarks and service marks except as otherwise noted. No information contained on this site may be reproduced, transmitted, displayed, distributed, published or otherwise used for commercial purposes without the prior consent of VanEck. You may, however, print or electronically store copies of the information for your own personal use.
Links/Virus Warnings
Hypertext links to other Internet sites or materials prepared by third-parties ("links") are included as a convenience for our visitors. VanEck assumes no liability for the content of any linked sites and materials prepared by third-parties, including, without limitation, the accuracy, subject matter, quality or timeliness of the content of such linked sites or materials. The fact that such links have been provided does not constitute an endorsement, authorization, sponsorship by or affiliation with VanEck with respect to any linked site or material or their sponsor or author. There are risks in using any information, software or product accessed on the Internet, and we urge you to make sure you understand these risks before doing so. VanEck is not liable for any harm caused by the transmission, through access of this site, of a computer virus, or other computer code or programming device that might be used to access, delete, damage, disable, disrupt or otherwise impede the operation of the site or of any user's software, hardware, data or property.
Related Links
Investment Strategies
Privacy Policy
Legal Disclaimers
Contact Us
×