http://www.biodermis.com/terms.asp
Login
/
Register
My Account
Intl Orders
Today's Deals
Coupons
Products by Name
Epi-Derm Silicone Gel Sheeting
Single Packs
Multi Packs
Scar Care Packages
Scar Care Packages
Pro-Sil Silicone Scar Stick
Pro-Sil Original
Pro-Sil Sport SPF-15
Kids Pro-Sil
Xeragel Scar Ointment
Dermasof Silk Skin Repair Serum
BIO-luminance Hydration Masque
SilqueClenz & Epi-Tape
Epi-Net Elastic Stretch Net
Epifoam Compression Foam
Mia Breast Forms
Products by Type
Anti-aging
Liposuction
Mastectomy
Mia Breast Forms
Epi-Derm Silicone Sheeting
Scars
Acne
Breast Surgery
C-Section & Tummy Tuck
Mommy Makeover
Face, Hands (exposed areas)
Pediatric
(S) and Mole Removal
(M-L) & Burns
Cleansers, Sanitizer, Accessories
Partners
Physicians & Surgeons
International Distributors
OEM Capabilities
Results
Before & After Cases
Testimonials
Learn
Blog
A Skincare Routine for Cold Weather
Breast Implant Removal and Scar Treatment
Can Stress Affect Your Skin in Negative Ways?
Can You Have Too Much Plastic Surgery?
Can You Prepare for Scarring?
Common Misconceptions about Skincare
Common Questions about Silicone Gel for Scars
Cosmetic Surgery: How to Treat Scars after an Arm Lift
Diabetes-Related Skincare Problems
Does Cold Weather Cause Illness?
Does Tanning Improve the Appearance of Scars?
Dry vs. Dehydrated Skin: What’s the Difference?
Firework Safety and Burn Treatment
Five Daily Habits for Healthy Skin
How Best to Recover After Having a C-section
How Do Stress and Anxiety Affect Our Skin?
How Do You Decide on a Skincare Regimen?
How Does Alcohol Affect Wound Healing and Scarring?
How Does Skin Change as We Age?
How Does Sugar Affect the Skin?
How Does Weight Loss Affect the Skin?
How Hormones Can Affect Skin Health
How Makeup Affects Wound Healing and How to Conceal Scars
How Proper Nutrition Improves Skin Health
How Silicone Helps Scars Heal
How to Best Prepare for Surgery
How to Care for Your Scars After Foot Surgery
How to Cover Your Scars
How to Help Facial Scars Heal
How to Treat and Prevent Scars in Toddlers and Babies
How to Treat Coral Cut Scars
How to Treat Scars After Facial Surgery
How to Treat Scars From Scratching Your Eczema
How to Treat Your Scars After Basal Cell Carcinoma
Ingrown Hairs and How They Affect Your Skin
Is There Anything You Can Do About Old Scars?
Is Yoga Beneficial after a Spinal Fusion Surgery?
Know the Different Types of Scars and How to Treat Them
Learning about Scar Contractures and How to Treat Them
Liposuction and Post-Operative Recovery
PH Levels and Your Skin
Probiotics and Skin Care
Reconstructive vs Cosmetic Plastic Surgery and Scar Care
Rhinoplasty Recovery and Scar Care
Scar Treatment After Cancer Removal Surgery
Scar Treatment for Mohs Surgery Patients
Scar Treatment for New Mothers
Should You Massage Your Scar?
Should You Wait Until After Pregnancy for Breast Implants?
Shoulder Replacement Surgery and Scar Management
Skin Care Routine for the Fall Season
Skin Care Tips and Scar Treatment for People with Dark Skin
Skin Hyperpigmentation and How to Prevent It
Sunlight and Skin Health: the Good and the Bad
The Best Scar Treatment After Hand Surgery
The Best skin Care Tips for Summer Time
The Best Way to Treat Scars on Your Face
The Different Ways Pregnancy Can Change Your Skin
The Importance of Good Hygiene for Skin Health
The Importance of Good Sleep for Healthy Skin
The Importance of Hydration for Wound Healing and Scarring
The Most Common Skincare Concerns
The Most Common Surgeries That Leave Scars
The Most Overrated Skin Care Products Dermatologists Don’t Like
The Role of Proteins and Amino Acids in Skin Health
The Science of Exercise and Skin Health
Treating Facial Scars vs Body Scars
Treating Skin Problems from Wearing Face Masks
Treating Your Scar After Appendix Removal
Understanding Hand Sanitizers for Parents and Kids
Understanding Skin Changes and How to Respond
Understanding the Different Types of Skin Cancer
What are the Best Vitamins to Take for Skin Health?
What Are the Best Ways to Remedy Dry Skin?
What Are the Top Causes of Dry Skin?
What Do the Size and Color of Your Scar Mean?
What Foods You Should and Shouldn’t Eat as a New Mom
What is the Best Way to Help Wounds Heal to Minimize Scarring?
When and How to Treat Your Scars After Surgery
Why Do Scars Change Color?
Why Do Some Parts of the Body Scar More Than Others?
Why Do Wounds Take Longer to Heal as We Age?
Why Smoking is Terrible for Your Skin
Why Some Wounds Heal Differently Than Others
Why Using Lube for Your Scar is a Bad Idea
Why You Shouldn’t Use Snail Mucin for Your Scars
How to Reduce Scarring After Breast Implants
Achieving Your Best Microblading Results with Silicone
How to Treat Keloids and Hypertrophic Scars
Mole Removal Scar Treatment
Scar Treatment for Scoliosis Patients
The Best Scar Treatment Options for Kids
Tilapia Skin and Other Burn Treatment Techniques
Healthy Eating, Stretch Marks and the Holiday Season
How to Tell If Your Wound Is Infected
How to Use Silicone Gel for Scars
Scar Treatment for Cleft Lip Surgery
The Scar Management Side of Tattoo Removal
Thyroid Surgery Scar Care
Understanding Different Types of Wounds
Product FAQ
General Q&A
BIO-luminance
Epi-derm
Epifoam
Epi-Net, Epi-Tape, SilqueClenz
Pro-Sil
Safety Concerns
Keloid & Hypertrophic Scars
Xeragel
Preguntas en Español
Scars 101
Breast Procedures
Mommy Makeovers
Tummy Tuck & C-section
Silicone & Scar Management
Silicone & Hydration
Dow Corning on Silicone
Clinical Evidence
Certifications
Press
Articles & Press Releases
Newsletters
Videos
view your cart
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.Shipping Information
Signature is required on shipments over $250.00
All prices are in US Dollars
Merchandise will be shipped within 48 hours of order via FedEx or USPS. WEEKENDS AND HOLIDAYS DO NOT QUALIFY AS SHIPPING DAYS
Fedex 2nd Day or Overnight orders require a street shipping address
FedEx cannot ship to a post office box
International Ordering Information
Currently this site does not support international orders
For orders placed outside the United States, please email customerservice@biodermis.com or call (702) 260-4466 for ordering information in your country
Returns and ExchangesBiodermis is committed to customer satisfaction with both our products and service. If your shipment is missing items, or contains damaged items:
Contact customer service by phone at 800.322.3729 or by email at customerservice@biodermis.com
Locate your ORDER # so that you have it ready when you call or email us. Your order number can be found in the subject line of your confirmation email, and is also located in the upper right corner of your confirmation email.
Explain the issue to one of our customer service representatives, and we will be pleased to assist you with replacement product(s).
If you need to return or exchange an item:
Contact customer service by phone at 800.322.3729 or by email at returns@biodermis.com
Locate your ORDER # so that you have it ready when you call or email us. Your order number can be found in the subject line of your confirmation email, and is also located in the upper right corner of your confirmation email.
Explain the reason for your return/exchange to one of our customer service representatives, and we will be pleased to provide instructions for completing your transaction.
Biodermis return policy:
Biodermis customer service representative must authorize return prior to return of merchandise.
Merchandise must have all manufacturer’s seals intact, and the unit cartons completely unmarked.
Such units returned within thirty (30) days from date of order are eligible for full credit or replacement.
Products received beyond the thirty (30) days may be subject to restocking and/or repackaging charges.
Products not returned within six months (180 days) from date of purchase are not eligible for credit.
Thank you,Biodermis Customer ServiceADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONSCopyrightThe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Biodermis Corporation. The collective work includes works that are licensed to Biodermis Corporation. Copyright 2016, Biodermis Corporation ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Biodermis Corporation or purchasing Biodermis Corporation products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Biodermis Corporation or to purchase Biodermis Corporation products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by Biodermis Corporation. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.TrademarksAll trademarks, service marks and trade names of Biodermis Corporation used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of Biodermis CorporationWarranty DisclaimerThis site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Biodermis Corporation disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Biodermis Corporation does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Biodermis Corporation does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.Limitation of LiabilityBiodermis Corporation shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if Biodermis Corporation has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.Typographical ErrorsIn the event that a Biodermis Corporation product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Biodermis Corporation reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Biodermis Corporation reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Biodermis Corporation shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.Term; TerminationThese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by Biodermis Corporation without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.NoticeBiodermis Corporation may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to Biodermis Corporation.MiscellaneousYour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of Biodermis Corporation products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Los Angeles County, California. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of Biodermis Corporation products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. Biodermis Corporation's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. Biodermis Corporation may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.Use of SiteHarassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Biodermis Corporation or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.Participation DisclaimerBiodermis Corporation does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, Biodermis Corporation is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, Biodermis Corporation reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Biodermis Corporation in its sole discretion.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Biodermis Corporation, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.Third-Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Biodermis Corporation may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Biodermis Corporation, Biodermis Corporation has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Biodermis Corporation. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Biodermis Corporation seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).