http://www.amtico.com/commercial/privacy/privacy-policy/
Your sample has been added to your basket. You can order up to 6 samples free of charge. Once you have completed your selection, simply click on your Basket to complete your order.
Amtico
Commercial
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Document reference: QSF-MKT.0046 - Rev 2
Introduction
Welcome to the Amtico privacy notice.
Amtico respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy notice will inform you as to how we look after your personal data and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
This privacy notice is provided in a layered format so you can click through to the specific areas set out below. Alternatively you can download a pdf version of the policy here. Please also use the Glossary to understand the meaning of some of the terms used in this privacy notice.
Important information and who we are
The data we collect about you
How is your personal data collected
How we use your personal data
Disclosures of your personal data
International transfers
Data security
Data retention
Your legal rights
Glossary
1. Important information and who we are
Purpose of this privacy notice
This privacy notice aims to give you information on how Amtico collects and processes your personal data, including but not limited to any data you may provide through this website and/or when you sign up to our newsletter, send us electronic communications, purchase or request a product or service or take part in a competition or survey.
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
It is important that you read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
Controller
Amtico is made up of different legal entities, details of which can be found here, which are ultimately owned by Mannington Mills, Inc. This privacy notice is issued on behalf of the European entities within the Amtico Group so when we mention "Amtico", "we", "us" or "our" in this privacy notice, we are referring to the relevant European company in the Amtico Group responsible for processing your data. This privacy notice does not cover any of the Mannington Mills group entities based outside of Europe, which have their own, separate privacy policies. Amtico International Limited is the controller of, and responsible for, this website and your data.
We have appointed data protection officers (each a DPO) who are responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy notice. If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the DPO using the details set out below.
Contact details
Our full contact details are:
The full name of the European Amtico legal entities can be found in section 10:
Our Data Protection Officers full contact details are :
Amtico Holdings Limited (for all European Amtico entities other than Amtico International GmbH):
Martin Stott Head of Programmes and Business System
The Amtico Company Limited, Kingfield Road, Coventry, CV6 5AA
Telephone +44 (0)2476 861400
dpo@amtico.com
Amtico International GmbH, Im Taubental 11, 41468 Neuss. +49 (0) 2131 359160
Dr. Karsten Kinast, LL.M.
KINAST Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH . Hohenzollernring 54, D-50672 Köln,
Telephone: +49 (0)221 – 222 183 – 0
mail@kinast-partner.de or dsb@amtico.com
You have the right to make a complaint at any time. We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the supervisory authority so please contact us in the first instance.
Changes to the privacy notice and your duty to inform us of changes
This version was last updated in October 2018 and historic versions can be obtained by contacting us.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Third-party links
This website may include links to third-party websites. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
2. The data we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth and gender.
Contact Data includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data includes bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased or ordered from us.
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data includes information about how you use our website, products and services.
Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
3. How is your personal data collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions. You may give us your Identity, Contact and Financial Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
apply for, order or purchase our products or services;
create an account with us;
subscribe to our services or publications;
request marketing to be sent to you;
enter a competition, promotion or survey; or
give us some feedback.
Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies. Please see our cookie policy for further details.
Third parties or publicly available sources. We may receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources, including as set out below:
Technical Data from the following parties:
analytics providers such as (but not limited to) Google based outside the EU;
advertising networks such as (but not limited to) Google based inside and/or outside the EU; and
search information providers such as (but not limited to) Bing based inside and/or outside the EU.
Contact, Financial and Transaction Data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services such as (but not limited to) Creditsafe based inside and/or outside the EU.
Identity and Contact Data from data brokers or aggregators such as (but not limited to) PCA Predict based inside and/or outside the EU.
Identity and Contact Data from publicly availably sources such as (but not limited to) Companies House and the Electoral Register based inside the EU.
Identity and Contact Data from retailer partners of ours, such as (but not limited to) John Lewis Partnership and other independent retailers, including in relation to orders you may have placed for our products or product samples.
4. How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Click to find out more about the types of lawful basis that we will rely on to process your personal data.
Generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data, except if you are a residential (i.e. non-business) customer in relation to sending direct marketing communications to you by email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data.
Purpose / Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer
Identity
Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To process and deliver your order including:
Managing payments, fees and charges
Collecting and recovering money owed to us
Identity
Contact
Financial
Transaction
Marketing and Communications
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
Identity
Contact
Profile
Marketing and Communications
Performance of a contract with you to keep our records updated and necessary to comply with a legal obligation
Necessary for our legitimate interests to study how customers use our products/services.
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey
Identity
Contact
Profile
Usage
Marketing and Communications
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business)
Amtico International GmbH: The legal basis for sending documents as a result of the purchase of goods is § 7 para 3 UWG.
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
Identity
Contact
Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
Identity
Contact
Profile
Usage
Marketing and Communications
Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
Technical
Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
Identity
Contact
Technical
Usage
Profile
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising: You may update your marketing preferences via the website or via dpo@amtico.com or dsb@amtico.com
Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).
You may receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us or if you provided us with your details when you entered a competition or registered for a promotion or survey and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
Third-party marketing
We will never share your details with third parties for their marketing purposes.
Opting out
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by contacting us through the form on our website or by emailing us at dpo@amtico.com or dsb@amtico.com
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, warranty registration, product/service experience or other transactions.
Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our cookie policy.
Change of purpose
Plug-Ins
Our website contains social plug-ins of the social networks "Facebook"( Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, California 94304, USA), “Google +” (Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA), "Twitter" (Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, California 94103, USA), “Instagram” (Instagram LLC., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA), “YouTube” (YouTube LLC., 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA) and “Pinterest” (Pinterest Inc., 808 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA) . It is possible that personal data about visitors to the website may also be collected via these plug-ins, transmitted to the respective service and linked to the respective service of the visitor.
Amtico Holdings Ltd does not collect any personal data via the social plug-ins. In order to prevent data from being transferred to service providers in the USA without the user's knowledge, we have used the so-called Shariff solution on our website. This has the effect that the respective social plug-ins are initially only integrated as graphics on the website. These graphics contain a link to the website of the corresponding provider of the plug-in. Only when you click on one of the graphics, you will be forwarded to the service of the respective provider. This solution ensures that personal data are not automatically forwarded to the providers of the respective social plug-ins when you visit our website. If you click on one of the graphics of the social plug-ins, data can be transferred to the respective service provider and stored there. If you do not click on any of the graphics, no data transfer takes place between you and the respective provider of the social plug-in.
After clicking on a social plug-in, the respective service provider receives information that you have visited the corresponding page of our online offer. Please note that you do not need to have a user account with the service in question, nor are you already logged in there. However, if you already have a user account with the relevant service provider and are already logged in to this account while visiting our website, the data collected by the social plug-in will be assigned directly to your account. If you do not wish to be assigned to your profile with the service provider, you must log out of your user account before clicking on one of the social plug-ins.
Please note that Amtico Holdings Ltd has no influence on whether and to what extent the respective service providers collect personal data. We are not aware of the scope, purpose and storage periods of the respective data collection. However, we would like to point out that it must be assumed that at least the IP address and device-related information is used and recorded via social plug-ins. It is also possible that the respective service providers use cookies.
The scope and purpose of the data collection by the respective service as well as the further processing and use of your data there can be found in the data protection information directly from the website of the respective service. There you will also receive further information about your corresponding data protection rights and setting options for the protection of your privacy:
Facebook Inc., 1601 S California Ave, Palo Alto, California 94304, USA https://en-gb.facebook.com/policy.php
Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/?hl=de
Twitter Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, California 94103, USA https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/update-privacy-policy
Instagram LLC., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875?helpref=page_content
YouTube LLC., 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=de
Pinterest Inc., 808 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA https://about.pinterest.com/de/privacy-policy
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
5.Disclosures of your personal data
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 4 above.
Internal Third Parties as set out in the Glossary.
External Third Parties as set out in the Glossary.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
6. International transfers
We share your personal data within the Amtico Group and within the wider Mannington Mills group which owns the Amtico Group. This may involve transferring your data outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
Some of our External Third Parties are based outside the European Economic Area (EEA) so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission. For further details, see European Commission: Adequacy of the protection of personal data in non-EU countries; or
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe. For further details, see European Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries; or
Where we use providers based in the US we may transfer data to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between the Europe and the US. Equally, when we transfer your personal data to the Mannington Mills group entities in the US (which own the Amtico Group) we will do so under Privacy Shield (which Mannington Mills is part of). For further details, see European Commission: EU-US Privacy Shield.
Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA.
7. Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
8. Data retention
How long will you use my personal data for?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Details of retention periods for different aspects of your personal data are available in our retention policy which you can request from us by contacting us.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see Request erasure below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
9. Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. Please click on the links below to find out more about these rights:
Request access to your personal data.
Request correction of your personal data.
Request erasure of your personal data.
Object to processing of your personal data.
Request restriction of processing your personal data.
Request transfer of your personal data.
Right to withdraw consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us.
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Glossary
LAWFUL BASIS
Legitimate Interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us.
Performance of Contract means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.
THIRD PARTIES
Internal Third Parties
Other companies in the Amtico Group and/or the Mannington Mills group, acting as joint controllers or processors and who are based Germany, Sweden, France, Hong Kong and the US.
External Third Parties
Service providers acting as processors based in within and outside the EEA who provide IT and system administration services.
Logistics providers who we use to deliver our products or product samples.
Professional advisers acting as processors or joint controllers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in the EEA and the USA who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities acting as processors or joint controllers based in the United Kingdom, the EEA and the USA who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
Credit agencies who we use to assess risk and prevent fraud.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
You have the right to:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data's accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
To lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority: You can contact the supervisory authority of your habitual residence, place of work or our company headquarters.
AMTICO GROUP LEGAL ENTITIES
Name of undertaking
Registered office
Maneto (UK) 2 Limited
Kingfield Road, Coventry, CV6 5AA
Amtico Holdings Limited
Kingfield Road, Coventry, CV6 5AA
The Amtico Company Limited
Kingfield Road, Coventry, CV6 5AA
Amtico International Pty
4 Narrun Crescent, Telopea, NSW 2117, Australia
Amtico International Limited
Kingfield Road, Coventry, CV6 5AA
Amtico International GmbH
Im Taubental 11, 41468 Neuss, Germany
Amtico International SAS
12, Rue Pemelle, 75004, Paris, France
Amtico International AB
Isafjordsgatan 22, 164 40, Kista, Sweden
Amtico International Hong Kong Limited
Unit 1907, 19/F, Paul Y Centre, 51 Hung To Road, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong
The Amtico Company Pension Trustee Limited
Kingfield Road, Coventry, CV6 5AA