https://www.countryfinancial.com/en/privacy-and-security.html
Privacy and Security
Privacy & SecurityPrivacy and security policy
Our commitment to protecting your privacy
At COUNTRY Financial®1, your privacy has always been important to us. We understand how important your privacy is to you, and we believe protecting your confidential information is a fundamental part of doing business. That’s why at COUNTRY we take steps to ensure:
We will restrict our employees' access to your information to only those who need to know information to provide products or services to you and for other reasons permitted by law.
Reasonable and appropriate safeguards are employed to protect your confidential information.
We will only share your information with non-affiliated third parties for marketing products that might be of interest to you, if you have not opted out of such sharing.
Read our full Privacy and Security Policy
Client security awareness
What COUNTRY Financial® does to secure your personal information
COUNTRY Financial is committed to providing you with a secure online experience.  We take measures to help protect our clients, employees and representatives from identity theft and online fraud.  We have implemented multiple layers of technology supported by security processes and frequent security assessments.
Read our full Client Security Awareness Policy
Customer privacy notice
Our commitment to protecting your privacy
Read our full Customer Privacy Notice
HIPAA privacy policy
This notice describes how medical information about you may be used and disclosed and how you can get access to this information. Please review it carefully.
Read our full HIPAA Privacy Policy
COUNTRY® Capital Management Company
COUNTRY Capital Management Company is a registered broker dealer offering securities products including mutual funds, variable annuities, variable life insurance, and 529 College Savings Plans.
Read our full Customer Relationship Summary and Investor Handbook
1This Privacy Statement covers the following companies: COUNTRY Mutual Insurance Company®, COUNTRY Casualty Insurance Company®, COUNTRY Preferred Insurance Company®, COUNTRY Life Insurance Company®, COUNTRY Investors Life Assurance Company®, COUNTRY® Capital Management Company, COUNTRY Trust Bank®, Cotton States Life Insurance CompanySM, and CC Services, Inc. 101071-04-201212