http://www.teucu.com/privacy-statement/
Privacy StatementThe The Energy Credit Union Limited (TECU) is committed to ensuring your privacy and protecting your personal information. We maintain a privacy policy and procedures to ensure the confidential handling of your personal information. This summary statement of our privacy policy has been developed to identify the ways in which we ensure that your privacy and the confidentiality of your personal information is protected throughout our business whether provided in-branch, over the Internet or on the telephone. In order to protect all personal information collected, used or disclosed by TECU, we have adopted the Code for the Protection of Personal Information (the Code).The code consists of ten inter-related privacy principles as specified in the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPED).The Ten Inter-Related Privacy PrinciplesPrinciple 1 - AccountabilityTECU is responsible for personal information under its control and shall designate a Privacy Officer who is accountable for the Credit Union’s compliance with the principles of the Code.Principle 2 - Identifying PurposesThe purposes for which personal information is collected shall be identified by the Credit Union at or before the time the information is collected.Principle 3 - ConsentThe knowledge and consent of the member are required for the collection, use and disclosure of personal information, except in specific circumstances as described within this code.Principle 4 - Limiting CollectionThe collection of personal information shall be limited to that which is necessary for the purposes identified by TECU. Information shall be collected by fair and lawful means.Principle 5 - Limiting Use, Disclosure and RetentionPersonal information shall not be used or disclosed for purposes other than those for which it was collected, except with the consent of the member or as required by law. Personal information shall be retained only as long as necessary for the fulfilment of those purposes.Principle 6 - AccuracyPersonal information shall be as accurate, complete, and as up-to-date as is necessary for the purposes for which it is to be used.Principle 7 - SafeguardsPersonal information shall be protected by security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information. TECU will apply the same standard of care as it applies to safeguard its own confidential information of a similar nature.Principle 8 - OpennessTECU shall make readily available to members specific, understandable, information about its policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.Principle 9 - Individual AccessUpon request, a member shall be informed of the existence, use, and disclosure of their personal information, and shall be given access to that information. A member is entitled to question the accuracy and completeness of the information and have it amended as appropriate on proof of inaccuracy.Principle 10 - Challenging ComplianceA member shall be able to question compliance with the above principles to the Privacy Officer accountable for the Credit Union’s compliance. TECU shall have policies and procedures to respond to member’s questions and concerns.The The Energy Credit Union Limited (TECU) is committed to ensuring your privacy and protecting your personal information. We maintain a privacy policy and procedures to ensure the confidential handling of your personal information. This summary statement of our privacy policy has been developed to identify the ways in which we ensure that your privacy and the confidentiality of your personal information is protected throughout our business whether provided in-branch, over the Internet or on the telephone. In order to protect all personal information collected, used or disclosed by TECU, we have adopted the Code for the Protection of Personal Information (the Code).The code consists of ten inter-related privacy principles as specified in the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPED).You can visit all public areas of our site without providing any personal information about yourself. Our Web site collects only non-personal information based on a visitor’s Internet Protocol (IP) address (this is not personally identifiable). Information collected includes the date and time of visit, the type of Internet browser used to access the site, the referring address (the link a visitor uses to access the site). This data is used to create statistics on site usage and improve online services.On our web site, we only collect personal information required to improve the services we offer, to improve our site content and, with your permission, to contact you with information about our services. We will not share any personal information obtained on this web site with any other organization without your express knowledge and consent.CookiesA “cookie” is a small text file that is created and automatically installed on your hard-drive when you enter the Web site. The information in a cookie identifies your browser but it cannot be used to disclose your individual identity and is specific to your computer. Some sites will place a cookieon your system to save your password so you don’t have re-enter it to identify yourself each time you visit the site. If you use the browser’s option of saving your password, it will be saved in a cookie. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can set your browsers to refuse cookies although some functionality may be lost.E-mailYour name and e-mail address are used for the purpose of responding to your enquiry or comment. Your e-mail address may also be used to send you information about TECU products or services that we believe may be of interest to you. You may advise us at any time, if you do not want to be contacted with product or service information via this form of communication. We do not sell or knowingly disclose your e-mail address to third parties under any circumstances. Despite our use of security software, we strongly recommend that you use caution and do not send personal or confidential information to us via e-mail. This form of correspondence is not encrypted and is therefore not secure. We therefore disclaim any and all responsibility for safeguarding e-mail communication from third party interception.Links to third party sitesFor you convenience, our web site contains links to other web sites that may or may not be affiliated with TECU. When you leave our site to visit one of these other sites, the only information transferred to the new site is the fact that you came from the TECU web site (the referring address). Transmission of this referring address allows other sites to monitor their own web traffic, but does not disclose any personal information about you. Because some of the sites may not have a business relationship with or be affiliated with The Credit Union, TECU has no control over the operation or content of these sites and therefore does not take any responsibility for their privacy practices. We encourage you to review their privacy policies to learn more about how they collect, use, and share your personal information.Banking on-line and Telephone BankingEvery effort is made, through the use of industry recognized security standards, to continually protect personal information from misuse and alteration. Central1  MemberDirect provides On-Line Banking, provides Telephone Banking & Remote Deposit Capture (RDC). We encourage you to refer to their privacy policy for further information regarding the protection of your personal information.The Energy CU uses reCAPTCHA on its online banking login and for the delivery of services to you. Your use of reCAPTCHA is subject to the Google Privacy Policyand Terms of Service.”To protect your privacy, there are also precautions that you can take:Similar to other passwords that provide the user with access to financial information, it is your responsibility to protect your on-line and telephone banking identification.Regularly change your on-line and telephone banking identification.Install and frequently update anti-virus software on your PC.Never leave your computer or telephone unattended when using the online banking or telephone banking service.Don’t forget to terminate your on-line banking or telephone banking session when you have completed your banking.Consider clearing your browser’s cache at the end of every on-line banking session to prevent others from viewing the files stored on your PC. This may be accomplished through the browser itself of by deleting items in the Temporary Internet Files Folder.Contact a TECU representative at 416-238-5606 if you suspect that there has been unauthorized access to your accounts.Employee and Director Code of EthicsOn an annual basis and upon employment or election, every employee and Director of TECU is required to sign a Statement of Ethical Contact. The Statement of Ethical Conduct reinforces our commitment to ensure the confidential control of business and personal information.Contact usYour privacy and security concerns are important to us and we maintain a privacy policy and procedures that reinforce our commitment to you. We trust that you have found this statement informative. Please telephone us at 416-238-5606 or e-mail us at mail@theenergycu.com if you require more detailed information or have any further questions or concerns. Or, if you prefer, contact us in writing at:Privacy OfficerThe Energy Credit Union212- 305 Milner Avenue, Toronto ON  M1B 3V4Changes to this StatementTECU reserves the right to amend its Internet Privacy Statement and its Privacy Code at any
time with or without notice. Please check this page periodically for changes.Contact UsWe take our member relationships very seriously, if you have a member concern please contact us.
Please note, extended hours of operation can be available upon request. Please contact us to make arrangements.—Diane Kocet, Chief Executive Officer- dkocet@theenergycu.comDahlia Billingsley, Operations Manager/Compliance, Member Experience and Security Officer – dbillingsley@theenergycu.comMark McDonald, Business Development / Health and Safety Manager – mmcdonald@theenergycu.comLeonard Hon, Finance Manager – lhon@theenergycu.comMarylyn (Beth) Wallace, Payments Solutions & Audit Coordinator – bwallace@theenergycu.comNicole Lake, Marketing / Member Relations Coordinator / Privacy and Anti-Spam Officer – nlake@theenergycu.comCori Andrade, Financial Services Officer – candrade@theenergycu.comStacie Matthews,Financial Services Coordinator – Lending – smatthews@theenergycu.comAvanti Dhamale, Financial Services Coordinator – Finance, Deputy Compliance Officer – adhamale@theenergycu.comJudith Ward, Member Services Representative – msr@theenergycu.comCarmen Guarrasi, Wealth, Estates & Operations Officer, Deputy Privacy Officer – cguarrasi@theenergycu.comMarcia Ritchie, Financial Services Officer – mritchie@theenergycu.comMember Service Professional – msr@theenergycu.comMiriam Rivera, Member Services Representative – mrivera@theenergycu.comInformationFor lost or stolen ATM/Debit CardsMonday to Friday from 8am to 8pm – Please call our offices at 416-238-5606.After hours please email us at lostcard@theenergycu.com and we will reply as soon as possible.The Energy Credit Union Limited is a credit union that is regulated in the province of Ontario through a comprehensive regulatory framework which involves the Ministry of Finance, the Financial Services Commission of Ontario (FSCO) and the Financial Services Regulatory Authority (FSRA), formerly the Deposit Insurance Corporation of Ontario (DICO). Member deposits are automatically insured up to a $250,000 limit (unlimited for deposits in registered plans) by FSRA. Premiums are paid to FSRA by The Energy Credit Union; FSRA insures most—but not all—types of deposits. See FSRA’s website for more information about deposit insurance. You can also view their brochure here.The Energy Credit Union serves active and retired employees of Toronto Hydro Corporation, Signals, Electrical, Communications (SEC) of
the Toronto Transit Commission, Gerdau, as well as individuals employed by any municipality as defined in the Municipal Act, 2001, individuals employed in any health care facility operating in the Province of Ontario and related persons or affiliated entities of the aforementioned.Site Map |
Legal |
PrivacyStart typing and press Enter to search