http://www.tidy.com/terms/
Many cleanings happening with additional safety measures during COVID-19. Learn more.Informal Negotiations. To expedite resolution and reduce the cost of any dispute, controversy or claim related to this Agreement ("Dispute"), you and TIDY agree to first attempt to negotiate any Dispute (except those Disputes expressly excluded below) informally for at least thirty (30) days before initiating any arbitration or court proceeding. Such informal negotiations will commence upon written notice. Your address for such notices is your billing address, with an email copy to the email address you have provided to TIDY. TIDY's address for such notices is Tidy Services, Inc. 2093 Philadelphia Pike #1446 Claymont, DE 19703, United States Binding Arbitration. If you and TIDY are unable to resolve a Dispute through informal negotiations, either you or TIDY may elect to have the Dispute (except those Disputes expressly excluded below) finally and exclusively resolved by binding arbitration. Any election to arbitrate by one party will be final and binding on the other. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT IF EITHER PARTY ELECTS TO ARBITRATE, NEITHER PARTY WILL HAVE THE RIGHT TO SUE IN COURT OR HAVE A JURY TRIAL. The arbitration will be commenced and conducted under the Commercial Arbitration Rules (the "AAA Rules") of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") and, where appropriate, the AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes ("AAA Consumer Rules"), both of which are available at the AAA website www.adr.org. Your arbitration fees and your share of arbitrator compensation will be governed by the AAA Rules (and, where appropriate, limited by the AAA Consumer Rules). If such costs are determined by the arbitrator to be excessive, TIDY will pay all arbitration fees and expenses. The arbitration may be conducted in person, through the submission of documents, by phone or online. The arbitrator will make a decision in writing, but need not provide a statement of reasons unless requested by a party. The arbitrator must follow applicable law, and any award may be challenged if the arbitrator fails to do so. The governing law shall be the State of California, and arbitration shall be held in the County of Orange.Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, you and TIDY may litigate in court to compel arbitration, stay proceeding pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator.Exceptions to Alternative Dispute Resolution. You and TIDY agree that the following Disputes are not subject to the above provisions concerning informal negotiations and binding arbitration: (a) any Disputes seeking to enforce or protect, or concerning the validity of, any of your or TIDY's intellectual property rights; (b) any Dispute related to, or arising from, allegations of theft, piracy, invasion of privacy or unauthorized use; and (c) any claim for injunctive relief.Restrictions. You and TIDY agree that any arbitration will be limited to the Dispute between TIDY and you individually. To the full extent permitted by law, (a) no arbitration will be joined with any other; (b) there is no right or authority for any Dispute to be arbitrated on a class-action basis or to utilize class action procedures; and (c) there is no right or authority for any Dispute to be brought in a purported representative capacity on behalf of the general public or any other persons.Location. Arbitration will take place at any reasonable location within the United States convenient for you.Severability. You and TIDY agree that if any portion of this section entitled "Dispute Resolution and Governing Law" is found illegal or unenforceable, that portion will be severed and the remainder of the section will be given full force and effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the subsection entitled "Exceptions to Alternative Dispute Resolution" is found to be illegal or unenforceable, neither you nor TIDY will elect to arbitrate any Dispute falling within that portion of that subsection that is found to be illegal or unenforceable and such Dispute will be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction and you and TIDY agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court.Special PromotionsTIDY may from time to time provide certain promotional opportunities to TIDY Service Requests All promotions will be run at the sole discretion of TIDY, Inc., and can be activated, modified or removed at anytime by TIDY without advance notification. In the event that you are given a code by or on behalf of TIDY through which you may refer a friend to TIDY in exchange for a referral credit, you shall not use any online marketing or advertising to promote such code or to artificially increase the amount of credits awarded. By way of example, you may not post, or cause, request or permit a third party to post any such code on a coupon website, nor use any paid search marketing, online advertising, forum posting, newsgroup posting or bulk email to disseminate such code. You may only share such code with your personal friends and acquaintances for legitimate referral purposes, as determined by TIDY in its sole discretion. Without limiting TIDY's other rights and remedies, TIDY may terminate such code and/or your account for any breach of this Section.No AgencyNo independent contractor, agency, partnership, joint venture, employer-employee or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created by this Agreement.General ProvisionsFailure by TIDY to enforce any provision(s) of this User Agreement will not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and TIDY with respect to its subject matter. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions will be enforced to the fullest extent possible, and the remaining provisions will remain in full force and effect. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of TIDY, its successors and assigns.Changes to this Agreement and the ServiceTIDY reserves the right, at its sole and absolute discretion, to change, modify, add to, supplement or delete any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including the Privacy Policy) at any time, effective with or without prior notice. If any future changes to this Agreement are unacceptable to you or cause you to no longer be in compliance with this Agreement, you must terminate, and immediately stop using, the Service. Your continued use of the Service following any revision to this Agreement constitutes your complete and irrevocable acceptance of any and all such changes. TIDY may change, modify, suspend, or discontinue any aspect of the Service at any time. TIDY may also impose limits on certain features or restrict your access to parts or all of the Service without notice or liability.I HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT I HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THE FOREGOING TERMS OF USE AND THE TIDY PRIVACY POLICY AND AGREE THAT MY USE OF THE SERVICE IS AN ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF MY AGREEMENT TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.Privacy PolicyLast updated: June 1, 2014Our PolicyWelcome to the web site (the "Site") of Tidy Services, Inc. (doing business as TIDY). This Site is operated by TIDY and has been created to provide information about our company and the TIDY house cleaning services, whether accessible to you via web, mobile app or other platform (our services, together with the Site, are the "Services") by visitors and users of the Services ("you" and/or "your").This Privacy Policy sets out TIDY's policy with respect to information, including in particular information which identifies you personally (known as 'personally identifiable information' in the USA or 'personal data' in the European Union, which together we'll call "Personal Data")) and other information that is collected from visitors and users of the Services.Please read this privacy policy carefully so that you understand how we will treat your information.  By using any of our Services, you confirm that you have read, understood and agree to this privacy policy.  If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use any of the Services.  If you have any queries, please email us at concierge@tidy.comWho we are:We are Tidy Services, Inc (doing business as TIDY), a Delaware corporation with our mailing address at 2093 Philadelphia Pike #1446 Claymont, DE 19703, United States.We will refer to these companies together as "TIDY", "we", "us" and/or "our".Information We Collect:When you interact with us through the Services, we may collect Personal Data and other information from you, as further described below:Call and Text Information. We work with a third party partner to facilitate phone calls and text messages between parties on the platform. We receive information about these communications including the date and time of the call or SMS message, the parties’ phone numbers, and the content of any SMS messages. For security purposes, we may also monitor and/or record the contents of phone calls made on the Tidy Platform, such as those between Clients and Homekeepers. By making or accepting any call on the Tidy platform, you agree to allow Tidy to monitor and/or record your call.Location information: (1) sources: you (either directly or through a Third Party Service), collected by the Services, business partners and service providers; and (2) third parties: business partners, service providers and payment processors.Internet or other network or device activity: (1) sources: you (either directly or through a Third Party Service), collected by the Services, business partners, service providers and payment processors; and (2) third parties: business partners, service providers and payment processors.Financial data: (1) sources: you (either directly or through a Third Party Service), business partners and payment processors; and (2) third parties: business partners, service providers and payment processors.Sensory information or photos: (1) sources: you (either directly or through a Third Party Service) and service providers; and (2) third parties: business partners, service providers and payment processors.Personal Data That You Provide Through the Services: We collect Personal Data from you when you voluntarily provide such information, such as when you contact us with inquiries, respond to one of our surveys, register for access to the Services or use certain Services, which typically includes your: (i) name; (ii) telephone number; (iii) email address; (iv) home address; (v) information about your home which you give us; (v) your payment details; (iv) your IP address; and (vi) any other personal information which you give us in connection with the Services.Wherever TIDY collects Personal Data we make an effort to provide a link to this Privacy Policy.By voluntarily providing us with Personal Data, you are consenting to our use of it in connection with the Services and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.Non-Identifiable Data: When you interact with TIDY through the Services, we receive and store certain information which does not identify you personally (referred to as personally non-identifiable information in the USA and non-personal data in the European Union).  Such information is collected passively using various technologies.  This includes:      i.         Technical or other details about any device which you use to access the Services, including: Internet and/or network connection; your Media Access Control (MAC); any device Unique Device Identifier (UDID) or equivalent; your operating system, browser type or other software; your hardware or mobile device details (including your mobile device type and number and mobile carrier details), if applicable; or other technical details.  This is technical data about our users and their actions and patterns, which we do not believe identifies any individual;     ii.         Details of your use of our Services including, but not limited to: metrics information about when and how you use the Services; traffic data; and your geographical location data.TIDY may store such information itself or such information may be included in databases owned and maintained by TIDY's affiliates, agents or service providers. The Services may use such information and pool it with other information on an anonym and generalized basis to track, for example, the total number of users of our Services, the number of visitors to each page of our Site and the domain names of our visitors' Internet service providers. It is important to note that no Personal Data is available or used in this process.Use of cookies:In operating the Services, we may use a technology called "cookies." Please see our cookie policy http://www.tidy.com/cookies for further information about our use of cookies. Our Use of Your Personal Data and Other Information:By providing us with the information about you discussed above, you consent for us and our subsidiaries and affiliates (the "TIDY Related Companies to use that information in the following ways:(1) to implement and monitor any bookings which you make using our Services; (2) to share your Personal Data with TIDY professionals in order to carry out your bookings booked using our Services; (3) to ensure that content from our Services is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer or other device from which you access the Services; (4) to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you; (5) to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts between you and us; (6) to allow you to participate in interactive features of our Services, when you choose to do so; (7) to notify you about changes to our Services; (8) to improve or modify the Services, for example based on how you use our Services; (9) to calculate conversion rates and other elements of Services' performance; (10) for marketing purposes (which we discuss further below); (11) customizing the Services; (12) providing customer support; and (13) other business purposes about which we may notify you from time to time.>.Our Disclosure of Your Personal Data and Other Information:TIDY is not in the business of selling your information. We consider this information to be a vital part of our relationship with you. There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may share your Personal Data with certain third parties, as set out below:Cleaning Services: We will share your Personal Data with cleaning service providers as necessary for them to provide their cleaning services to you.Business Transfers: As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personal Data may be part of the transferred assets.Related Companies: We may also share your Personal Data with the TIDY Related Companies  if we need to do so to fullfil this Privacy Policy.Agents, Consultants and Related Third Parties: TIDY, like many businesses, sometimes hires other companies to perform certain business-related functions. Examples of such functions include mailing information, maintaining databases and processing payments. When we employ another company to perform a function of this nature, we only provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function and under the same standards and protections as in this privacy policy.Legal Requirements: TIDY may disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of TIDY, (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Services or the public, or (iv) protect against legal liability.Aggregated Personal Data: In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of the Services, TIDY conducts research on its user demographics, interests and behavior based on the Personal Data and other information provided to us. This research will be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, and TIDY may share this aggregate data with its affiliates, agents and business partners. This aggregate information does not identify you personally. TIDY may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our Services to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes in fulfillment of this privacy policy.Marketing and advertising: TIDY and its affiliates may use Personal Data to contact you in the future to tell you about services we believe will be of interest to you. If we do so, each communication we send you will contain instructions permitting you to "opt-out" of receiving future communications. In addition, if at any time you wish not to receive any future communications or you wish to have your name deleted from our mailing lists, please contact us as indicated below.We do not disclose personal information about identifiable individuals to advertisers, but we may provide them with aggregate and/or anonym information about our users to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target. We may make use of the information we have collected from you to enable us to comply with our advertisers' wishes by displaying their advertisement to that target audience.Your Choices:You can visit the Services without providing any Personal Data. If you choose not to provide any Personal Data, you may not be able to use certain TIDY Services.Where and how we store your personal information:The information that we collect from you will be held in servers in the USA.  By submitting your personal information, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.Unsolicited information and public forums:Please be aware that we do not accept unsolicited Personal Data unconnected with the Services and we will delete it as soon as we become aware you have sent us any such Personal Data (unless we are required to keep that Personal Data under this Privacy Policy).You are responsible for any public publishing of information including Personal Data (for example on a discussion forum).  Please remember that this may mean third parties gaining access to that information, for which you will be responsible.Children:TIDY does not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please do not submit any Personal Data through the Services. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Data on the Services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 18 has provided Personal Data to TIDY through the Services, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.Links to Other Web Sites:This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services. The Services may contain links to other web sites not operated or controlled by TIDY (the "Third Party Sites"). The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Sites. The links from the Services do not imply that TIDY endorses or has reviewed the Third Party Sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies.Security:TIDY takes reasonable steps to protect the Personal Data provided via the Services from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free; any transmission is at your own risk. In particular, e-mail sent to or from the Services may not be secure. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Data to TIDY via the Internet. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.Registered TIDY users will have an account name and password which enables you to access certain parts of our Services.  You  are responsible for keeping them confidential. Please don't share them with anyone.Other Terms and Conditions:Your access to and use of the Services is also subject to the Terms of Use at www.tidy.com/terms.Changes to TIDY's Privacy Policy:The Services and our business may change from time to time. As a result, at times it may be necessary for TIDY to make changes to this Privacy Policy. Therefore, we may update this privacy policy from time to time (for example, to reflect changes in our business or the law).  Any changes we may make will be posted on this page and we will highlight to you any material changes which we make.  This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of the Services after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the revised terms.Access to Information; Contacting TIDY:To keep your Personal Data accurate, current, and complete, please contact us as specified below. We will take reasonable steps to update or correct Personal Data in our possession that you have previously submitted via the Services.Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about TIDY’s Privacy Policy or the information practices of the Services.You may contact us as follows: concierge@tidy.comNotice for California Residents - California Consumer Act Privacy Notice (“CCPA Notice”) and privacy rightsUnder California law, California residents who have an established business relationship with us may choose to opt out of disclosure of personal information about them to third parties for direct marketing purposes. If you choose to opt-out at any time after granting approval, email concierge@tidy.com with CA PRIVACY REQUEST in the subject.If you are a California resident, you may ask for a list of third parties that have received your information for direct marketing purposes during the previous calendar year. If we have shared your information, this list will contain the types of information shared, and we will provide this list at no cost. To get this list, email concierge@tidy.com with CA PRIVACY REQUEST in the subject.This California Consumer Act Privacy Notice (“CCPA Notice”) applies to “Consumers” as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). For the purpose of this CCPA Notice, personal information applies to “Personal Information” as defined by the CCPA (also referred to herein as “CA PI”).We collect and share the categories of CA PI set forth in the Privacy Policy from the sources set forth the Privacy Policy. In addition, we may collect, use and disclose your CA PI as required or permitted by applicable law, or as directed by you, in accordance with this Privacy Policy.We do not sell your personal information, as that term is defined based on our understanding of the CCPA and its implementing regulations. We have not sold any personal information to third parties for a business or commercial purpose in the 12 months prior to the effective date of this Privacy Policy. We will treat personal information we collect from you as subject to a do not sell request.As a “Consumer”, you can make requests of service providers that includes sharing your information with them, you can choose not to use these features. When making a request for a new service provider, the service providers do not see any personal information in your request other than that there is a request for a length, time, and in the zip code a request was made. If you do not want such a request made, please be sure to only send requests to select service providers on the platform, and be sure to disable substitutes to ensure that no other provider will be contacted. When sending a request explicitly to a Service Provider, they will see your personal details. We do not charge for the sharing of information, but we do take fees as a part of Service Providers actually providing services to Customers on the TIDY platform (such as payment processing fees).You can exercise control over browser-based cookies (including third party cookies and tracking devices) by adjusting the settings on your browser. We do not represent that these third-party tools, programs or statements are complete or accurate.Some browsers have signals that may be characterized as do not track signals, but we do not understand them to operate in that manner or to indicate a do not sell expression by you so we currently do not recognize these as a do not sell request. We understand that various parties are developing do not sell signals and we may recognize certain such signals if we conclude such a program is appropriate.California Consumers have the right to exercise the privacy rights under the CCPA. California Consumers may exercise these rights via an authorized agent who meets the agency requirements of the CCPA. Any request you submit to us is subject to an identification and residency verification process (“Verifiable Consumer Request”). We will not fulfill your CCPA request unless you have provided sufficient information for us to reasonably verify you are the Consumer about whom we collected CA PI. Please follow the instructions below and respond to any follow up inquiries we may make.Some personal information we maintain about Consumers is not sufficiently associated with enough personal information about the Consumer for us to be able to verify that it is a particular Consumer’s personal information (e.g., click stream data tied only to a pseudonymous browser ID). As required by the CCPA, we do not include that personal information in response to Verifiable Consumer Requests. If we cannot comply with a request, we will explain the reasons in our response.We will make commercially reasonable efforts to identify Consumer CA PI that we collect, process, store, disclose, and otherwise use and to respond to your California Consumer privacy rights requests. We will typically not charge a fee to fully respond to your requests, but we may charge a reasonable fee, or refuse to act upon a request, if your request is excessive, repetitive, unfounded, or overly burdensome.To make a request according to your right to request deletion of your CA PI set forth below, you may send a request by email (including the email address that you have used to transact with TIDY) to conciege@tidy.com with the CCPA REQUEST in the subject or completing this form http://gotidy.wufoo.com/forms/r12efwxb0twblvi/.No more than twice in a twelve-month period, you have the right to request information for the period that is twelve months prior to the request date. Send the request by emailing (including the email address that you have used to transact with TIDY) to conciege@tidy.com with the CCPA REQUEST in the subject or completing this form http://gotidy.wufoo.com/forms/r12efwxb0twblvi/. The items you can request include: (1) The categories of CA PI we have collected about you; (2) The categories of sources from which we collected your CA PI; (3) The business or commercial purposes for our collecting or selling your CA PI; (4) The categories of third parties to whom we have shared your CA PI; (5) The specific pieces of CA PI we have collected about you; (6) A list of the categories of CA PI disclosed for a business purpose in the prior 12 months, or that no disclosure occurred; (7) A list of the categories of CA PI sold about you in the prior 12 months, or that no sale occurred. If we sold your CA PI, we will explain the categories of your CA PI we have sold, the categories of third parties to which we sold CA PI, and what categories of CA PI were sold for each third party; and (8) anything else you believe you are required by law to receive.You have the right to make or obtain a transportable copy, no more than twice in a twelve-month period, of your CA PI that we have collected in the period that is 12 months prior to the request date and are maintaining, by sending a request by email (including the email address that you have used to transact with TIDY) to conciege@tidy.com with the CCPA REQUEST in the subject.Please note that CA PI is retained by us for various time periods, so we may not be able to fully respond to what might be relevant going back 12 months prior to the request.Except to the extent we have a basis for retention under CCPA, you may request that we delete your CA PI that we have collected directly from you and are maintaining. Note also that we are not required to delete your PI that we did not collect directly from you.You may alternatively exercise more limited control of your PI by opting out of marketing emails by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link or adjusting the relevant settings in your account, including deleting data.We will not discriminate against you in a manner prohibited by the CCPA because you exercise your CCPA rights.NOTICE FOR NEVADA RESIDENTSUnder Nevada law, certain Nevada consumers may opt out of the sale of “personally identifiable information” for monetary consideration to a person for that person to license or sell such information to additional persons. “Personally identifiable information” includes first and last name, address, email address, phone number, Social Security Number, or an identifier that allows a specific person to be contacted either physically or online.We do not engage in such activity; however, if you are a Nevada resident who has purchased or leased goods or services from us, you may submit a request to opt out of any potential future sales under Nevada law by emailing concierge@tidy.com with NEVADA OPT OUT included in the subject of the email. Please note we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of the request. Once verified, we will maintain your request in the event our practices change.Other Policies and AgreementsIndependent Homekeeper AgreementIf you are a Homekeeper looking for the latest version of the Independent Homekeeper Agreement, it is found
here.Homekeeper Payment Processing TermsPayment processing services for Homekeepers on TIDY are provided by Stripe and are subject to the
Stripe Connected Account Agreement, which includes the
Stripe Terms of Service (collectively, the “Stripe Services Agreement”). By agreeing to the Independent Homekeeper Agreement or continuing to operate as a Homekeeper on TIDY, you agree to be bound by the Stripe Services Agreement, as the same may be modified by Stripe from time to time. As a condition of TIDY enabling payment processing services through Stripe, you agree to provide TIDY accurate and complete information about you and your business, and you authorize TIDY to share it and transaction information related to your use of the payment processing services provided by Stripe.Cancellation PolicyAs a client, canceling a cleaning within 24 hours of a scheduled appointment is a last minute cancellation, and subject to a fee equal to 50% of the cost of the booking.Damage Claims POLICYFor information on our damage claim process coverage and policy, click
here
.Satisfaction Guarantee TermsDetails about the satisfaction Guarantee are
here.Log InGet Started