https://www.northrim.com/privacy
Skip to main contentor please stop by one of our convenient locations.
Web
Site
Search
Login
Personal Login
Business Login
Personal Banking
Spend
Checking
Credit Cards
Debit Cards
Save
Savings and Money Market
Education Savings Accounts
Health Savings Accounts
Borrow
Loans
Mortgages
Invest
CDs
Investment Portfolios and Annuities
IRAs
Manage
Online Banking
Mobile Banking
Personal Finance
Deposits and Transfers
Business Banking
Spend
Checking
Credit Cards
Debit Cards
Save
Savings and Money Market
Borrow
Loans
Meet our Loan Officers
Invest
CDs
Manage
Online Banking
Mobile Banking
Deposits and Transfers
Operate
Cash Management
Card Processing
Employee Retirement Plans
Purchased Accounts Receivable
Learn
How-To Guides
Online Banking Guides
General Admin
Transfers and Payments
Remote Deposit Capture
Account Recon and Positive Pay
Alaskanomics
SurThrival
Overview
Financial Management
Financing
Operations and Inventory
Human Resources
Industry Analysis and Marketing
SurThrival Training
About Northrim
About Us
Company Info
Careers
Community
Management
Affiliates
Newsroom
Investor Relations
Property Sales
Contact Us
Contact Info
Locations
Earn Miles Referral Program
Affiliate Marketing Opt-Out
Search
Northrim Bank is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology
that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy
applies to the Northrim Bank Web site and governs data collection and usage.
By using the Northrim Bank website, you consent to the data practices described
in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Northrim Bank collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail
address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Northrim Bank also
collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as
your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically
collected by Northrim Bank. This information can include: your IP address,
browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This
information is used by Northrim Bank for the operation of the service, to
maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use
of the Northrim Bank Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information
or personally sensitive data through Northrim Bank public message boards,
this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Northrim Bank
does not read any of your private online communications.
Northrim Bank encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites
you choose to link to from Northrim Bank so that you can understand how those
Web sites collect, use and share your information. Northrim Bank is not responsible
for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Northrim Bank
and Northrim Bank family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Northrim Bank collects and uses your personal information to operate the Northrim Bank
Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Northrim Bank also uses
your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services
available from Northrim Bank and its affiliates. Northrim Bank may also
contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services
or of potential new services that may be offered.
Northrim Bank does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Northrim Bank may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business
partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases,
your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone
number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Northrim Bank
may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send
you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All
such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to
provide these services to Northrim Bank, and they are required to maintain
the confidentiality of your information.
Northrim Bank does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such
as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Northrim Bank keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within
Northrim Bank, in order to determine what Northrim Bank services are
the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising
within Northrim Bank to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested
in a particular subject area.
Northrim Bank Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice,
only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is
necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process
served on Northrim Bank or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or
property of Northrim Bank; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect
the personal safety of users of Northrim Bank, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Northrim Bank Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online
experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page
server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the
domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save
you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned
to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Northrim Bank pages, or
register with Northrim Bank site or services, a cookie helps Northrim Bank
to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process
of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses,
and so on. When you return to the same Northrim Bank Web site, the information
you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Northrim Bank
features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically
accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies
if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience
the interactive features of the Northrim Bank services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Northrim Bank secures your personal information from unauthorized access,
use or disclosure. Northrim Bank secures the personally identifiable information
you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from
unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit
card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use
of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Northrim Bank will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect
company and customer feedback. Northrim Bank encourages you to periodically
review this Statement to be informed of how Northrim Bank is protecting your
information.
Contact Information
Northrim Bank welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that Northrim Bank has not adhered to this Statement, please
contact Northrim Bank at ben@benharris.com.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the
problem.
Copyright 2020 by Northrim Bank
:
Terms Of Use :
Privacy Statement
Copyright 2020 by Northrim Bank
:
Terms Of Use :
Privacy Statement
back to top
Loading...
You are leaving The Northrim Bank Website
The website you have selected is an external site located on another server and is provided by our partner, MartizCX, an objective third-party company. All submitted comments are handled by Northrim management. Both Northrim and MartizCX are committed to the confidentiality of your comments and assure the security of the information you give us. However, we encourage you not to give any proprietary information such as passwords and social security numbers.
Proceed
Cancel
×
You are leaving The Northrim Bank Website
The website you have selected is an external one located on another server. Northrim Bank has no responsibility for any external website. We neither endorse the information, content, presentation, or accuracy nor make any warranty, express or implied, regarding any external site.
Continue
Cancel
×
PLEASE NOTE: WE ARE NOT ACCEPTING LOAN APPLICATIONS FOR BUSINESSES OUTSIDE OF ALASKA.
You are leaving the Northrim Bank website. The link you have selected is to an external site located on another server and is provided by our partner, Abrigo. To apply for a loan in Alaska, select the "Continue" option below. You will need to create a user ID and password on the next page if this is your first application.
Continue
Cancel
×
Where are you located?
Southcentral Alaska
Interior Alaska
Southeast Alaska
Kenai Peninsula
Other
Would you like to open a savings account too?
Yes
No
×
Where are you located?
Southcentral Alaska
Interior Alaska
Southeast Alaska
Kenai Peninsula
Other
Would you like to open a checking account too?
Yes
No
×