http://www.polarisusa.com/privacy
System Builder
Blog
Dealers
Live Demos
Learning
Support
Contact
800-308-4204
Facebook
Google+
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
my cart (empty)
|
my account
( Login Now )
HD-IP
HD-IP Camera Systems
IP Cameras (IPC)
PTZ (Pan Tilt Zoom IP)
Network Video Recorders IP (NVRs)
POE, Wireless & Testers
HD Over Coax
HD-CVI Camera Systems
HD-CVI Cameras
HD-CVI Recorders
HD-CVI Accessories
HD-SDI
CCTV
Camera Systems
Indoor & Outdoor Cameras
Covert / Micro & Board Cameras
Pan Tilt Zoom Cameras (PTZ)
Specialty Cameras
DVRs (Digital Video Recorders)
Testers & Accessories
Parts & Accessories
Flat Screen Monitors
Power Supplies
Camera Mounts & Housings
Connectors
Cable & Wire
Lenses
Infrared (IR) Illuminators
Installation Tools, Signs & Accessories
Video Distribution
Storage Solutions (HDDs & Memory)
Radio Programming
Subscribe
Lens Simulator
Storage Calculator
On Sale Now!
Reviews
Deals
PolarisUSA Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy
(last update: Jun 2011)
Information we gather
The following information is gathered from our website visitors:IP addressPages viewed
For website members (customers with a logged in account) the following additional information is gathered:Products purchased
How we use the information we gather
We use the information to enhance your visitor experience by recommending products and services relating to those that you have already viewed or purchased, as well as provide support information relating to products you own.
We never release any personal information, trending data, demographics or other information to any third party for any reason.
The people that are given access to this information
Your personal information is accessible by the server administrator only, and only in the event of a necessary maintenance or database repair.
The security measures we have in place to protect your personal information
To safeguard your personal information, we use 256bit encryption for the storage of all personally identifiable data.
Our database server is stored in a locked cabinet in a secured access-controlled data center, and does not allow remote logins.
Our website is screened daily for security vulnerabilities.
Our use of cookies
Our website makes use of cookies which are small digital files that are stored in your web browser that enable us to track your return visits to our website.
Your browser settings may allow you to block these cookies, but we recommend you have them enabled to help us personalise your experience of our website.
Certain aspects of our website, such as the ability to purchase products, will require the use of cookies for maintaining login data.
This data is stored in a secured encrypted fashion.
Copyright © 2019 PolarisUSA Video, Inc.
|
P.O. Box 159, 11 Post Office Circle, Rydal, GA 30171
|
800-308-4204
Privacy Policy
|
Terms & Conditions
Merchant Services
Furry Friends