http://www.carlsjr.com/privacy-policy
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy is effective as of January 1, 2020.
Please carefully read this Privacy Policy applicable to the Carl's Jr.® Website.
Notice to California Residents:
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY NOTICE
BY USING THIS WEBSITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT USE THE WEBSITE OR SUBMIT PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US IN ANY MANNER.
Carl's Jr. Restaurants LLC and its parents, subsidiaries, franchisees and affiliates, and their respective stockholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, successors and assigns (collectively, "Carl's Jr.") is very sensitive to the privacy concerns of the visitors to its site on the Internet. This Privacy Policy (this "Privacy Policy") outlines the types of Personal Information that you may provide to us on any website controlled by Carl's Jr. which link to this Privacy Policy (referred to, individually and collectively, as the "Website") and explains how Carl's Jr. handles such Personal Information. This Privacy Policy does not apply to personal information collected from you offline, to websites that do not link to this Privacy Policy or to third-party websites to which the Website may link. Your use of the Website is subject to this Privacy Policy and the applicable Website terms and conditions (capitalized terms set forth but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Website terms and conditions).
Definition of "Personal Information"
"Personal Information" means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly with a particular visitor or consumer and which is submitted to and/or collected by the Website and maintained by Carl's Jr. in an accessible form, and includes information actively submitted by you and passively-collected information, as described below.
Collection of Personal Information Online
E-mail addresses and other Personal Information of visitors, such as a first and last name, home or other physical address or telephone number, are known to Carl's Jr. only when voluntarily submitted, for example, via online orders, registration for sweepstakes or contests, content submissions, suggestions or participation in online interactive activities. For example, you may submit your name, postal address, e-mail address, and/or other information in order to receive information about various subjects, register for programs, contact customer service, or respond to surveys. Certain non-personal information of visitors is recorded by the standard operation of Internet servers of Carl's Jr. Information tracked includes the visitor's type of operating system (e.g., iOS, Android, Windows) and the type of browser (e.g., Internet Explorer, Chrome, Firefox, Safari). Like many other websites, Carl's Jr. makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement around the site, and gather demographic information, IP addresses, and other such information. In addition, certain Personal Information may be collected using various technologies, such as cookies, Internet tags, and web beacons. As detailed more particularly below, the Website does use cookies to track visitor preferences. Collectively, this information is primarily used to provide an enhanced online experience for the visitor. Other uses of this information include internal review of the number of visitors to the site, but only in an aggregate and non-personally identifiable form.
Google Analytics
Carl's Jr. has implemented certain features of Google Analytics advertising features for the Website, including Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting and Integrated services that require Google Analytics to collect data via advertising cookies and anonymous identifiers. As a part of these programs, Google, as a third party vendor, makes use of certain cookies and anonymous identifiers to serve ads on the Website and to provide certain behavioral, demographic and interest data with third parties. Google's use of these cookies enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to the Website and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the Google Analytics advertising features through Google Ads Settings (see https://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin), Google Ad Settings for mobile apps, the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on (available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/), or other available means, such as the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out Tool (available at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/).
Acceptance of Privacy Terms and Conditions
Your access to and use of the Website is subject to this Privacy Policy and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing this site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, this Privacy Policy. Carl's Jr. reserves the right to at any time revise this Privacy Policy without prior notice to reflect technological advancements, legal and regulatory changes and good business practices. If Carl's Jr. changes its privacy practices, a new Privacy Policy will reflect those changes and the effective date of the revised Privacy Policy will be set forth in this Privacy Policy. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then-current privacy terms and conditions to which you are bound. If you have questions about the use, amendment, or deletion of Personal Information that you have provided to Carl's Jr., or if you would like to opt out of future communications from a Carl's Jr. business or a particular program, please contact us by clicking on the "Contact" link on this Website or write:
Guest Relations
6700 Tower Circle, Suite 1000
Franklin, TN 37067
In all communications to Carl's Jr., please include the e-mail address used for registration (if applicable), the website address or the specific program to which you provided Personal Information and a detailed explanation of your request. If you would like to delete or amend your Personal Information and are contacting us by e-mail, please put "Deletion Request" or "Amendment Request", as applicable, in the subject line of the e-mail. We will do our best to respond to all reasonable requests in a timely manner.
X
Cookies help us improve your website experience.
By using our website, you agree to our use of cookies.
Confirm