http://www.gottfriedmedical.com/corporate/legal/privacy-policy.php
New Burn Garment Print
Pink Timber Fabric Print
New Burn Garment Print
Immediate Assistance: Toll Free: 800-537-1968
Outside the U.S: +1 419-474-2973
M - F • 8 am - 6 pm U.S. Eastern Time
|
Privacy Policy  |
Search  |
Site Map  |
Terms of Use
When You Use this Website
We Collect Information
The following privacy statement contains information on the type of data we (Gottfried Medical, Inc., 2920 Centennial Rd.
Toledo OH 43617-1833) collect and for what purposes and to what extent said data is used by us and/or made available to
third parties.
By accessing or using this Website (http://www.gottfriedmedical.com) you agree
to the Privacy Policy as outlined below. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not access or use this site. Gottfried
Medical Inc. reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion. Your use of this Website
will be subject to the most current version at the time of such use.
Log-Files
Our webserver automatically records certain information about each visit to this website.
The process does not use cookies
Visitors are not tracked
The information is not attributable to an individual
The information is not merged with other data sources
We use this information to improve and optimize the website and for purposes of security.
Forms
When you elect to submit any of our forms you will be required to provide personally identifiable information. We use this
information solely for the purpose(s) described on the form. If you require the assistance any of our forms are intended to provide, but do
not wish to submit personal information online, please call our offices:
M - F • 8 am - 6 pm U.S. Eastern Time
Toll Free: +1 800-537-1968
Outside the U.S: +1 419-474-2973
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics. Our coding method generates data that does not personally identify you. We use this
information to improve and optimize the website and for purposes of security.
More about Google Analytics data privacy and security:
Safeguarding your Google Analytics data
This website’s Google Analytics code includes: “anonymize_ip.” This code abbreviates the IP address reported when you are visiting this website.
The abbreviated IP address prevents Google from making a direct personal reference to you during your visit to this website.
More about Google Analytics "Anonymize:"
IP Anonymization in Google Analytics
If you are unsure the selection you made when you entered this website, you may “anonymize” your reported IP address
now for the remainder of this visit by clicking: here.
Cookies
This website uses cookies for:
Recording Google Analytics
Anonymizing the information sent to Google Analytics
These uses are explained above under the heading: Google Analytics.
Informing you of your choice to anonymize the information - "Restrict"
Remembering your decision to anonymize
This cookie remembers having shown you notification of our privacy policy and your decision regarding the option to “anonymize”
(explained above) the information collected specific to each of your visits to this website.
This notification will appear in the lower right corner on each new visit to this website:
If you are unsure the selection you made when you entered this website, you may “anonymize” your reported IP address
now for the remainder of this visit by clicking: here.
To learn about cookies and how to control and disable them, please visit the website:
cookies and you .
Google Maps & YouTube
This website may incorporate Google Maps and YouTube videos. If you are logged into your Google or YouTube account and
access any page on this website containing a Google map or a YouTube video, that usage will be logged to your Google account
profile and may be used by them elsewhere for purposes beyond our control.
To avoid this inadvertent assignment of use, please always log-out of these accounts. This website cannot control your
logged status with Google or YouTube and has no access to, or control over, that information.
Google privacy policy
YouTube privacy policy
Securing Information
We will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal
information.
Cross-border Information Transfers
Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate to
enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy. You agree to such cross-border transfers of information.
Sharing Information
We may share the information we collect with others for the following purposes:
Administering this website
Improving and optimizing this website and its security
Providing customer support and obtaining feedback
Protecting the rights and safety of us and others
Meeting legal requirements
Supporting and improving our services
Transferring information in the event of the sale, merger or consolidation of our business
Updating this Privacy Policy
We may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website. You should check this page occasionally to
ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Other Websites
This website may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal information, please write to:
Gottfried Medical, Inc.
Internet Privacy
2920 Centennial Rd.
Toledo OH 43617-1833
Effective: May 25, 2018
Contact
Hours: M - F • 8 am - 6 pm EST
Toll-free: +1 800-537-1968
Outside the U.S.: +1 419-474-2973
Fax: +1 866-474-8822
Email:
Inquiries Director
Gottfried Medical, Inc.
2920 Centennial Rd.
Toledo OH 43617-1833
Geolocate
Global Links
Using the Gottfried Medical Website
Site Map
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
©  2020, Gottfried Medical, Inc., Inc. All rights reserved.