http://www.karakal.com/terms-conditions
Cookies and Privacy
This website use cookies to ensure you get the best user experience on our website.
Accept
Decline
Read our Privacy Policy
Cookie Settings
Menu
SquashSquash RacketsSquash AccessoriesSquash BallsSquash GripsSquash Racket BagsSquash ShoesSquash StringsKarakal Pro Tour RangeBadmintonBadminton RacketsBadminton AccessoriesBadminton GripsBadminton Racket BagsBadminton ShoesBadminton StringsShuttlecocksTennisTennis RacketsTennis AccessoriesTennis BallsTennis GripsTennis Racket BagsTennis StringsRacketball SQ57Racketball SQ57 RacketsRacketball SQ57 AccessoriesRacketball SQ57 BallsRacketball SQ57 GripsRacketball SQ57 Racket BagsRacketball SQ57 ShoesTable TennisPU GripsClothingCourt ShoesLadies ClothingMens ClothingSports SocksSpecial Offers
Account
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
This is an important section of Karakal.com explaining the terms and conditions you are agreeing to when you use and/or shop from the Karakal.com website (hereinafter "Karakal.com"). By using Karakal.com, you are agreeing to be bound by these Terms & Conditions and any other guidelines or rules applicable to other services that may be posted from time to time. If you do not agree with any part of the following terms of conditions you must not use Karakal.com. If you are uncertain, you can always contact us.
Karakal GuaranteeIf you are not satisfied with the goods purchased, then return them to us in a new and unused condition within 30 days of receiving them and we will refund you the original cost of the goods in full. The cost of the return postage will be at your own expense, or a collection can be arranged for an additional fee. This Guarantee does not affect your statutory rights.
Right to Cancel
You are able to exercise your right to cancel an order any time during the Cooling Off Period, i.e. within 7 working days of placing your order. You can notify us of your decision to cancel either by email or online at contact us. The cost of returning the product(s) is down to you as the customer, unless the items are incorrect or faulty in any way. Your original outward postage charge will be refunded if the order is cancelled within the Cooling Off Period.
Customer Care Policy
Our commitment is to ensure that your experience with Karakal.com is of the highest quality. If for any reason, you are unhappy with any part of our service please do contact us at the earliest possible time.
Data Collection
You can access the Web site and browse certain areas without disclosing personal data. We collect your personal data ("Your Data") only with your knowledge or your consent. When you register your details, we collect Your Data to enable us to inform you from time to time by email and post of new products and services from Karakaldirect. At no time will we share Your Data with any third parties. We will also collect information if you complete any other forms on our site or if you contact us with comments or specific requests.Data UseBy registering on Karakal.com ("a Registered User") you agree that you would like to receive product and service updates from Karakal.com. Unless you "opt out" (see below) we may also use Your Data in the following ways, relating to services of Privacy Statement.At Karakal.com we're very serious about protecting your privacy. When we ask for information about you, we make sure we keep it safe. We confirm that when you send any personal information to us, it will remain entirely confidential and will not be made available to any other company. We will use the information for the sole means of contacting you with offers or news which we think will be of interest or value to you. Any personal information you send to us will be done so over a secure connection using a verified certificate.Any information which you make available to us will be held and processed in accordance with the requirements of GDPR. Please note that, by completing and sending the contact form, registering on Karakal.com, or by placing an order, you are giving your consent for the said data to be held and used for the stated purpose(s). We may use this information to tell you of changes to Karakal.com (and any changes to this policy will be posted here).We reserve the right to access and to disclose personal information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests, to operate our systems properly or to protect either ourselves or our users.If you order a product from us, we will request your name, e-mail address, billing and delivery address, credit or debit card number and expiry date and telephone number. These details allow us to process your orders and deal with any problems involving credit card charges and delivery.We store the Contract's content and will send you the details of your order as well as our general terms via e-mail. You can find full Terms & Conditions on the website at all times. Details of recent orders can be found on our website by using your customer login. We will not, at any time, share any of your information with third parties.
Karakal CLUBs and Customer Groups
All Karakal CLUB Members are afforded membership by their TEAM LEADER, who controls the applicants membership and can add or remove members at their discretion. Karakal have no input into who is to become, remain or be removed from a Karakal CLUB and is the discretion of the TEAM LEADER of the specific Club. Karakal.com reserves the right to change or cancel and discount levels and offers made available to a Karakal CLUB or Customer Group at any time.
Monitoring
We may monitor who accesses Karakal.com, for example we may automatically collect access information about you, such as the type of internet browser you use, the website from which you have come to our website, and your IP address (the unique address which identifies your computer on the internet) which is automatically recognised by our web server. Such information allows us to assess our users and build a profile to ensure we offer you the best online shopping experience.Cookies
We may also obtain information about your online movements and use of the internet. We do this by placing a "cookie", which is a small file, on your computer's hard disk. Cookies are used for several reasons, for example to recognise you whenever you visit the website ensuring you do not have to enter all your details and thereby speeding up the process so you do not have to log in each time. It will also enable us to store your personal preferences, build a profile about you and target our marketing and advertising campaigns. We cannot provide a full service to you if you disable to the cookie function on your web browser.Contacting you for Marketing Purposes: Subject to obtaining your consent we may contact you by email with details of products, information or special offers. If you'd prefer not to receive any marketing communications from us, you can opt out at any time by visiting the "My Details" section of your karakaldirect account.We will provide you with relevant information by email, post or telephone.Opt-outAs indicated above, as a Registered User you are given the opportunity to 'opt-out' of having Your Data used for any purposes related to karakaldirect. You should also be aware that you have a legal right to ask us to make no further direct marketing use of Your Data at all. If you wish to exercise this right please send a written notice to the address on our contact page.Accessing Personal DataYou can contact us to ask whether we are keeping personal data about you, by contact us. Upon request, we will provide you with a readable copy of data, which we hold about you. If you ask us to delete, correct or amend that personal data we will do so within a reasonable time.General Terms & Conditions
The materials made available on the Web site are directed solely at consumers who access the Web site from the United Kingdom. Karakal makes no representation that any product referred to in the materials on the Web site is appropriate for use, or available, in other locations. Those who choose to access this site from other locations are responsible for compliance with local laws if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
Any contract between us, whether for use of the Web site or in relation to the purchase of products or services through the Web site will be governed by the laws of England and Wales and both parties, (you and Karakal), submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.
Karakal has taken every care in the preparation of the content of the Web site, however we do not guarantee that the information will always be completely up to date and free of mistakes. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Karakal disclaims all warranties express or implied, as to the accuracy of the information contained in any of the materials on the Web site and will accept no liability for any loss or damage the use of any of the information contained in any of the materials on the Web site.
karakaldirect assumes no responsibility and shall not be liable for any damage to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Web site. To the extent permitted by law, in no event shall karakaldirect be liable for any injury, loss, claim, damage, or any exemplary, punitive, direct, indirect, incidental or consequential damages of any kind (including but not limited to lost profits or lost savings) whether based in contract, tort, strict liability, or otherwise, which arises out of or is in any way connected with:(i) any use of the Web site or content found therein, (ii) any failure or delay (including, but not limited to) the use of or inability to use any component of the Web site (iii) the performance or non-performance by karakaldirect (iv) the provision of or failure to provide services (v) any information, software, products, services and related graphics obtained through the Web site.
The naming of any manufacturer or product on the Web site does not imply endorsement by karakaldirect. The omission of any such names does not necessarily indicate a lack of endorsement by karakaldirect.
Certain (hypertext) links in this site may lead to other web sites, which are not under the control of karakaldirect. When you activate any of these you will leave the Web site and we shall have no control over and will accept no responsibility or liability for the material on any web site, which is not under the control of karakaldirect.
All prices quoted on the Web site are inclusive of VAT where applicable, and exclusive of delivery charges. When ordering from a VAT-exempt destination, VAT will automatically be deducted from the total when a valid VAT-exempt postcode is entered in the delivery address details. Delivery charges will be added separately and before you submit your order.
The exclusions of liability set out in these terms and conditions shall not apply to any damages arising from death or personal injury caused by the negligence of karakaldirect or any of its employees or agents.
These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English Law. If any provision of these terms and conditions shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable then that provision shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
We reserve the right to alter these terms and conditions from time to time by posting new terms and conditions on the Web site.
These Terms and Conditions, together with those incorporated herein or referred to herein constitute the entire agreement between us relating to the subject matter hereof, and supersede any prior understandings or agreements (whether oral or written) regarding the subject matter.
DisclaimerInformation on this web site is provided "as is", for your information only, without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. You assume all risks concerning the suitability and accuracy of the information within this web site.
This web site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Karakal assumes no responsibility for and disclaims all liability for any such inaccuracies, errors or omissions in this web site and in other documents referred to within or linked to this web site.
Information may be changed or updated without notice. Karakal may also make improvements and/or changes in the pricing, technical specifications, and products without notice, at any time.
In no event shall Karakal be liable for any special, indirect, or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data, or profits, whether in an action of contract, negligence, or other action, arising out of or in connection with the use of performance of this information. Any queries regarding this disclaimer, please contact us.