http://www.porta-jon.com/cookie-policy/
Your browser is out of date!
Update your browser to view this website correctly.
update my browser now
Whoops, something's gone wrong.
It looks like you have denied/blocked location sharing in your browser, or your browser does not support geolocation. Please enable location sharing in your browser settings and try again.
1-800-TOILETS
Your Needs
Events
Construction
Industrial
Sports and Recreation
Government
Agriculture
Emergency
What We Offer
Portable Restrooms
Temporary Fence
Portable Restroom Trailers
Roll Off Dumpsters
Hand Washing
Shower Trailers
Holding Tanks
Temporary Power
Other Services
Locations
About USS
Why Choose USS?
8 Point Service Plan
Executive Leadership
Acquisitions
Blog
Support
Pay My Bill
Request Pickup
General Inquiry
FAQs
Restroom Calculator
Careers
Open Positions
Drivers
Veterans
About USS
Resources
1-800-TOILETS1-800-TOILETS
1-800-864-5387
Get a quote
SEARCH
GET A QUOTE
Get aQuote
1-800-TOILETS
1-800-TOILETS
×
Loading ...
COLLAPSE
×
Calculator
Get a Quote
Calculator
Choose Service Category
Rental Purpose
Purpose of Rental
Business
Personal
Government
Use Type
Select Your Use Type
Construction
Event
Other
Event Specifications
Number of People
Total Event Hours
Other
Yes
Higher Percentage of Women to Men?
Alcohol Being Served?
Calculate
2. Projects Details
Delivery City
State
Select a state
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Zip Code
Delivery & Pickup Date
3. Your Contact Details
First Name
Last Name
Email
Phone
Phone Ext.
Thanks
Your quote has been sent. We will be in contact shortly.
For all emergency requests, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care hotline at 1-800-TOILETS.
Start new quote
Return to home
Home > Cookie Policy
OUR COOKIE POLICY
Last modified: 12/19/2019
This document explains what you need to know about how United Site Services uses cookies on its websites, and how to choose to manage or remove them if you wish to do so.
Summary
Cookies are small data files which are sent to a user’s computer or mobile phone from a website and are stored on the hard drive of the user’s device. They help to make a website work better for a user.
When landing on United Site Services’ website, you have been given the opportunity to accept cookies used on this website or to decline all cookies. If you have accepted our use of some or all cookies, the following information relates to cookies used on this website only. On United Site Services website users can manage and/or delete cookies as they wish. Information about how to do this is provided in the section “How to manage cookies”.
About cookies
A cookie is a small amount of data (which often includes a unique identifier) that is sent to a user’s computer or mobile phone from a website and is stored on the hard drive of the device. Each website can send its cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it. Many websites do this whenever a user visits their website to report on website traffic. Your browser will only permit United Site Services to access the cookies set by United Site Services.
How United Site Services Uses Cookies
Cookies on the United Site Services website are used in a number of ways. A full list of all the cookies used across United Site Services sites can be found in the “List of Cookies” used on United Site Services’ site.
Analytics
United Site Services uses a range of analytic tools to collect information about how people use its sites to help us assess whether the site meets user needs and to determine how we could improve the user’s experience.
Analytic cookies store information about what pages people visit, how long they are on the site, how they got there, and what content they access. Information supplied by cookies helps United Site Services to analyze the profile of visitors and provide them with a better experience.
Analytic type cookies do not collect or store a user’s personal information (for example, names or addresses), so this information in the cookie cannot be used to identify individuals. United Site Services does not allow analytics companies to use or share their data.
Profile Management
The preference center allows users to retrieve personal information and account details of their communication preferences. This site uses a cookie to remember account information.
Storing Your Usability and Accessibility Settings
The United Site Services website provides settings that allow you to resize text or improve the performance of the site, or keep it on your preferred language. If you switch these settings on, we store the settings in a cookie, so that they apply to each page you view.
There are two broad categories of cookies:
First-Party Cookies, served directly by United Site Services to your device.
Third-Party Cookies, which are served by a third party on United Site Services’ behalf.
Third-party cookies are not set directly by United Site Services. They are set by the third-party service or functionality providers.
United Site Services does not control the distribution of these cookies. For more information about the cookies used by these suppliers, including how to opt-out, view their individual privacy policies listed below.
Cookie Name
Description of Cookie
Google Analytics
Google Analytics stores the information collected by the cookie on servers in the United States. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
How to reject or delete this cookie
http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacypolicy.html
Facebook
Facebook uses cookies to help display ads and to make recommendations for businesses and other organizations to people who may be interested in the products, services, or causes they promote.
LinkedIn
LinkedIn uses cookies on their sites (such as linkedin.com and slideshare.net) and mobile applications. Any browser visiting these sites will receive cookies from us. LinkedIn also put cookies in your browser when you visit non-LinkedIn websites that host our plugins (for example, LinkedIn’s “Share” button) or tags.
How to Manage Cookies
Internet browsers allow users to manage their cookies. They can set their devices to accept all cookies, to let them know when a cookie has been set, or never to receive cookies.
Each browser works differently: use the “Help” menu in your browser to find out to change your cookie preferences. For information on how to do this on the browser of your mobile phone, you should refer to your device’s user manual. Please be aware that completely disabling cookies mean that certain personalized features will not then be available to that user, and they may not be able to make full use of all of the website’s features.
As indicated, some cookies are not set by United Site Services websites but by other sites (see table above) providing a service or functionality on United Site Services websites. Managing, deleting, or blocking these cookies requires you to visit the websites of these third parties.
You can learn more about cookies and how to manage them at AboutCookies.org.
List of Cookies used on the United Site Services web site: UnitedSiteServices.com
Cookies can remain on your computer or mobile device for different lengths of time. Some cookies are “session cookies,” meaning that they removed when the user closes the internet browser and automatically deleted when the browser closes. Other cookies are “permanent cookies,” meaning that they remain after your internet browser closes. They can be used by United Site Services to recognize your computer when you open your browser and browse the Internet again.
Cookie Name
Cookie Persistence
Expires After
Description of Cookie
_utma
Permanent
24 months
This keeps track of the number of times a visitor has been to the site, when their first visit was, and when their last visit occurred. With each new visit expiration date is refreshed.
_utmb
Session
30 minutes
A timestamp of the exact moment in time when a visitor enters the site.
_utmc
Session
End of session
A timestamp of the exact moment in time when a visitor leaves the site – having waited 30 minutes for another pageview to happen, and if it doesn’t, it expires.
_utmz
Permanent
6 months
This keeps track of where the visitor came from e.g., navigated directly to the website or from another website, what search engine was used, what link was clicked on, what keywords used, and from the location from which the site was accessed.
eloq
Session
End of session
This tracks the number of times a visitor has been to the site, when they first visited, and when their last visit occurred using Pardot (United Site Services’ email marketing software)
langID
Session
End of session
Support for website language switching.
If you have any questions regarding the cookies we use, please contact us at webmaster@UnitedSiteServices.com.
Local Shared Objects (Flash Cookies)
Cookies that Have Been Set in the Past
If you have disabled the cookies function, we may still use information collected by cookies before you disabled them, and certainly before their retention period expires. However, United Site Services will stop using the disabled cookie to gather any further information after the deactivation.
Changes to this Cookie Policy
United Site Services reserves the right to make changes to the above policy at any time. If we make any material changes in the way we collect, use, and share information held in cookies, we will notify you. We recommend that you check this page from time to time for updates concerning any changes in this Cookie Policy.
More Information
To learn more about cookies and how to manage them, visit AboutCookies.org.
Ready to Get Started?
Request a Quote!
×
×
×
We use cookies to give you the best online experience. By using our website you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. More info