http://www.cfaw.com/privacy.html
CFA | Corporate Finance Associates
in
twitter
facebook
rss
google
Investment Bankers to the Middle Market Since 1956
.
Services
Overview
Selling a Business
Buying a Business
Capital Markets
Business Exit Strategy
Business Valuation
ESOP Transactions
Our Team
Asia Pacific
Europe
North America
Corporate Office
International Reach
The Firm
Overview
What We Do
Our Thinking
The CFA Advantage
Leadership
History
Join Our Organization
Contact Us
Industries
Transactions
Overview
Selected Transactions
Case Studies
Resources
Overview
Publications
Press Releases
Video Interviews
M&A Articles
CFA Brochures
Case Studies
Fact Sheet
Blog
Contact
Previous Page
Privacy Policy
We Protect Your Privacy Corporate Finance Associates (CFA) is committed to respecting
and protecting your privacy. We provide certain services and
opportunities for visitors to our Web site. In order to provide
these services to you and to develop a better site, we require
that you submit some of your personal information. Please read
the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy.
Information Gathered
When you register to receive materials or complete an
information form, CFA is collecting information from you. This
information is necessary in order to tailor our subsequent
communications to you, fulfill your requests regarding products
and services, and to contact you about CFA developments.
Information Sharing
CFA will not sell, rent, or share your personally identifiable
information with others, unless we have your permission or are
required by law. We may share aggregate data with our business
partners, but this data is based on demographics and does not
include any personally identifiable information.
Cookies A cookie is a small data file that certain Web sites write to
your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain
information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the
pages you've visited, but the only personal information a cookie
can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can't
read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by
other sites. CFA may use cookies to identify what pages are
being used and which ones aren't. This helps us analyze the Web
page traffic and improve our site. CFA may allow other companies
that are present on some of our pages to set and access their
cookies on your computer. Other companies' use of their cookies
is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. Other
companies do not have access to CFA's cookies. CFA wants to be
sure you understand that accepting a cookie in no way gives us
access to your computer or any personal information about you,
other than the data you chose to share with us. If you are
uncomfortable with cookie technology, you may adjust your Web
browser accordingly.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
CFA may amend this policy occasionally. If we make any
substantial changes in the way we use your personal information,
we will notify you.
Feedback
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or our
use of personal information on this site, please
contact us here.
close
Which CFA publication would you like to receive?
Middle Market Pulse | Monthly
Capital Ideas | Quarterly
Securities offered through Corporate Finance Securities, Inc. Member FINRA/SIPC
We protect your privacy.
Stay up to date with news from CFA. Publications include the Middle Market Pulse published monthly and Capital Ideas published quarterly. We protect your privacy
First Name is required and must be a string.
Last Name is required and must be a string.
Valid email required.
Zip code is required.
Which CFA publication would you like to receive?
Middle Market Pulse | Monthly
Capital Ideas | Quarterly
Securities offered through Corporate Finance Securities, Inc. Member FINRA/SIPC
Corporate Office

23461 South Pointe Drive, Suite 180

Laguna Hills

California 92653

USA

+1.949.305.6710
 2020 Corporate Finance Associates Worldwide Inc. All rights reserved.
 privacy
 legal
 sitemap