http://www.bettertrades.com/policies.aspx
The Premier Stock Market Education Company
Toggle navigation
Home
About
Classes
Contact
Sign Up
Sign In
Sign Up
Sign In
Username
Password
Sign In
Forgot Password?
Legal Notices and Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Purchase Policy
Terms of Use
BetterTrades Legal Notices and Disclaimer
DISCLOSURES
From time to time, we make information available to you regarding our business and the trading industry. Remember, ALL TRADING AND INVESTMENT ACTIVITY INVOLVES RISK. We provide strategies and education designed to inform and teach you about trading and how possibly to limit risk and make profits from trading. There is no assurance that you will make profits from what you are learning from us.
You should review the information on these pages from time to time.
Testimonials
Testimonials and similar statements about success are made for promotional purposes. Success and results described in testimonials or other statements may not be representative of other students’ experiences. Results will vary, and there are no assurances you are likely to achieve successful investment or trading results.
Advertising
BetterTrades and its Affiliates accept advertising and promotional payments from third parties whose advertisement appear on BetterTrades’ websites and in its products. BetterTrades receives advertising payments from some broker-dealers (i.e., brokerage firms) for distributing the brokerage firms’ advertisements and promoting firms during BetterTrades’ presentations.
Links to Other Websites
BetterTrades and its Affiliates’ websites may provide links to other third-party websites or resources. BetterTrades and its Affiliates make no representations about any other website which you may access. BetterTrades and its Affiliates are not responsible for the availability or any content, advertising, products, services or other materials from third parties.
Sales Compensation
Our instructors’ compensation includes amounts they receive because you purchase BetterTrades’ products, including classes, subscriptions and distance learning materials.
Data and Other Information
BetterTrades’ products could include inaccuracies or errors. We do not make guarantees as to the completeness or correctness of any BetterTrades’ product. Any data used or made available by BetterTrades is from sources believed by it to be reliable and accurate; however, BetterTrades does not investigate the sources or confirm the data and it does not make any representations that the data or resulting calculations are complete or otherwise accurate.
From time to time, BetterTrades may reference prior articles and opinions. These references may be selective, may reference only a portion of an article or opinion, and are likely not to be current. As markets change continuously, previously published information and data may not be current and should not be relied upon.
IMPORTANT NOTICES ABOUT TRADING
BetterTrades and its personnel are not registered broker-dealers or investment advisers. You are encouraged to speak with licensed broker-dealers, investment advisers or counselors of your choice regarding the appropriateness of investing or of any particular investment strategy or security.
BetterTrades’ products are for informational and educational purposes only, and no mention of a particular security in any BetterTrades’ product constitutes a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold that or any other security, or that any particular security, portfolio of securities, transaction or investment strategy is suitable for any specific person. None of the information providers (e.g., instructors or sales persons) or their affiliates will advise you personally concerning the nature, potential, value or suitability of any particular security, portfolio of securities, transaction, investment strategy or other matter. To the extent any of the information contained in any BetterTrades’ product may be deemed to be investment advice, it is impersonal and not tailored to the individual investment needs of any specific person.
BetterTrades’ personnel (e.g., instructors) are not subject to trading restrictions. BetterTrades’ personnel could have a position in a security or initiate a position in a security at any time. In the event you enter into trading transactions, BetterTrades’ personnel also may be trading or have positions in the same securities.
BetterTrades’ products contain opinions about securities, and the opinions differ. For example, an opinion about a security in a certain BetterTrades’ publication could differ from an opinion about the same security that is in another BetterTrades’ publication. As another example, two instructors could have different views about the same security or factors affecting that security (such as market events).
All investments and trading involve risk. Trading and investing subjects you to risk of losses, including losses greater than your original investment. Many strategies, investments and securities (including options) are not suitable for everyone. BetterTrades does not determine whether any strategy, investment or security is suitable for any individual.
Particularly with respect to options, prior to buying or selling an option, an investor must receive a copy of Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options, called the Options Disclosure Document (ODD). This document is available from your broker-dealer.
No one should trade with money they cannot afford to lose.
Past results are not indicative of future performance.
Where hypothetical or simulated examples are provided, because they do not represent actual trading, they have limitations. They are designed with hindsight and thus, can be biased to select favorable performance results. Also, since the trades have not been executed, the results may have under or over compensated for certain factors such as the lack of market liquidity.
Examples of trades and investment strategies do not include the costs of commissions, interest and dividends and other expenses. Keep in mind that these costs affect whether an investment is profitable.
When U.S. exchanges are open, stock and fund quotes (other than those obtained through the real-time quote services available to purchasers of certain BetterTrades products) are at least 15 minutes old. When U.S. exchanges are not open, quotes are only current as of the close of the last day of trading. Before selling or buying any stock or other investment you should consult with a broker to verify pricing information.
BetterTrades Privacy Policy
This policy covers Long Term – Short Term Inc.'s use of personal information that it collects when you use the Bettertrades.com website or its affiliated sites. From time to time, you will be asked to submit identifying information about yourself (e.g. name and email address) in order to receive or use our products, such as newsletters, online webshops and live chats. By entering your details in the fields requested, you enable Long Term – Short Term Inc. and its service providers to provide you with the products you select. Whenever you provide personal information, we will treat that information in accordance with this policy. When using your personal information Long Term – Short Term Inc. will act in accordance with current legislation and aim to meet current best practices.
Any information you provide to Long Term – Short Term Inc. will only be used within Long Term – Short Term Inc. and by its agents and or service providers. Your information also will be disclosed, however, when required by law or we believe in good faith that such action is necessary in order to comply with the law or legal process. Also, if you post or send offensive, inappropriate or objectionable content anywhere on or to Bettertrades.com or its affiliated sites, or otherwise engage in any disruptive behavior, Long Term – Short Term Inc. can use information about you in connection with stopping such behavior and exercising its rights and remedies. This may involve informing relevant third parties such as Internet service providers and law enforcement agencies about the content and your behavior.
During any visit to Bettertrades.com or its affiliated sites, the pages you see, along with a short text file called a 'cookie', are downloaded to your computer. Many websites do this, because cookies enable website publishers to do useful things like find out whether the computer (and probably its user) has visited the website before. This is done on a repeat visit by checking to see, and finding, the cookie left there on the last visit. Information supplied by cookies can help us to provide you with a better online user experience and assist us to analyze the profile of our visitors. Following registration we employ a registration cookie to recognize a subscriber and his or her access privileges on Bettertrades.com or its affiliated web sites, as well as to track site usage. We also collection information relating to your internet protocol address, your operating system and your browser which also permits us to review your site usage and to provide services to you as you use the site.
BetterTrades Purchase Policy
Our Purchase Policies are designed to provide you with the information you need for a smooth transaction. Please take a minute to read them. We also may change these policies from time to time, so check back prior to additional purchases.
Payment Policy & Methods:
As consideration for the products we provide to you, you agree to pay BetterTrades the applicable fees and other costs set forth at the time you purchase from BetterTrades.
Specials and limited time offers have different fees and costs and may have other terms and conditions.
Prior to your purchase of a product, we may change fees and costs, at any time, for any reason, at our sole discretion, without prior notice to you.
All fees and costs are due at the time you purchase. You agree to pay all value added, sales and other taxes. All payments must be made in U.S. dollars and Canadian dollars for US and Canada customer respectively.
ALL FEES ARE NON-REFUNDABLE, IN WHOLE OR IN PART.
In the event of a charge back by a credit card company (or similar action by another payment provider allowed by us) or other non-payment by you in connection with your payment of the applicable service or renewal fee, you agree that the product for which such fee has not been paid may be suspended, canceled or terminated, in BetterTrades’ sole discretion, and you remain responsible for the full payment of the fee and any additional amounts owed by you.
BetterTrades accepts American Express, Discover/Novus, MasterCard and Visa. We also accept debit cards, personal checks, money orders, cashier checks and wire transfers.
Financing Options: We offer financing options on certain classes and products. Conditions apply and the terms are set forth in agreements provided at the time financing options are made available.
BetterTrades requires the credit, debit, or check card security code for your card for any telephone, on-location or online purchase to protect against the unauthorized use of your credit card by other persons. The security code is an individual three or four digit number specific to your card that may be printed on the face of your card above the embossed account number (if American Express), or on the back of your card, on the signature panel (if Visa, MasterCard or Discover).
BetterTrades accepts cashier's checks and money orders as valid forms of payment. If you wish to pay by personal check, cashier's check or money order, you may order by phone at 1-800-676-4410. The personal check, cashier's check or money order must be payable to Long Term – Short Term, Inc.. Please mail your payment and a copy of your Order Acknowledgment email to: BetterTrades PO Box 311, Davin WV, 25617.
BetterTrades accepts bank wire transfers as a valid form of payment. If you would like to use a wire transfer to pay for your order, please contact BetterTrades at 1-800-676-4410 and place an order by phone. Please allow at least one business day for the processing of your wire transfer as processing time varies among banking institutions and wire transfers can be delayed due to institution policies.
For payments by check, money order or wire transfer, BetterTrades must receive your payment within 30 calendar days or BetterTrades will cancel your order.
Shipping Policy
Orders paid by credit card, money order or wire transfer are typically shipped after 3 business days and orders paid by check may take up to 15 business days to ship. The estimated shipment date on your order is based on product availability, payment processing time, and warehouse processing time and does not include transit time. BetterTrades does not begin payment processing until BetterTrades receives all of the information that it needs and full payment or a full authorization, in the case of credit card, checks, cashier checks and money orders. BetterTrades will begin payment processing for orders placed on weekends or holidays on the next business day. Business days are Monday through Friday, excluding federal holidays.
In the U.S.: All orders placed for regular DVDs will ship free. UPS standard delivery with delivery confirmation is offered by BetterTrades at NO CHARGE. Standard delivery is available to all 50 United States. All orders to P.O. Box are shipped via the U.S. postal service.
Overnight shipment (for delivery within the 48 continental states) of an order is available at extra cost. Your order for in-stock items that are eligible for same-day shipping must be received before 2:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time, paid by credit card and pending payment processing, with adequate remaining time in the day for your order to be dispatched. Visit BetterTrades.com or call customer care agent to set up overnight shipment.
International: Shipping costs for overseas delivery will be provided at the time you place your order. BetterTrades does not guarantee the shipping time for overseas shipment.
Overnight shipping is not available on products shipped from outside the United States.
Undeliverable Packages: Occasionally packages are returned to BetterTrades as undeliverable. When the carrier returns an undeliverable package to BetterTrades, please contact BetterTrades to make arrangements for reshipment.
Failed Delivery Attempts: Most carriers make three attempts to deliver a package. After three delivery attempts, the carrier will return the package to BetterTrades.
Subscription Products
To get access to one or more of our premium subscription-based services you will need to purchase them at our on-location class or by visiting www.bettertrades.com or by calling customer service.
Subscription products are sold for one-year terms (unless otherwise expressly stated).
There are no cancellations and refunds on subscription products.
Subscription products are renewable (usually for additional one-year terms), and we provide you with information about the renewal process. For certain subscription products, we offer you the right to renew your subscription at the original subscription price, so if the price rises during the course of your subscription, you may maintain your subscription at the original price. These offers require that you renew your subscription before it expires, and if you let the subscription expire, you may not renew at the original price.
Also keep in mind that if you do not renew a subscription product, when your access is terminated, information you may have created and stored (e.g., charts) may not be stored. If you do not renew but later determine to re-subscribe, you may not have access to the prior information you created and stored.
Certain subscription products are provided by license from third parties who also may terminate related services if the subscription product is terminated. These related products are described at the time you purchase a subscription product.
Returns & Refunds
All BetterTrades’ products are non -returnable and non-refundable.
In the event a DVD or CD is defective and/or cracked during shipping, you can contact customer service at 1-800-676-4410. We will ship you the exact DVD/CD the same day if the request came before 2:00 pm EST. Along with the new DVD or CD, we will also send a return to sender envelope with pre-paid postage, which you can use to send us back the damaged DVD or CD. If the damaged DVD or CD is not returned within 14 business days, BetterTrades will charge you the full amount for the new DVD or CD.
The Market Essentials Triple Tuition Guarantee
BetterTrades offers a guarantee for purchasers of its Market Essentials instruction course. If our strategies do not net three times your tuition within six months of your purchase of the Market Essentials course, we’ll refund your tuition.* To qualify, you must trade the BetterTrades risk-management strategies presented in the Market Essentials course exclusively for six consecutive months from date of enrollment, averaging six funded and closed options trades per month (combination trades count as one trade) over the six months. There is no minimum balance required in your brokerage account, and there is no minimum amount required per trade. If you don’t net at least three times your student tuition amount, just send us a notarized original copy of your previous six months of brokerage statements within seven months of your date of enrollment. You may call 1-800-676-4410 for mailing address prior to the expiration of the Guarantee period. BetterTrades does not offer any tuition or other guarantees for any other products.
*A full tuition refund is not available for persons that are financing the Market Essentials course using BetterTrades’ financing option. Qualified requests will be issued a refund for student’s down payment, in addition to the total amount of monthly payments made during the guarantee period, less same period interest charges, less $250.00 processing fee, and the remainder of the finance agreement will be terminated.
Technology Costs
Many BetterTrades’ products are accessible through the Internet and require that you have a computer and modem or comparable access lines. You acknowledge and agree that, to the extent necessary for you to access products which are made available through the Internet, it is your responsibility to provide all equipment, including a computer and modem, necessary for you to establish a connection to the Internet; to provide all commercially available standard software necessary to connect with our products; provide for your own connection to the Internet; and pay any costs and fees associated with your equipment, software and connections to the Internet.
BetterTrades Terms of Use
Proper Use
BetterTrades’ products are owned and operated by Long Term – Short Term, Inc. in conjunction with others pursuant to contractual arrangements. BetterTrades’ products are intended for use solely by the individual that accesses our website or, in the case of BetterTrades products offered for sale, by the individual that has purchased the product. You may access and use the materials provided in BetterTrades’ products, and download and/or print out a copy of the materials, solely for your personal use. You may not allow another person to use your access codes and you may not allow or facilitate multiple users using the same access code to obtain BetterTrades’ products.
BetterTrades’ products include the information provided on this website, written materials that you may receive from us, and courses and presentations obtained from us, whether in-person or through electronic access (through the website or, for example, on DVD). You are granted a limited, non-exclusive, personal, non-assignable and non-transferable license to use BetterTrades’ products in exchange for you agreement to these Terms of Use and other applicable terms provided to you when you obtain BetterTrades’ products. We can revoke your access to BetterTrades’ products if you violate applicable terms, without limiting our other legal and equitable remedies. To provide you with BetterTrades’ products we may permit you to access our computer systems, certain databases and services, documentation, software, and data which also are owned by us, but to which we are not granting you any rights. You do not acquire any ownership rights by using any BetterTrades’ product. Ownership of bettertrades.com website and related websites and other BetterTrades’ products remain with Long Term – Short Term, Inc.
Intellectual Property Rights
BETTERTRADES®, the BetterTrades’ shield logo and other trademarks used with BetterTrades’ products, including the bettertrades.com website, are owned by Long Term – Short Term, Inc., its Affiliates or third parties. You may not use or reproduce such trademarks without written permission from BetterTrades’ or other applicable trademark holder. You may not use any metatags or other hidden text which incorporates BetterTrades’ trademarks or BetterTrades’ products. The design, text, graphics, pictures, information, data, sound files, video files and other materials and content, and the selection and arrangement thereof in the BetterTrades’ products are the proprietary property of Long Term – Short Term, Inc. BetterTrades.com and other websites owned by Long Term – Short Term, Inc., including the look and feel of such sites may not be copied or imitated. You may not reproduce, store, sell, distribute, publish, broadcast, circulate, market, license, adapt, commercially exploit or in any way transfer the BetterTrades’ products or allow or facilitate third persons attempting to do so. You may not republish, publicly display, upload, post, transmit, distribute or time-share BetterTrades’ products. You may not modify, adapt, translate or create any derivative works from BetterTrades’ products. You may not use any data mining, crawlers, spiders, robots or similar data gathering or extraction methods. You may not download, index or in any non-transitory manner store or cache any portion of the BetterTrades’ products. You may not remove, deface, obscure or alter any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices affixed to or provided with the BetterTrades’ products. You may not create a substitute or similar service or product through the use of or access to the BetterTrades’ product. Our rights, including intellectual property rights, are protected by United States and international trademark, copyright and other laws. We reserve all rights and remedies available to us and nothing in our Terms of Use is intended to limit our rights and remedies.
Security
To access some of the BetterTrades’ products, we require that you provide us with information about you. We are providing you with access to those BetterTrades’ products, in part, because you agree that the information you provide is accurate. In some instances you will also be given account numbers and access codes, such as a unique User Name and password. You are responsible for all activity conducted using your account numbers and access codes. If you have reason to believe that your account numbers or access codes are no longer secure, promptly change these numbers and codes by updating your account information, and immediately notify our customer service department by email at support@bettertrades.com or by telephone at 1-800-676-4410. YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING THE CONFIDENTIALITY OF YOUR USER NAME AND PASSWORD AND FOR ANY AND ALL ACTIVITIES (INCLUDING PRODUCT PURCHASES) THAT ARE CONDUCTED THROUGH YOUR ACCOUNT. Information that we collect from you, such as registration and credit card information, is subject to our privacy policy. Please click here to see our Privacy Policy.
Disclaimer of Warranties LONG TERM – SHORT TERM, INC. AND ITS AFFILIATES PROVIDE THE MATERIALS AVAILABLE AT BETTERTRADES.COM AND OTHER BETTERTRADES’ PRODUCTS, "AS IS" AND WITHOUT REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, LONG TERM – SHORT TERM, INC. AND ITS AFFILIATES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, SPONSORS AND ADVERTISERS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ALL WARRANTIES RELATING TO THE ADEQUACY, ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY INFORMATION, PRODUCT OR SERVICES. LONG TERM- SHORT TERM INC. AND ITS AFFILIATES, THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, SPONSORS AND ADVERTISERS DO NOT WARRANT THAT YOUR USE OF ANY BETTERTRADES’ PRODUCTS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE, OR SECURE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT BETTERTRADES’ PRODUCTS, INCLUDING THE SERVERS ON WHICH WEBSITES ARE HOSTED ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED OR OTHER WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR OBTAINING AND MAINTAINING ALL TELEPHONE, COMPUTER HARDWARE AND OTHER EQUIPMENT NEEDED TO ACCESS AND USE INFORMATION, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, INCLUDING WEB SITES, AND ALL CHARGES RELATED THERETO. YOU ASSUME TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR YOUR USE OF AND RELIANCE ON BETTERTRADES’ PRODUCTS AND SERVICES. OPINION, ADVICE, OR STATEMENT OF LONG TERM- SHORT TERM INC., ITS AFFILIATES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, SPONSORS AND ADVERTISERS, WHETHER MADE ON A WEBSITE OR OTHERWISE, SHALL NOT CREATE ANY WARRANTY. YOUR USE OF BETTERTRADES’ PRODUCTS IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.
Limitation of Liability
NEITHER LONG TERM - SHORT TERM, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, SPONSORS OR ADVERTISERS ARE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR OTHER DAMAGES UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO ANY BETTERTRADES’ PRODUCT. YOUR SOLE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH ANY BETTERTRADES’ PRODUCTS IS TO STOP USING THEM. THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE MAXIMUM LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT—INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION—NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE) SHALL BE THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID BY YOU, IF ANY, FOR THE BETTERTRADES’ PRODUCT. APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Long Term – Short Term, Inc., its Affiliates and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, costs (including reasonable attorneys' fees), or other expenses that arise directly or indirectly out of or from (a) your breach of these Terms of Use or other terms applicable to your use of BetterTrades’ products; (b) any allegation that any materials that you submit to us or transmit to us infringe or otherwise violate the copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property or other rights of any third party; and/or (c) your activities in connection with any BetterTrades product.
Termination
Each of us can terminate our relationship with the other by discontinuing business with the other. For example, we may discontinue your access to BetterTrades’ products in the event you are violating the Terms of Use. However, our rights and remedies under these Terms of Use, including our intellectual property rights, indemnification and limitation of liability, and any other agreement will continue to apply and survive the termination of the relationship. Upon termination, we may disable your access to some or all BetterTrades’ products, including if you have violated these Terms of Use. Upon termination, you will not have access to your account or files or other content accessible through your account or a BetterTrades’ product. For example, upon termination certain BetterTrades’ products which permit you to make and store charts, the charts stored in such products may be deleted and residual copies of such charts may not be retained. If you re-activate your account or repurchase or renew a product, there is no assurance that content you have created will have been stored and be available to you.
Miscellaneous
These Terms of Use and any other agreement between BetterTrades and you is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada, United States of America, without regard to principles of conflicts of law. You agree to personal jurisdiction by the federal and state courts located in Nevada, United States of America, and waive any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objection to such courts. If any provision of our agreements is found to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. These Terms of Use and any other agreements are not assignable, transferable or sub-licensable by you.
If Long Term – Short Term, Inc. takes any action to enforce the Terms of Use or any other agreement with you, without limiting any of its other legal or equitable rights and remedies, you shall pay the costs incurred by it in connection with such action, including reasonable attorneys’ fees.
DISCUSSION FORUMS
Submissions and Postings By sending or transmitting to us suggestions, ideas, notes, concepts, information, or other materials (collectively, "Materials"), or by posting Materials to any area of our websites, you grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, sublicensable (through multiple tiers), assignable, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable right to use, reproduce, distribute (through multiple tiers), create derivative works of, publicly perform, publicly display, digitally perform, make, have made, sell, offer for sale and import such Materials in any media now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without compensation to the provider of the Materials. None of the Materials disclosed in any forum on our web sites shall be subject to any obligation, whether of confidentiality, attribution, or otherwise, on our part and we shall not be liable for any use or disclosure of any Materials.
Discussion Forums Information provided in discussion forums may be provided by third parties (e.g., students) not connected with BetterTrades, some of whom may use anonymous screen names. People may post messages or make statements that are inaccurate, misleading, or deceptive, whether intentionally or unintentionally. We neither endorse nor are responsible for any opinion, advice, information, or statement made or displayed by third parties, nor are we responsible for any errors or omissions in such postings, or for hyperlinks embedded in messages.
The opinions expressed by others are solely the opinions of those persons, and do not reflect the opinions of the BetterTrades or any of its Affiliates. We have no obligation to monitor discussion forums, or any other materials that you or other third parties transmit or post on or to our websites. Under no circumstances will BetterTrades or its Affiliates be liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on information obtained in discussion forums. We have the right (but not the obligation) to monitor our web sites and the materials you transmit or post; to alter or remove any such materials (including, without limitation, any posting); and to disclose such materials and the circumstances surrounding their transmission to any third party.
CODE OF CONDUCT While using any BetterTrades’ product, you agree not to:
Restrict or inhibit any other visitor or member from using any BetterTrades’ product, including, without limitation, by means of "hacking" or "cracking" or defacing any portion of any Bettertrades.com websites;
Use any BetterTrades product for any unlawful purpose;
Express or imply that any statements you make are endorsed by us;
Transmit (a) any content or information that is unlawful, fraudulent, threatening, harassing, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene or otherwise objectionable, or infringes on our or any third party's intellectual property or other rights; (b) any material, non-public information about companies; (c) any trade secret of any third party; or (d) any advertisements, solicitations, chain letters, pyramid schemes, investment opportunities, or other unsolicited commercial communication (except as otherwise expressly permitted by us);
Engage in spamming or flooding;
Transmit any software or other materials that contain any virus, worm, time bomb, Trojan horse, or other harmful or disruptive component;
Modify, adapt, sublicense, translate, sell, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any portion of any Bettertrades.com websites or to otherwise violate any of our rights relating to our ownership and provision of our website or other BetterTrades’ products;
Remove any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices contained in a Bettertrades.com web sites;
"Frame" or "mirror" any part of Bettertrades.com websites;
Use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application, or other manual or automatic device or process to retrieve, index, "data mine," or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of any BetterTrades’ product or its contents;
Harvest or collect information about visitors to or members of Bettertrades.com; or
Permit anyone without an account or subscription to use any BetterTrades’ product through your subscription, user name or password.
While using BetterTrades’ products you agree to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations.
Log Into BetterTrades