http://www.solwayfeeders.com/terms/
Go to content
Go to navigation
Sign in
GBP (£)
EUR (€)
USD ($)
Basket (0)
HomeAboutMembershipsContactRequest a BrochureNews and adviceHandy tipsGame AttractantsGame BirdsGeneral News Gun DogsIncubationPoultrySmallholdingsVermin ControlDeliveryReturnsClearance Sale
Poultry & Game Feeders
Poultry & Game Drinkers
Vermin Control, Lamps & Torches, Batteries & Chargers
Housing, Incubation & Brooders
Plucking & Crowning Machines
Processing & Wrapping
Health, Hygiene & Bird ID
Electric Fencing, Netting and Pen Construction
Gamekeeping Accessories
Pigeons, Gardening and Wild Birds
Outdoor & Leisure
Footwear and Clothing
Featured products
Special offers
New products
Clearance Sale
General terms and conditions
This site is owned and operated by Solway Feeders Ltd ("Solway Feeders", "we" or "us"). Trading office: Solway Feeders Ltd., Main Street, Dundrennan, Kircudbright, Scotland, DG6 4QH . Registered company number: SC154989 Vat No: 652 3777 21, Registered office at 123 Irish Street Dumfries DG1 2PE. If you want to ask us anything about these terms & conditions or have any comments or complaints on or about our website, please email us at mail@solwayfeeders.co.uk or call us on 01557 500 253.
Privacy policy gdpr 2018
To review our latest Privacy Policy click here.
Ownership of rights
All rights, including copyright, in this website are owned by or licensed to Solway Feeders. Any use of this website or its contents, including copying, publishing or storing it or them in whole or part, other than for your own personal, non-commercial use is prohibited without the permission of Solway Feeders. You may not modify, distribute, publish, reproduce or re-post something on this website for any purpose.
Accuracy of content
Solway Feeders has taken every care in the preparation of the content of this website, in particular to ensure that prices quoted are correct at time of publishing and all products have been fairly described. However, orders will only be accepted if there are no material errors in the description of the goods or their prices as advertised on this website. All prices are displayed inclusive of VAT. The dimensions and capacities given are approximate only. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Solway Feeders disclaims all warranties, express or implied, as to the accuracy of the information contained in any of the materials on this website. Solway Feeders shall not be liable to any person for any loss or damage which may arise from the use of any of the information contained in any of the materials on this website.
Damage to your computer
Solway Feeders makes every effort to ensure that this website is free from viruses or defects. However, we cannot guarantee that your use of this website or any websites accessible through it won't cause damage to your computer and software. It is your responsibility to ensure that the right equipment is available to use the website and screen out anything that may damage it.
Solway Feeders shall not be liable to any person for any loss or damage which may arise to computer equipment as a result of using this website.
Password/account security
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account and any activities that occur under your account. Solway Feeders shall not be liable to any person for any loss or damage which may arise as a result of any failure by you to protect your password or account.
Availability
All items are subject to availability. We will inform you as soon as possible if the goods you have ordered are not available by emailing you.
Catalogue Accuracy
Every care has been taken to ensure that all prices and descriptions in our product catalogue are correct. In the case of error you will be given the opportunity to cancel your order. We apologise if this is the case.
Acknowledgment and acceptance of your order
If you have supplied us with your email address, we will notify you by email as soon as possible to confirm receipt of your order. Our acceptance of your order will take place upon dispatch of the product(s) ordered.
Exclusions of liability
Any disclaimers and exclusions of liability in these terms & conditions shall not apply to any damages arising from death or personal injury caused by the negligence of Solway Feeders or any of its employees or agents or fraud. These disclaimers and exclusions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Scottish Law. If any provisions of these disclaimers and exclusions shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable then that provision shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
The aggregate liability of Solway Feeders shall be limited to the amount of the order from which the liability arises.
Other legal notices
There may be legal notices on other areas of this website which relate to your use of this website, all of which will, together with these terms & conditions govern your use of this website.
Changes to legal notices
We reserve the right to change these terms & conditions from time to time and you should re-read them each time you use this website.
Law, jurisdiction and language
This website, any content contained herein and any contract brought into being as a result of usage of this website are governed by and construed in accordance with UK Law. All contracts are concluded in English.
These terms and conditions do not affect your legal rights.
Need Help?
Call us on +44 (0)1557 500 253 Or send your enquiry
View special offers
View new products
Request brochure
Get the Newsletter
SitemapTermsPrivacyDeliveryReturnsCookies
Registration no: SC154989Registered at: 123 Irish Street, Dumfries DG1 2PE
Bespoke ecommerce by Mercurytide
www.solwayfeeders.com
would like to store information (cookies) on your computer.
By continuing to use this site, you consent to this.
More info