https://www.rizues.com/privacy-policy/
All Enquires Call: 0345 257 0001
Currency:
GBP
EUR
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Notice
The Organisation responsible for the processing of your personal information is The Rizues Limited. This means that we are a 'data controller' under the General Data Protection Regulation also known as 'GDPR'. This privacy Notice will help you to understand how we collect, use and protect your personal information. If you have any queries about this Privacy Notice or how we process your personal information, please contact the Data protection Officer by email at
dpo@rizues.com
or by post: Data Protection Officer, The Rizues Limited, Quayside, Salts Mill Road, Shipley BD18 3ST. We are committed to preserving the privacy of all visitors to www.rizues.com and businesses or individuals which engage in business activities with The Rizues Limited.
By registering your interest in any offering on, or placing an order from information on, or via, this site, you consent to the collection, use and transfer of your information under the terms of this policy.
INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT FROM YOU
When you order products or services you will be asked to provide certain information about yourself which will include all or some of the following: your name, telephone and/or fax numbers, address and sometimes credit or debit card information. We may also collect information about you from opt-in or registration options, e-mails or letters you send to us or telephone calls to us.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
Your information will enable us to supply the goods or services you have requested. It will also enable us to bill you and to contact you where necessary concerning your orders. We will also use and analyse the information we collect so that we can administer, support, improve and develop our business.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
The information you provide to us will be held on our computers both in the UK and (using appropriate agency services) abroad and accessed by or given to our staff working within the UK. Those parties process information, fulfil and deliver orders, process invoices and payments and where appropriate credit and on our behalf. We will only disclose this information to third parties for the purposes of validating your credit status.
Finally, if our business enters into a joint venture with or is sold to or merged with another business entity, your information may be disclosed to our new business partners or owners.
Unless required to do so by law, we will not otherwise share, sell or distribute any of the information you provide to us without your consent.
COOKIES
Cookies are small amounts of information, which we sometimes store on your computer. Unless you have indicated your objection when disclosing your details to us, our system may issue cookies to your computer when you log on to the site. Cookies make it easier for you to log on to and use the site during future visits. They also allow us to monitor website traffic and to personalise the content of the site for you. You may set up your computer to reject cookies using internet preferences on your web browser although, in that case, you may not be able to use certain features on our site. If you do not wish to receive cookies in the future, please let us know.
SECURITY AND DATA RETENTION
We employ security measures to protect your information from access by unauthorised persons and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage. We will retain your information for a reasonable period or as long as the law requires.
We will keep information, which we hold about you up to date.
ACCESSING AND UPDATING
You are entitled to see the information held about you and you may ask us to make any necessary changes to ensure that it is accurate and kept up to date. If you wish to do this, please contact us. We are entitled by law to charge a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes to our privacy policy in the future will be posted to the site and, where appropriate, through email notification.
CONTACT
All comments, queries and requests relating to our use of your information are welcomed and should be addressed to the addresses, or by telephone to the numbers, shown on our “Contact Us” page on this site.
E-MAILS
We will not email you in the future unless you have given your consent.
However, we will email you in reply to your emails to us or in response to “optin” boxes etc.
We will not pass on your email address except as mentioned above under “Disclosure of your Information”.
FURTHER INFORMATION
Should you have any issues or questions with regard to privacy/data protection please contact dpo@rizues.com or telephone +44 (0)1274 355855.
Email Signup - Signup to receive latest news and offers:
Signup
Further Information
Rizues
About Us
News
Contact
Find Us
Industry
Industry
Healthcare
Beauty & Salon
Cleaning & Hygiene
Business & Clerical
Hospitality & Catering
Site Services
Profession
Profession
Nursing Care
Domicilliary Care
Therapy
Pharmacy
Dentistry
Veterinary
Admin Staff
Security Staff
Ethics
Ethics
Ethical Sourcing
Equality Policy
Sustainability Policy
Carbon Footprint
Corporate Services
Corporate Services
Emblem Application
Consultancy
Specialist Packaging
Contract Management
Design & Development
Manufacture
Quality Control
Catalogue
Catalogue
View E-catalogue
Download Catalogue
Request A Catalogue
Help
Help
Order Form
FAQS
Delivery
Refunds & Returns
Easy Fitting Guide
Garment Care
Account Application
Standard Terms
Consumer Terms
Privacy Policy
We accept the following
©
Rizues