https://www.accelout.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Accelerated Outsourcing collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the www.accelout.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Accelerated Outsourcing.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personal identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Accelerated Outsourcing may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Analytics Tools
We use analytics tools and other third party technologies, such as Google Analytics and DoubleClick Cookies, to collect non-personal information in the form of various usage and user metrics when you use our online Sites and/or Services. These tools and technologies collect and analyze certain types of information, including cookies, IP addresses, device and software identifiers, referring and exit URLs, onsite behavior and usage information, feature use metrics and statistics, usage and purchase history, MAC Address, mobile unique device ID, and other similar information.
The third party analytics companies who collect information on our Sites and/or Services and other online products and/or services may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other websites and/or other online or mobile products and services relating to your activities across their network of websites as well as online and/or mobile products and services. Many of these companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.
In addition to our use of technologies as described herein, we may permit certain third party companies to help us tailor advertising that we think may be of interest to you based on your use of TechSmith Sites and/or Services and to otherwise collect and use data about your use of TechSmith Sites and/or Services. For more information about this practice, please see the “Third Party Advertising Technologies” section below.
You may opt out of the DoubleClick cookie by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page or you may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics opt-out page.
Google has additional information available about their Remarketing Privacy Guidelines, Policies, and Restrictions.
Changes to this privacy policy
Accelerated Outsourcing has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Accelerated Outsourcing
www.accelout.com
Accelerated Outsourcing, Inc. 39 Mountain Street, Bristol, VT 05443
(404) 351-3382
This document was last updated on March 19, 2013
Categories
News
Recent Posts
The Importance of Mainframe Optimization
Developing A Plan To Deal With The Mainframe Skills Shortages
10 Year Multi-Billion Dollar Mainframe and Infrastructure Outsourcing Agreement
Web And Mobile Application Utilization Increasing On The Mainframe
3 Compliance Strategies For Your Mainframe Applications
Archives
May 2019
June 2016
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2013
August 2013
July 2013
June 2013
May 2013
April 2013
March 2013
Navigation
Home
Benchmarking Services
Vendor Selection
Outsourcing Cost Calculator
Blog
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
© 2016, Accelerated Outsourcing Inc. All rights reserved.
Website by Webzio
Contact Contact us
Accelerated Outsourcing
(404) 351-3382
Georgia
Florida
Vermont
facebook
twitter
google
Download our FREE Executive Guide!
Name*Company Email*
PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
x
Scroll to top