http://www.sirennet.com/terms?section=4
call - 503-670-4700 7:30 AM to 4:00 PM PST Monday through Friday
Home
Terms
Terms and Conditions
About SIRENNET.COM
All merchandise sold on this site is new. SIRENNET.COM® does not sell used equipment.
SIRENNET.COM was developed to assist professionals throughout the U.S. in purchasing emergency vehicle
equipment.
Many products sold on this site require expertise in the automotive, mechanical and/or electrical
disciplines for proper installation.
All merchandise sold on this site is warranted by the manufacture, not by SIRENNET.COM.
This web site is intended for adult commercial use only. Children under the age of 18 are not eligible
to make purchases from this site.
Contact us with questions at info@SIRENNET.COM
Legal
Conditions of UseWelcome to www.sirennet.com. MCLE Corp., and its affiliates provide their services
to you subject to the following conditions. If you visit or shop at MCLE Corp affiliated websites you accept
these conditions. Please read them carefully.
CopyrightThe design of the Site, the Site as a whole, and all materials that are part of the Site
(collectively, 'Contents') are copyrights, trademarks, trade dress or other intellectual properties owned,
controlled or licensed by SIRENNET or its subsidiaries and affiliates. Any use of the Contents without
SIRENNET’s express written consent is strictly prohibited. THIS SITE IS REGISTERED WITH THE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS,
AND THEREFORE IS ELIGIBLE FOR STATUTORY DAMAGES AND ATTORNEY’S FEES IN COURT ACTIONS ALONG WITH THE AWARD OF
ACTUAL DAMAGES AND PROFITS. SIRENNET REGISTRATION NUMBER: 3688358. SIRENNET.COM REGISTRATION NUMBER:
2426654.
Restrictions on the Sale of Specific ProductsLaws and codes regarding the use of emergency
warning devices vary greatly within the United States. Some items are restricted in one jurisdiction and may not
be in another. Selected products and color variations are restricted to Law Enforcement and Emergency Personnel
only. When you place an order with us for a restricted item you are stating that you are authorized to make such
a purchase and that you are in compliance with all local, state, and federal laws concerning the purchase and/or
use of that product.
Oregon residents: State law prohibits the purchase of emergency warning equipment except amber lighting by
non-authorized entities.
Restrictions of Sale
Laws and codes regarding the use of emergency warning devices vary greatly within the United States. Some items
are restricted in one jurisdiction and may not be in another. Selected products and color variations are
restricted to Law Enforcement and Emergency Personnel only. When you place an order with us for a restricted
item you are stating that you are authorized to make such a purchase and that you are in compliance with all
local, state, and federal laws concerning the purchase and/or use of that product.Oregon residents:
State law prohibits the purchase of emergency warning equipment except amber lighting by non-authorized
entities.
Warranty
Just like our return policy, we make your warranty issue not an issue. Simply contact us at (888) 959-0911
or info@sirennet.com and we will make sure you get your defective
product handled without stress and in a timely manner. In some instances we may need to direct you to the
manufacturer for your defective product, if this is the case please be aware that we are always here to help you
in case you need us.
Please note
that warranty repaired/replaced products do not have a renewed warranty period. For example, if your item
has a 5 year warranty and you receive a replacement after 3 years, your replacement will have 2 years of
warranty remaining.
Shipping
SIRENNET.COM ships via UPS, Pilot Airfreight and the US Postal Service.
Heavy and/or oversized items such as consoles, prisoner transport seats, screens, truck racks and traffic
control devices will incur additional freight charges. Standard shipping charges do not apply to these items. In
these cases a sales representative will contact you with the actual freight charge for your order.
FREE SHIPPING: From time to time SIRENNET may offer free shipping promotions.
We reserve the right to use an alternate shipping carrier than the labeled choice selected during checkout for any free shipping promotion.
WE WILL
EXPORT ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD. For orders shipping outside of the United States of America, a sales
representative will contact you with freight options and associated charges.
Returns, Exchanges and Special Order Items
Returns/Exchanges:
If we made an error in the ordering processes, we will do everything in our
power to correct the mistake as efficiently as possible.
Please note that the following return and exchange policy
applies only to retail customers who make purchases online through Sirennet.com.
If you don’t love what you purchased, don’t worry. Sirennet.com has a simple, hassle-free return policy.
Simply contact us either by phone (503) 670-4700 or by email at info@sirennet.com to get a return merchandise authorization (RMA)
number. All returned products must be in new condition and in the original packaging with all accompanying
components. Products that are in a condition other than new will not be refunded. All orders, except those
noted in the “Special-Orders and Custom-Built Products”
section below, will be refunded or credited, less the original shipping charge and less a restocking fee,
based on the following:
25% Restocking Fee - RMA request sent before 30 days
from the date of shipping
Once a Return Merchandise Authorization is issued:
RMAs will expire after 7 business days (product must be post-marked
and shipped back during this time).
We will send a copy of the refund receipt for your record.
Please note that bank processing times vary.
Special-Orders and Custom-Built Products:
Because of the nature of these products, they are not returnable.
Please take all precautions when ordering and don’t hesitate to contact us with any questions you may have prior
to ordering. We want you to be satisfied with your purchase!
Defective/Warranty Product:
While warranty issues and defects never happen at a convenient time, we strive to make the process hassle free
as possible. Simply contact us at (503) 670-4700 or info@sirennet.com and we will make sure you get your defective product
handled without stress and in a timely manner. In some instances, we may need to direct you to the manufacturer
for your defective product. In any case, we will be here to help you through the process.
Terms of Sale
SIRENNET.COM RESERVES THE RIGHT NOT TO ACCEPT OR PROCESS ANY ORDER PLACED ON OUR WEBSITE.
By placing an order on this site you agree to release Sirennet.com from any and all liability associated with
the use of the equipment purchased. In addition, you release Sirennet.com for any and all liability for the for
the loss of use, loss of profit, inconvenience, property damage, personal injury or death arising out of breach
of warranty, breach of contract, delay, negligence, strict tort liability or otherwise.
All international orders are sold "as is" and warranties are not covered beyond the boundaries of the 50 U.S.
states.
*Special Order, or Custom items are not returnable unless the item is defective upon receipt. Defective
strobe power supplies must be returned to the factory for repair.*
SIRENNET.COM will not issue credit on any equipment that has been installed, used or returned in a non
re-saleable condition.
Product Pricing
Some product pictures may be shown with additional options. All product dimensions are approximations; please
see factory spec sheets for exact measurements. Prices shown are subject to change at any time. While we strive
for accurate pricing sometimes errors can occur. In such cases we reserve the right to not honor pricing on
typographical errors.
Please contact us for quotes on bulk purchases.
(See the "Request Quote link at the top of this page)
Privacy Policy Statement / Use of Information
SIRENNET.COM is committed to the security of our customers while they are visiting our online store. We endeavor
to provide our customers with a simple means of purchasing via the Internet. The process of placing an order
requires specific information (name, addresses, phone numbers, account numbers, credit cards) that ensures the
order will be processed quickly and correctly.
When you provide either personal or departmental information we will in no way give or sell that
information to any outside company or individual for its use in marketing or solicitation. We will maintain the
confidentiality of your information while using it to support your relationship with SIRENNET.COM. We hope to
provide a site that provides quick and efficient information to fulfill our customer's needs. Our intention is
to send e-mail, faxes, and catalogs only to those customers that wish to be notified of new products and
pricing. If a customer wishes to be removed from these lists you have the right at any time to discontinue these
services.
The website offers the latest encryption technology so that any information transmitted via the Internet
is fully protected. SIRENNET.COM has developed a comprehensive process to handle any questions that you may have
with your online privacy. We also support the establishment of external programs for consumer recourse, such as
the development of the Better Business Bureau (BBB) Online (BBB
Online®).
Secure Shopping
SIRENNET.COM uses secure servers to protect your personal information. SIRENNET.COM supports industry standard
encryption. When you enter your credit card number into the order form, it is transmitted across the Internet in
an encrypted (scrambled) form and not decoded until we receive it.