http://www.tofurky.com/privacy-policy
0
Store Locator
Your details.
On lock-down.
The Tofurky Company, Inc has a firm commitment to protecting your privacy. We do not share or sell the information to third parties.We may collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, information on what page consumers visit and information volunteered by the consumer.The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded. We use this information to improve the content of our web pages, used to notify consumers about updates to our site, and with permission, to communicate with our consumers for marketing purposes.We include links to other sites to improve your web site experience and to help you stay informed. The Tofurky Company, Inc is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these sites.OwnershipThis site is owned and operated by The Tofurky Company, Inc and, unless otherwise noted, The Tofurky Company, Inc owns the copyright in all materials provided here. No material from this site may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any manner or form except as explicitly provided below. Modification of the materials or use of the materials for any purpose other than those purposes explicitly permitted below is a violation of The Tofurky Company, Inc copyright and/or other proprietary rights. The use of any materials from this site on any other website or networked computer environment is prohibited.TrademarksThe trademarks and service marks used or displayed on this site are registered and unregistered Trademarks of The Tofurky Company, Inc unless otherwise noted. Nothing in this Site should be construed as granting — by implication, estoppel, or otherwise — any license or right to use any trademarks displayed on the site without the express written permission of The Tofurky Company, Inc or the trademark owner.You may not use The Tofurky Company, Inc’s logos as a “hot” link to any other site unless the establishment of such a link is approved by The Tofurky Company, Inc in advance and in writing.Single Copy LicenseYou may download one copy of the information contained in this website (the “Materials”) on a single computer for your personal, non-commercial internal use only. This is a revocable license, not a transfer of title, and is subject to the following restrictions: You may not (a) modify the materials or use them for any commercial purpose, or any public display, performance, sale or rental; (b) decompile, reverse engineer, or disassemble the materials; (c) remove any copyright, trademark registration, or other proprietary notices from the materials; or (d) transfer the materials to another person.Contacting the Privacy Protection Team or Web ManagerIf you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site or your dealings with The Tofurky Company, Inc you can contact us by mail, phone, or e-mail at:Consumer ServicesThe Tofurky CompanyPO Box 176Hood River, OR 97031Phone: 1-800-508-8100E-mail: info@tofurky.com
GET THE SCOOP, SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER.
Email*