http://www.ridgwaypm.com/privacy-policy.html
Home About Us Custom Powder Metal Services RpM Product Examples Photo Gallery Contact Us
Custom Powder
Metal Services
Advantages of the PM
Process Materials Tolerances Industries Served Design Considerations
RPM Product
Examples
Powder Metal Manufacturing of an Adjusting Nut Powder Metal Manufacturing of Hammer Drill Gears Powder Metal Manufacturing of a Driver Pulley Hub Powder Metal Manufacturing of a Clutch Shoe
Tweet
Privacy Policy
Ridgway Powdered Metals, Inc respects your privacy and our site visitors' information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.
Information Collected
If you request or submit information to us by sending an Email via sales@ridgwaypm.com or by filling out a "contact" form, we may save your Email address as well as any other information you provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, Email, or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your Email and other information will not be sold to any third party.
Information Collected by Others
This notice addresses only Ridgway Powdered Metals, Inc's website policy, and does not apply to sites that users access via links from our site. Ridgway Powdered Metals, Inc is not responsible for the information collecting policies of other sites, for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, or for the information or content contained therein. Often, links to other websites are provided solely on the basis that they may contain useful information for our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.
Cookies
Ridgway Powdered Metals, Inc's website does not use cookies.
Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information
If you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an Email with "Remove personal information" in the subject line.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
Ridgway Powdered Metals, Inc may disclose information when legally compelled to do so: when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires us to do so or for the protection of our legal rights.
Periodic Policy Changes
Please note that Ridgway Powdered Metals, Inc reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.
This policy statement is made in the name of Ridgway Powdered Metals, Inc and is effective as of June 18, 2013. This statement does not create an agreement between Ridgway Powdered Metals, Inc and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.
Contact Us:
Ridgway Powdered Metals, Inc,
6931 Ridgway
St. Marys Road
Ridgway, PA 15853
Phone: 814.772.5551
Fax: 814.772.1492
Email: sales@ridgwaypm.com
Website: www.ridgwaypm.com
Site created by Thomas Web Solutions   © 2013 Ridgway Powdered Metals Inc., All Rights Reserved