https://www.networx.com/privacy
Last updated on January 30, 2020
This Networx™ Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") applies to the Web sites owned and operated by Networx Systems, Inc. ("Networx," "we," "us" or "our") as listed below as well as to the Services and the Interactive Services (as defined below). If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us first at privacy@networx.com or at (888) 612-8043.
You agree to this Privacy Policy, in its entirety, when you: (a) access the Site; (b) utilize the  Networx search tool ("Networx Search") in order to obtain listings ("Listings") regarding a variety of home repair/construction businesses, professionals, venues, products and/or services (collectively, "Services") as offered and provided by the third party business entities and professionals featured on the Sites (collectively, "Service Professionals"); (c) access articles, blog posts, discussions, feedback and/or other content on the Sites (collectively, "Content"); (d) utilize the Sites’ many interactive features designed to facilitate interaction between you, Networx, Service Professionals and other Site users including, but not limited to, blogs, comment sections, reviews, the ProLive™ video communications service (the “ProLive Service”) and question and answer options located in designated areas of the Sites (collectively, "Interactive Services"); (e) register to submit a Listing of your Services; and/or access links to our social media pages on third party social media websites, such as Facebook®, Google Plus® and Twitter® ("Social Media Pages," and together with the Site, Networx Search, Listings, Content, Interactive Services, Employment Application Services and Social Media Pages, the "Networx Offerings").
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY IN ITS ENTIRETY, YOU SHOULD NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE Networx OFFERINGS OR SERVICES.
PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION COLLECTED
We collect Personal Information from three types of users:
"Visitors" users who access our Site but do not sign up for Services but may access Content.
"Customers" users who use our Site and use our Services or use Interactive Services and provide Content to the Site.
"Vendors" users from Service Professionals that are approved by us or seek to be approved by us to provide their services to Customers.
"Personal Information" means information or a set of information that identifies or could reasonably be ascribed to or be used by or on behalf of us to identify an individual or household. Personal Information does not include information that is encoded, anonymous, aggregated or publicly available information that has not been combined with non-public Personal Information.
We collect your personally identifiable information such as your name, email address, location and phone number when you register on the Site in order to utilize the various Networx Offerings. We may also collect your personally identifiable information when you otherwise agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, but do not complete the applicable registration process in full. The personally identifiable information that you must provide on the applicable registration forms and/or in connection with your request for Networx Offerings may include, depending on the applicable Networx Offerings requested, all or some of the following: (a) your first and last name; (b) your e-mail address; (c) your primary, mobile and/or business telephone number; (d) the category applicable to your inquiry (where searching for a Listing); and (e) any information you submit related to projects you are seeking a Service Professional for.
If you are a Vendor we may also collect; (f) your company name; (g) your company’s address; (h) categories that apply to your company’s business practices, if applicable; (j) any licensing information you provide (k) criminal background checks; (l)at your option, your business profile and link to your company’s website; (m) any other information requested on the applicable registration form.
Usage History
If you are registered with us as a Customer, submit a request Vendor services through  the Networx Offerings or use our other Services or are a Vendor receiving requests from Customers on our Site or Services, we collect your usage history ("Usage History’)
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time, we may request information from users via surveys or contests such as name and e-mail address for either Customers or Vendors, or both. Participation in these surveys and/or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice as to whether or not to disclose this information. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring and/or improving the use and satisfaction of the Networx Offerings.
Blogs/Forums/Interactive Services/Social Media Pages
If you are a Customer use any Social Media Pages, blogs or any other Interactive Services forum, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information that you submit in these forums can be read, collected and/or used by other users of these forums (depending on your privacy settings, in the case of Social Media Websites), and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. Customers will have to register before providing their own Content and we collect your name, user name and email address and location. We also track what Content you upload.  We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information that you choose to make public when you submit in these forums. To request removal of your personal information from our Interactive Services forums, contact us at privacy@networx.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Feedback
If you choose to submit feedback regarding any Service Professional or Prospective Employer on any of the Sites, we will ask for your name and rating of the entity for which you are providing feedback. Your name will be displayed as you submitted it, and other users of the Site may view your name as submitted. If you do not wish to display your last name, please just submit your first name or first name and last initial along with your feedback.
Facebook Connect® or other OpenID® provider
You can log in to some of our Sites using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect® or an Open ID® provider. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you with the option to share certain personal information with us, such as your name and email address, in order to pre-populate certain registration forms. Services like Facebook Connect® give you the option to post information about your activities on the Site to your profile page that will be accessible by others within your Facebook® network.
Tell-A-Friend
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about the Site, we will ask for your friend's name and e-mail address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time e-mail inviting him or her to visit the Site. Networx stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time e-mail and tracking the success of our referral program. Your friend may contact us at privacy@networx.com to request that we remove this information from our database.
ProLive Service
If you choose to use the ProLive Service we will collect your name and telephone number and will record the audio and video communications that take place through the ProLive Service (collectively, the “ProLive Data”).
The ProLive Data will be available to the Vendor with whom you communicate through the ProLive Service and that Vendor will be able to download, store and use all such ProLive Data.
Any Vendor’s use of such ProLive Data is subject to the Vendor’s privacy policy and Networx will have no ability to control, and no responsibility for, any Vendor’s use or mis-use of such ProLive Data.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Networx does not share, sell, rent or trade your personal information with third parties other than as disclosed within this Privacy Policy.
Informed Consent to Be Contacted by Telephone
By registering on a Site, you agree that such act constitutes an inquiry and/or application for purposes of the Amended Telemarketing Sales Rule (16 CFR §310 et seq.), as amended from time to time (the "Rule") and applicable state do-not-call regulations. As such, notwithstanding that your telephone number may be listed on the Federal Trade Commission’s Do-Not-Call List, and/or on applicable state do-not-call lists, we (and designated Service Professionals) retain the right to contact you via telemarketing (where you supply your telephone number to us) in accordance with the Rule and applicable state do-not-call regulations.
In addition, where you provide "prior express written consent" within the meaning of the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (47 USC § 227), and its implementing regulations adopted by the Federal Communications Commission (47 CFR § 64.1200), as amended from time-to-time ("TCPA"), you consent to receive telephone calls, including artificial voice and pre-recorded messages and/or calls delivered via automated technology, to the telephone number(s) that you provided, from us and designated Service Professionals. You understand and agree that this consent applies even if your telephone number is a wireless number. You further acknowledge and agree that you are not required to consent to the above stated terms to gain access to the Networx Offerings.
Do Not Call Policy:
Networx has also adopted and adheres to other policies that comply with applicable Federal Trade Commission, Federal Communications Commission and State laws/regulations.
If you do not want to receive non-informational calls from us, you can ask us to place your telephone number(s) on our Internal Do Not Call List by:
Sending a written request to us at the below address, emailing us at privacy@networx.com or calling  us at (888) 612-8043
Networx, Inc.3399 Peachtree Road NEAtlanta, Georgia 30326
Any such request shall be required to include, at minimum, your telephone number and name. If you have multiple telephone numbers, please be sure to include all numbers that you would like included on our Do-Not-Call list in your request. Any phone call, e-mail or any other form of communication used to confirm receipt of your Do-Not-Call request will not be deemed to have violated this policy. Your request will be honored within thirty (30) days of the request in compliance with federal and state laws. You can request, and we will provide, a copy of our Internal Do Not Call Policy by contacting us in accordance with one of the foregoing methods and making such request.Most Do-Not-Call laws allow businesses and other entities to make telephone solicitations to certain consumers regardless if their number may appear on a Do-Not-Call list. Generally, these exceptions apply to (1) businesses with an "Established Business Relationship" with the consumer; (2) a consumer who has specifically consented to allow the business to call them; (3) charitable organizations; and (4) political entities. Networx may contact consumers that fall within these exceptions based on information received from each client.
Networx Search/Service Professional Matching
By submitting your personal information as a Customer on the Site in connection with your use of the Networx Search tool, you agree that: (a) we may share such personal information with Service Professionals that you request to be contacted by, or that otherwise meet your search criteria, in order to complete your request for Services; and (b) that the Service Professionals may use such personal information to contact you, and for any lawful purposes, subject to any restrictions contained herein. In addition, in the event we do not have any Service Professional in your service area, we may have other approved Fulfillment Partners ("Fulfillment Partners") that would be capable of fulfilling the Services requested by you that supplement our Networx Search network, and we may share your information with those Fulfillment Partners including but not limited to Empire Today, subject to contractual confidentiality restrictions, in order to attempt to provide the Services requested by you by and through the Networx Search tool. Any information that you supply to any Service Professional or Fulfillment Partner, as applicable, shall be governed by the applicable Service Professional’s or Fulfillment Partner’s privacy policy. Please be advised that Networx does not itself provide Services. The ultimate terms and conditions of any Services provided by any Service Professionals and/or Fulfillment Partners, as applicable, will be determined by those Service Professionals and Fulfillment Partners, respectively.
Submitting Listings/Removing Listings
To post a Listing on our Site we ask that you provide certain personal information. We use this information to contact you regarding adding your Listing on the Site. If you no longer wish to have your Listing appear on the Site, you may have your Listing removed at any time by either calling the customer service department at (888) 612-8043 or E-mailing privacy@networx.com.
Special Offers and Updates
We send all new registered users of the Networx Offerings a welcome e-mail. You agree that we may contact new and existing users of the Networx Offerings at any time, via e-mail or other means: (a) with updates and/or any other information that we may deem appropriate for you to receive in connection with your continued use of the Networx Offerings; and (b) with information regarding third party products, services, offers and/or promotions that we think might be of interest to you. Out of respect for the privacy of our users, we present the option not to receive these types of communications within the bottom of every e-mail sent by us; provided, however, that we do not have any control over the opt-out mechanisms or practices of any Service Professionals and/or Prospective Employers. If you wish to stop receiving future communications from us, you may also utilize the options set forth in the Opt-Out/Unsubscribe section below.
Customer Service/Administration of the Networx Offerings
We communicate with, and reply to, users on a regular basis to provide requested Networx Offerings, requested information, vendor or customer service/support and other Networx Offerings-related items via e-mail, fax, telephone and U.S. mail. Where you register to access any of the Networx Offerings, we use the personal information that you make available to personalize your experience with the Networx Offerings and for verification purposes. We may also use your personal information for internal business purposes, such as analyzing and managing our business or personnel training. We may also combine the information we have gathered about you with information from other sources.
We may also employ other companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf. Examples include sending direct and electronic mail, removing duplicate information from user lists, analyzing data and providing marketing analysis. The agents performing these limited functions on our behalf shall have access to our users’ personal information as needed to perform their functions for us but we do not permit them to use your personal information for other purposes.
INFERENCE AND USAGE IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION COLLECTED
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data tied to information about the user and stored on the user's computer. We use both session cookies, which terminate when a user closes his/her browser, and persistent cookies, which remain on the user's computer until manually deleted. We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate the Site. Persistent cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance and personalize the experience on the Site. We do not link the information we store in persistent cookies to any personally identifiable information that you submit while on the Sites.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf and to monitor certain pages of the Site for the purpose of reporting Web traffic, statistics, advertisement "click-throughs" and/or other activities on the Site. These companies employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is completely anonymous.
While we do not serve cookies to track advertising,  the ad publishers who serve these ads on our Site do.
Log Files
We collect log files regarding our users’ Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser types, Internet service providers (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform types, date/time stamps and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the Networx Offerings, track each user's movements in the aggregate and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Customer and Vendor Usage and Inferences.
Behavioral Tracking/Do Not Track
We may track end-users’ use of the Site in an anonymous, non-personally identifiable manner through cookies and other technology; provided, however, that we never link this information with personally identifiable information about any end-user. We also use Google Analytics on the Sites. The Google Analytics platform does not record personally identifiable information about end-users, but aggregate information and activity only. We do not permit third parties to conduct any behavioral tracking by and through the Site. Users can disable any Site-usage tracking by utilizing the "Do Not Track" or similar options within most major Internet browsers.
SHARING PERSONAL INFORMATION
In general, we may use the information we collect from our Application and the Site to provide services to you, and to:
Provide, maintain, protect, and improve the Services;
Provide the Services to you, including sharing your inquiries with Service Professionals as requested by you and to communicate with you about your use of the Services, inquiries or requests;
Protect our interests, or the interests of this parties; and
Perform any function we describe when you provide the information.
We use information collected from cookies and other technologies to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our Service and for any other lawful purpose that we choose.
When you use our Networx Search/Service Professional Matching Services, we will share your contact information with the Service Professionals and Fulfillment Partners necessary to put you in contact with them.
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about the Site, we will ask for your friend's name and e-mail address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time e-mail inviting him or her to visit the Site. Networx stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time e-mail and tracking the success of our referral program.
Third Party Advertisers
Third party advertisers display ads on our Site.  While we do not serve cookies, track advertisers or use the information from the cookies served, the ad publishers who serve these ads on our Site do.
If you would like to opt out of tracking: please do so through the following separate platforms:
Google Ads - Opt-Out - Google Ads Privacy Policy
Microsoft Advertising – Opt-Out - Microsoft Advertising Privacy Statement
Microsoft Privacy Dashboard
Facebook Ads- Opt-Out and Ad Controls – Facebook Privacy & Data Policy
National Advertising Initiative (NAI) Opt-Out
Please note that to the extent this advertising is integrated into our Site, you may still receive advertising content even if you opt out of tailored advertising. In that case, the advertising content will just not be tailored to your interests. Also, we do not control any of the above opt-out links and are not responsible for any choices you make using these mechanisms or the continued availability or accuracy of these mechanisms. If your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit this opt-out page, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different computer or change web browsers, your NAI opt-out may no longer be effective. Additional information is accessible by the above links.
We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those set out in this Policy. We will not sell, rent, or share Personal Information with third parties outside of our company without your consent, except in the following ways:
Law Enforcement and Internal Operations
Personal Information may be provided where we are required to do so by law (such as, but not limited to a government order or a subpoena), or if we believe in good faith that it is reasonably necessary (i) to respond to claims asserted against Networx or to comply with the legal process (for example, discovery requests, subpoenas or warrants); (ii) to enforce or administer our policies and agreements with users; (iii) for fraud prevention, risk assessment, investigation, customer support, product development and de-bugging purposes, including investigation of violation of our terms or agreements with others; or (iv) to protect the rights, property or safety of Networx, its users, business partners or members of the general public.  Moreover, you hereby consent to the disclosure of any record or communication to any third-party when Networx, in its sole discretion, determines the disclosure to be appropriate including, without limitation, sharing your e-mail address with other third-parties for suppression purposes in compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, as amended from time to time. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify users about law enforcement or court ordered requests for data unless otherwise prohibited by law. However, nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to any third-party request to compel disclosure of your information.
Business Transfer
Networx may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy.  Under such circumstances, Networx will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify its users if their Personal Information is to be disclosed or transferred and/or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Third-Parties
We sometimes contract with other companies and individuals to perform functions or services on our behalf, such as software maintenance, data hosting, payments processing.  We necessarily have to share your Personal Information with such third-parties as may be required to perform their functions. We do not store your payment or credit card information.
GENERAL PROVISIONS
YOUR CHOICES
Opt-Out/Unsubscribe
To opt-out of receiving e-mail advertising, SMS text-based marketing (where and to the extent permitted by applicable law), telemarketing and direct mail marketing from us, you can follow the instructions at the end of the applicable marketing message or email us at: privacy@networx.com.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may continue to contact you for the purpose of communicating information relating to your use of the Networx Offerings and to respond to any inquiry or request made by you. To opt-out of receiving Networx Offerings-related and inquiry response-related messages from Networx, you must cease utilizing the Networx Offerings and submitting inquiries to Networx, as applicable.
Updating, Deleting or Correcting Personally Identifiable Information
At your request, we will inform you of the categories of Personal Information we collect and what Personal Information we have on file for you. In addition, you may request we will remove and/or modify the personal information that you have provided to us, or that we have collected and we will comply with such requests to the extent permitted by law You may do so by making the change on our member information page, by e-mailing our customer support department at privacy@networx.com, or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below. We ask individuals to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests.  We will retain such Personal Information as is necessary to provide the Services and retain it for such periods as necessary to protect and defend against legal claims, as required by law or and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others or those that would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes).
We will retain your Customer Personal Information or Vendor information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you with access to the Networx Search tool and related Networx Offerings. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you with access to the Networx Search tool and related Networx Offerings as a Customer, please see the "Opt-Out/Unsubscribe" and/or "Updating, Deleting or Correcting Personally Identifiable Information" sections above.  If you are a Vendor and wish to remove your Personal Information, please contact us via this webform to request to be removed. We will continue to retain such Personal Information and other data as is required by law or necessary to defend against potential legal claims.
Please be advised that deleting your personal information will terminate your access to some or all of the Networx Offerings. If you wish to continue using the Networx Offerings, you may not delete the personal information that we have on file for you.
Please be further advised that, after you delete your personal information, residual copies may take a period of time before they are deleted from our active servers and may remain in our backup systems. In addition, this deletion will not change or delete personal information which may have already been shared with third parties, all as provided above in this Privacy Policy. You will need to contact the third parties that contact you directly to change your preferences regarding their use of your personal information.
Third Party Websites
Our Site may contain links to third-party owned and/or operated websites including, without limitation, websites owned and/or operated by Service Professionals and Prospective Employers. Networx is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. In some cases, you may be able to make a purchase through one of their third-party websites. In these instances, you may be required to provide certain information, such as a credit card number, to register or complete a transaction at such website. These third-party websites have separate privacy and data collection practices and Networx has no responsibility or liability relating to them.
Minors
Visitors under eighteen (18) years of age are not permitted to use and/or submit their personal information at our Sites. Networx does not knowingly solicit or collect information from visitors under eighteen (18) years of age. Networx encourages parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate and monitor the interactive activities of their children.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Networx reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a notice on the Site that we are changing this Privacy Policy. If the manner in which we use personally identifiable information changes, Networx will also notify users by: (a) sending notice of the modified policy to our users via email; and/or (b) any other reasonable means acceptable under applicable state and federal law. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner, and we will only use your information in this different manner where you opt-in to such use.
Security
We endeavor to safeguard and protect our users’ personal information. When users make personal information available to us, their personal information is protected both online and offline (to the extent that we maintain any personal information offline). The privacy of your personal information is very important to us.
Access to your personal information is strictly limited, and we take reasonable measures to ensure that your personal information is not accessible to the public. The servers that we store personal information on are kept in a secure physical environment. We also have security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of personal information under our control, including but not limited to using SSL encryption to transmit data, limited access to Personal Information requiring passwords and logged access. Please be advised, however, that while we take every reasonable precaution available to protect your data, no storage facility, technology, software, security protocols or data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Computer hackers that circumvent our security measures may gain access to certain portions of your personal information, and technological bugs, errors and glitches may cause inadvertent disclosures of your personal information; provided, however, that any attempt to breach the security of the network, our servers, databases or other hardware or software may constitute a crime punishable by law. For the reasons mentioned above, we cannot warrant that your personal information will be absolutely secure. Any transmission of data at or through the Site is at your own risk.
All of our users’ personal information is restricted in our offices. Only employees or third party agents who need personal information to perform a specific job are granted access to personal information. Our employees are dedicated to ensuring the security and privacy of all user personal information. Employees not adhering to our firm policies are subject to disciplinary action. In compliance with applicable federal and state laws, we shall notify you and any applicable regulatory agencies in the event that we learn of an information security breach with respect to your personal information. You will be notified via e-mail in the event of such a breach. Please be advised that notice may be delayed in order to address the needs of law enforcement, determine the scope of network damage, and to engage in remedial measures.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, or our privacy practices, please email us at: privacy@networx.com; call us at (888) 612-8043; and/or send mail to:
Networx Systems, Inc.3399 Peachtree Road NEAtlanta, Georgia 30326
Filing a Complaint with the Federal Trade Commission
To file a complaint regarding our privacy practices, please Click Here.
Related Links:
All About Contractor Leads
NOTICE FOR NEVADA RESIDENTS
Under Nevada law, certain Nevada consumers may opt out of the sale of "personally identifiable information" for monetary consideration to a person for that person to license or sell such information to additional persons. "Personally identifiable information" includes first and last name, address, email address, phone number, Social Security Number, or an identifier that allows a specific person to be contacted either physically or online.
We do not engage in such activity; however, if you are a Nevada resident who has purchased or leased goods or services from us, you may submit a request to opt out of any potential future sales under Nevada law by email to: NVprivacy@contractsafe.com Please note we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of the request. Once verified, we will maintain your request in the event our practices change.
SUPPLEMENTAL CALIFORNIA PRIVACY POLICY
This section solely applies to residents of California.
This California Consumer Act Privacy Notice ("CCPA Notice") applies only to "Consumers" as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"). Under the CCPA Notice, references to Personal Information applies to "Personal Information" as defined by the CCPA.
We may come into possession of Consumer Personal Information or share Consumer Personal Information and will treat such data in accordance with the CCPA to the extent we are required to do so.
While the specifics as to what "sale" of consumer Personal Information is, still unsettled at this time, we believe that do not disclose your Personal Information to any third party in a manner that would be considered a "sale" of Personal Information of consumers under the CCPA, we only disclose or share Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
We collect and share the following categories of Personal Information from the corresponding sources and for the corresponding purposes set forth in the table below.
CATEGORIES OF CALIFORNIA DATA COLLECTED
We collect the following categories of Personal Information from the customers and authorized users of our Service and website:
Categories of Personal Information Collected
Purpose of Use of Personal Information
Source of Collection of Personal Information
Categories of Third Parties With Whom we Share Personal Information
Purpose of Sharing Personal Information with Third Parties
Customers
Personal Identifiers
First/last name;
e-mail address;
primary, mobile and/or business telephone number;
Vendors
company name;
your company’s address;
at your option, your business profile and link to your company’s website; and/or any other information requested on the applicable registration form.
Criminal Background check information
Social Media
Providing matches for Networx Offerings, including to enable you to find a Fulfillment Partners and Service Professionals  to provide Services to you
Fixing and improving our services
Personalizing content
Marketing and advertising
Vetting Vendors
Administering surveys, sweepstakes, promotions, or contests
Communicating with you
Analyzing use of our services
Preventing, detecting, investigating, and responding to fraud, unauthorized access/use of our services, breaches or potential breaches of terms and policies
Running internal trainings of Networx personnel
Login authentication
You
Your use of our services and the automatic collection from you that your use prompts
People who know you (refer a friend)
Marketing Affiliates
Fulfillment Partners and Referrers
Contractors providing administrative and screening services
Social media logins
Fulfillment Partners
Service Professionals
Social media authenticators
Contractors that administer or support our operations
To match use of Networx Offerings you seek.
Authenticate login
Commercial information (such as transaction data)
Providing our services, including Networx Offerings
Fixing and improving our services
personalizing content
Marketing and advertising
Administering surveys, sweepstakes, promotions, or contests
Support and troubleshooting
Communicating with you
Analyzing use of our services
Preventing, detecting, investigating, and responding to fraud, unauthorized access/use of our services, or breaches or potential breaches of terms and policies
You
Your use of our Networx Offerings and the automatic collection from you that your use prompts
Affiliates,
Third Parties (Fulfillment Partners, payment processors, Referral Partners)
Fulfillment Partners
Contractors that administer or support our operations
Completing transactions for Networx Offerings
Consumer/Vendor Characteristics and Inferences
Articles accessed
Date/time and type Networx Offerings and Vendor services  used or requested
Providing our services, including Networx Offerings
Fixing and improving our services
personalizing content
Marketing and advertising
Support and troubleshooting
Communicating with you
Analyzing use of our services
Preventing, detecting, investigating, and responding to fraud, unauthorized access/use of our services, or breaches or potential breaches of terms and policies
Internet Usage Information
Customer service, fraud prevention, improvement of the Site and Services
You
Service Providers and law enforcement
Customer service, fraud prevention, improvement of the Site and Services
Sensory Data
(photos, recording of customer calls)
Delivering services requested by you; processing and managing interactions and transactions; publishing Content on forums, research & development; quality assurance; improving Networx services; security; fraud prevention
You
Service providers and Vendors
Contractors that administer or support our operations
Service providers and Vendors
Contractors that administer or support our operations
Law enforcement
Other Customers accessing forums
Delivering services requested by you; processing and managing interactions and transactions; Research and Development; quality assurance; security; fraud prevention
Advertising Behavior
Ad cookies (third party collection only)
Your activity on other sites and clicking on ads
Third party advertising publishers
Ad personalization and tracking
More details concerning the business and commercial purposes are set forth in the Use of Personal Information and Sharing Personal Information sections above. We may disclose the categories of personal information identified in this California Privacy Notice about our California consumers for our operational purposes where the use of such personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the operational purpose for which the personal information was collected or processed or for another operational purpose that is compatible with the context in which the personal information was collected.
Your California Privacy Data Subject Rights
If you are a California resident who is considered a "consumer" in your dealings with us, you may have certain rights. California law may permit you to request that we:
Provide you the categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed about you in the last twelve months; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information; and the categories of third parties with whom we shared personal information.
Provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you.
Delete certain information we have about you.
You may have the right to receive information about the financial incentives that we offer to you (if any). You also have the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising certain of your rights.
Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we need certain types of information so that we can provide the Services to you, to defend against legal claims, detect fraud for compliance with applicable law and other business operations purposes. If you ask us to delete certain information, you may no longer be able to access or use the Services.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please visit here or contact us at (888) 612-8043. You will be required to verify your identify before we fulfill your request. You can also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. To do so, you must provide us with written authorization or a power of attorney, signed by you, for the agent to act on your behalf. You will still need to verify your identity directly with us prior to responding to or complying with any requests.
RIGHT TO OPT OUT
To the extent we ever do "sell" Personal Information, you have the right to opt out of that sale.  if you would like to opt out of that sale, please feel do so via our webform, via email us at privacy@networx.com or call us at (888) 612-8043 and if we are required by law to comply with such request and subject to verification of your identity, we will do so.  Note that if you chose to use our Services again after requesting to opt-out, that will serve as a voluntary opt-in as we require use of your Personal Information to provide the Services.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS UNDER THE SHINE THE LIGHT LAW
Your California Privacy Rights –
If you are a resident of the State of California and would like to learn how your "personal information" (as defined in the Shine the Light Law, Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.83) is shared with third-parties, what categories of personal information we have shared with third-parties in the preceding year, as well as the names and addresses of those third-parties, please contact us at: privacy@networx.com or telephone us at: (888) 612-8043.
Further, if you are a resident of the State of California and would like to opt-out from the disclosure of your personal information to any third-party for marketing purposes, please contact us at: privacy@networx.com or telephone us at: (888) 612-8043. Please be advised that where California State residents opt-out from permitting their personal information to be shared, such individuals may still receive selected offers directly from us, in accordance with applicable law.
California Do-Not-Track Disclosure
Networx is committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected on our Platform for third party purposes. That is why we have provided links (above) to the NAI "Consumer Opt-Out" link, and a Google and Microsoft opt-out links. However, Networx does not currently recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do-Not-Track signals, as the industry is currently still working on Do-Not-Track standards, implementations, and solutions.