http://www.mertzfoto.com/index.php?view=privacy
FACEBOOK
Home Clients
Client Galleries
Log In
Create Account
My Cart
My Account
Checkout
Art Photos for saleCONTACT & BIO
MENU
MENU
Clients
Client Galleries
Log In
Create Account
My Cart
My Account
Checkout
Art Photos for sale
CONTACT & BIOHome
Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy sets out how Shawn Mertz Photography uses and protects any information that you give Shawn Mertz Photography when you use this website.
Shawn Mertz Photography is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
What we collectWe may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address & mailing address
demographic information such as postcode and preferences
IP address & browser data
other information relevant to order processing and/or offers
What we do with the information we gatherWe collect information about you to process your orders, manage your account and, if you agree, send you offers related to our products & services.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookiesA cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your system hard drive. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs and remember information about your preferences.
These cookies are necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas. However, these identifiers do not store any personal data.
Below are the cookies that may be used from our website.
PHPSESSID
Random value to start sessions
ms_session
A unique random identifier for user experience and actions such as saving contents of your shopping cart.
persid
An encrypted ID to automatically log you into your account if you choose the remember me option when creating an account or logging in.
vid
A visitor ID number used for our statistical system.
lv
The date of your last visit for our statistical system.
emview
Set if you have viewed our mailing list popup offer (value of 1). Required so it does not show to you each time you visit our site.
hasloggedin
Set if you have previously logged into your account (value of 1)
Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to our social accounts and/or other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
Controlling your personal informationWhen using parts of our website you may encounter forms to fill out with your email address or other personal information at which time you will have the option whether we may contact your pertaining to that form or event.
If you have created an account with us, you can update your account information at any time by logged into your account and using the My Account area.
If you wish to have your information removed from our system, you may email us at info@mertzfoto.com with your request and we will process that as soon as possible.
Sign up for email promotions.
Your information is safe with us and won't be shared.
no thanks
Thank you for signing up!
Close
Shawn Mertz Photography
Shawn Mertz Photography, Plum Borough, PA 412-607-0688, info@mertzfoto.com
©2020 All Rights Reserved.
Content may not be used without prior express written consent.
Made with Sytist
By continuing to browse or by clicking Accept Cookies, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device necessary to provide you with the services available through our website.
Accept   Privacy & Cookie Policy
Loading More Photos
Scroll To Top
Close | Clear All & Close
Close Window
Loading
Close