http://www.duracard.com/helpcenter/glossary
topSkip to main article content
Help Center
Glossary
Help Center
Contact Us
FAQ
Why Choose Duracard
Our Company
Customer Testimonials
What Our Cards Are Made Of
3 Questions To Ask Your Card Printer
About Magnetic Stripes
About Barcodes
About Writable Surfaces
Glossary
A
Access Control Card - Plastic card used to gain access to premises,
usually associated with magnetic stripe and proximity cards.
B
Bar Code - An array of machine-readable rectangular bars and spaces
arranged in a specific way defined in international standards to represent letters,
numbers, and other human-readable symbols.
Bleeds - Artwork that extends beyond the actual size of the card.
C
Combo Card - A standard CR80 card attached to 1 or more key tags
or a hanger.
CR50 Card - Luggage tag sized card (3 1/2" x 2 3/32" x .020).
CR80 Card - Standard credit card size (3 3/8" x 2 1/8" x .030).
D
Digital Imaging - Scanning or otherwise capturing images which
may be subsequently edited, filed, displayed or printed on a plastic card.
Dye Sublimation - An imaging method for transferring controlled
quantities of printer ribbon dye onto a plastic card, used in thermal printing.
E
Electronic Art - Graphics in a digital format to work with computer
design and imaging applications.
Embossing - Raised letters or numbers usually tipped in either
silver or gold foil.
Encoding - The process of electronically "writing" information
on magnetic stripes or smart card chips.
F
Foil Stamping - Hot stamp printing is achieved by using pressure
and heat to affix colored foil in to the plastic surface.
Font - A character set (alphabet and numerals) of a specified design
and size.
Four Color Process (CMYK) - Printing in full color using four color
separation negatives - Cyan, Magenta, Yellow, and Black. When blended, these four
colors reproduce only a small portion of all the colors found in nature, but they
can reproduce the widest range with the fewest inks when printing.
Fulfillment - The process by which the card is matched to a letter,
inserted into an envelope, metered and delivered to the post office. Personalization
is available using several different methods along with continuous form equipment
or individual piecework.
G
Gift Card - Standard CR80 or custom size card. Stored value is
placed on the card through the Point of Sales system using the magnetic strip or
bar code.
GIF (Graphics Interchange Format) - A bitmap image file that is
not recommended for print production due to its color limitations.
H
Half Tones - Dot system of color photos to black and white.
Hanger Card - A CR80 card that is attached to a piece of plastic
which can hang from a display.
Hologram - A unique photographic printing that provides a three-dimensional
effect on a flat surface. Holograms cannot be easily copied and are used for security
and aesthetic purposes on cards.
I
I.D. Card - Card which identifies both the bearer and the issuer.
All financial transaction cards are I.D. cards.
Image Capture System - A hardware and software system used to obtain
and save personal data and cardholder photographic images.
J
JPEG (file extension .jpg) - A very common form of image compression
file used. This type of file may be opened in many programs.
K
Key Card - Plastic card used to gain access to premises, usually
associated with magnetic stripe and proximity cards.
L
Lamination - The process of combining lamination material and core
material using time, heat and pressure.
Loyalty Card - Standard (CR80) or custom size card that have off
line accounting for capabilities such as mileage or merchandise purchases.
M
Machine-Readable - A code or characters that can be read by machines.
Magnetic Stripe - Magnetic material, applied as a strip in the
surface of a card, used to encode cardholder information.
Matte Finish - A non-glossy and writable finish that can be applied
to an entire side, or both sides, of a card.
Memory Card - A type of smart card. Also known as a synchronous
card, it features 256 bit or 32 byte memory and us suitable for use as a token card
or identification card.
Microprocessor Card - A type of smart card, also known as an asynchronous
card. Features 1 kilobyte to 64 Kbytes of memory and is suitable for portable or
confidential files, identification, tokens, electronic purse or any combination
of uses.
O
Overlay Varnish - A thin transparent layer applied to cards to
resist scratching and fading from exposure to UV radiation.
P
Personalization - Printing encoding and programming a card with
data specific to an individual cardholder.
Phone Card - A stored value card that allow the user to access
pre-paid long distance. The long distance is generally accessed via a PIN (stored
value), which is usually covered by a scratch-off panel for security.
PMS (Pantone Matching System) - Used by printers for color standardization.
Point of Sales (PoS) - The system which your business uses to process
transactions. The POS provider will be able to explain what types of barcodes, magnetic
stripes, or other options like RFIDs your system may accept.
PDF (Portable Document Format) - A file format created for document
layouts, not ideal for imaging.
Prepaid Card - A card paid for at Point of Sale, permitting the
holder to buy goods or services up to the prepaid value.
Print Ready Art - Complete art file that is ready to be put into
production.
Prox Card - Short for Proximity card; a form of contact-free smart
card used for access control applications. Embedded in the card is a metallic antenna
coil, which allows it to communicate with an external antenna. Because the cards
require only close "proximity" to a RF antenna to be read, they are also referred
to as contactless cards.
PVC - Polyvinyl Chloride. One of the materials used for plastic
cards with certain special features such as embossing or use in thermal printers.
R
Resolution - Dimension of the smallest element of a bitmap image.
Usually stated as dots-per-inch (dpi). 300 dpi is the minimum standard for printing
clear images.
S
Safe Design Area - The printable area in which important information
or images will be safe from being cut off, .125” from the edge of the plastic card.
Screen Tints - Determined by percentage of colors.
Signature Panel - The area of an I.D. card where the cardholder
enters a signature.
Smart Card/Contact Smart Card - Also called a "chip" card or IC
card. A plastic card with an embedded microchip, which may be used to store information
about the cardholder or record card transactions as they occur.
Swipe Packaging - Designed to hold a card with a magnetic stripe
for point of sale activation.
T
Teslin® - A durable plastic substrate made predominately of silica
manufactured by PPG Industries.
Thermal Printing - The process of creating an image on a plastic
card using a heated print head.
TIFF (Tagged Image File Format) - A flexible and common file format
for images that is widely accepted by image-manipulation software.
Y
YMC - Yellow, Magenta, and Cyan are the primary print colors for
cards. The three colors are combined in varying degrees to make a full spectrum
of colors. YMCKO is the same as YMC plus Black (K) and clear protective overcoat
(O).
Contact Us
Call800-318-3500
E-mailcustomerservice@duracard.com
Live Chat9am - 5pm EST