http://www.shiloh.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
Company
About Us
Leadership
Environmental, Health & Safety
Locations
Contact Us
Solutions
Brands
BlankLight®
CastLight®
StampLight™
Engineering and Technology
Products
Body Structure & Interior Systems
Chassis Systems
Powertrain Systems
Process Expertise
Advanced Engineering
Media
Media Releases
In the News
Fact Sheet
Image Gallery
Suppliers
Careers
Privacy Policy
Shiloh Industries, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: February 14, 2019
Shiloh Industries, Inc. and its affiliates (“Shiloh”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) recognize the importance of the protection of your privacy and your Personal Information (defined below), and we process your Personal Information in accordance with applicable data protection laws. In this Privacy Policy, we describe how we collect, use, and disclose information that we obtain about visitors to our website www.shiloh.com (the “Site”) and the services available through our Site (collectively, the “Services”).
We define “Personal Information” to mean personally identifiable information about an individual, such as a name, address, email address, phone number, or other identifier that permits direct or indirect identification of a specific individual, or as otherwise defined by applicable privacy and data security laws.
Personal Information We Collect
How We Use Your Information
Legal Basis for Our Processing of Your Personal Information
How Long We Retain Your Personal Information
How We Disclose Your Information
Data Transfers Outside the European Economic Area
Social Media Buttons
Cookies
Third-Party Analytics
Third-Party Links
Security
Children
California Do Not Track Disclosure
Your California Privacy Rights
Your European Privacy Rights
Data Controller and Contacting Us
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Personal Information We Collect
We collect Information about you directly from you, from third parties, and automatically through your use of our Site or Services.
Personal Information We Collect Directly From You. We will collect any Information that you voluntarily provide through our Site, such as your name, company name, email address, phone number, and comments when you use the Contact Us feature on our Site. We will also collect the Information you provide to us when you apply for a job through our Career Opportunities Form. For more information about the processing of Personal Information we collect for job application purposes, please see the Applicant Information Notice on each of our application forms, which are available via https://shiloh.com/careers/.
Information We Collect About You from Third Parties. We may collect certain Information about you from third parties, such as job applicants who list you as a job reference.
Personal Information We Collect Automatically Through Our Site. We automatically collect Personal Information through your use of our Site. This Personal Information may include, without limitation, your IP address, the type of browser you are using, a referring URL, other information contained in HTTP headers, device ID and other unique device identifiers, information about your operating system, settings and system configurations, the website that led you to our Site, the website to which you go after leaving our Site, your location, dates and times you access our Site, and other web logging data.
How We Use Your Information
We may use your Personal Information for the following purposes:
Providing Our Services. To provide our Services to you; to communicate with you, including via email, about your use of our Services; to respond to your inquires; and for other customer service and support purposes.
Marketing and Communications. To provide you with news and newsletters, special offers, promotions and other information we think may interest you; and for other informational, marketing, or promotional purposes.
Research and Analytics. To analyze how customers interact with our Site; to understand security trends across user devices; and for other research, analytical, and statistical purposes.
Protecting Rights and Interests. To protect our rights and interests as well as the rights and interests of our users and any other person. This includes, but is not limited to, monitoring and ensuring compliance with legal and regulatory requirements or as otherwise necessary in the course of judicial or administrative proceedings.
Legal Compliance. To comply with applicable legal or regulatory obligations, including, but not limited to, use in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory, investigative purposes (including disclosure of such information in connection with legal process or litigation) and informal requests from law enforcement or other governmental authorities.
Legal Basis for Our Processing of Your Personal Information
We process Personal Information for:
Providing Services to you based on your request.
Marketing and communication purposes based on statutory provisions or your consent as required by applicable law. In the latter case, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time (to “opt out”). You can opt-out by emailing dataprotection@shiloh.com or, in case of electronic direct marketing, by following the instructions in the communication.
Research and analytic purposes based on our legitimate interests in improvement and development of our products and services and where our interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
Protecting rights and interests based on legal obligations under EU or Member State law we are subject to or our legitimate interests to enable our business and where our interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
Legal compliance based on legal obligations from EU or Member State laws we are subject to.
How Long We Retain Your Personal Information
We will keep Personal Information for as long as necessary to provide the Services you have requested. Afterwards, we may retain data for an appropriate period to protect ourselves from legal claims, to administer our business, or to the extent permitted by applicable law, which may require us to hold your Personal Information for specific periods. We will delete your Personal Information when you withdraw your consent, if there is no other legal ground for further processing (e.g., a statutory obligation to retain your Personal Information), or when you object to the processing in accordance with “Your European Privacy Rights” (see below) or when we are obliged to delete it in accordance with an obligation under applicable law.
How We Disclose Your Information
We may disclose your Personal Information to the following third parties, in each case always only in accordance with applicable data protection laws
Affiliates. We may disclose your Personal Information to current or future affiliates or subsidiaries, meaning any company, corporation or other entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with Shiloh Industries, Inc., for research, marketing, and any other above mentioned purpose. Our affiliates and subsidiaries are located within the EU, the US, Mexico, and China (for Data Transfers Outside the European Economic Area see below). Each year, a list of our current entities (and their locations) with whom Personal Information may be shared is included in our latest 10K, filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and located on our Investors page.
Service Providers. We may disclose your Personal Information to our vendors, service providers, agents, or others who will process Personal Information on our behalf. Such service providers may include providers of website hosting, maintenance, identity checking, recruitment, etc.
Government Authorities/Law Enforcement Officials. Personal Information may be shared with government authorities or law enforcement officials if required for the purposes above, if mandated by law, or if required for the legal protection of our legitimate interests in compliance with applicable laws.
Security and Legal Compliance.
We may disclose your Personal Information to third parties when we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Data Transfers Outside the European Economic Area
When Personal Information received from individuals located in the European Economic Area is transferred outside the European Economic Area, appropriate safeguards (e.g., EU standard contractual clauses or Privacy Shield certification) will be used to ensure an adequate level of protection of your Personal Information. For further information on or to request a copy of the aforementioned safeguards, please email dataprotection@shiloh.com.
Social Media Buttons
On our Site, we use the following social media plug-ins: Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn. The plug-ins can be identified by the social media buttons marked with the logo of the provider of the respective social media networks.
We have implemented these plug-ins using the so-called two-click solution. This means that when you surf on our Site, Personal Information will initially not be collected by the providers of these social media plug-ins. Only if you click on one of the hyperlinks will your Personal Information be transmitted. By activating the plug-ins, data is automatically transmitted to the respective plug-in provider and stored by them (in the case of US providers your Personal Information will be stored in the USA).
Further information on the purpose and scope of data collection and its processing by the plug-in provider can be found in the respective data protection policies of these providers, where you will also find further information on your rights and options for privacy protection. You should carefully review the privacy policies of those websites for information on how they use your Personal Information.
Facebook Inc.
1601 S California Ave, Palo Alto, California 94304, USA
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Twitter, Inc.
1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, California 94103, USA
https://twitter.com/privacy
LinkedIn Corporation
2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, California 94043, USA
http://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Cookies
We use performance cookies to track visitor activity on our Site and to collect information on how people use our Site. A cookie is a text file that a website transfers to your computer’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. The cookie allows the server to uniquely identify the browser on each page. Cookies do not cause any harm to your computer and do not contain viruses. For example, we use Google Analytics cookies to help us understand how users arrive at, browse, or use our Site and to highlight areas where we can improve, such as navigation, website experience, and marketing campaigns. The data stored by these cookies never shows personal details from which your individual identity can be established.
Current versions of web browsers offer enhanced user controls regarding the placement and duration of both first-party and third-party cookies. Search for “cookies” under your web browser’s “Help menu” for more information on cookie management features available to you. You can enable or disable cookies by modifying the settings in your browser. You can also find out how to do this and find more information on cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org. However, if you choose to disable cookies in your browser, you may be unable to complete certain activities on our Site or to correctly access certain parts of it. If you would like more information about interest-based advertising, including how to opt-out of these cookies, please visit http://youronlinechoices.eu/.
Third-Party Analytics
Our Site uses Google Analytics, which is a web analytics service provided by the third-party provider Google, LLC. (“Google”). Google Analytics is used for the purpose of evaluating your use of our Site, compiling reports on Site activity, and other services relating to Site activity and internet usage. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Site is usually transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. This transfer is covered by Google’s Privacy Shield certification and a separate data processing agreement that we have concluded with Google. On this Site we have also activated the IP anonymization tool “gat._anonymizeIp();” provided by Google to help protect your privacy. This means that your IP address will automatically be shortened after it is collected so it can no longer be connected to you (see https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2763052.
For more information see https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245 (information on Google Analytics and data privacy).
Third-Party Links
Our Site and Services may contain links to third-party websites and applications. Any access to and use of such linked websites and applications is not governed by this Privacy Policy but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third parties. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third-party websites or applications.
Security
We strive to maintain the highest standards of security, and Shiloh has put in place robust technical and organizational measures for the protection of your Personal Information utilizing current state of the art technologies to protect your Personal Information against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. However, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. So, while we will do our best to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Site. Any transmission is at your own risk.
Children
Our Site is not targeted to children under 13 years of age and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 13. If we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will promptly delete such Personal Information from our systems.
California Do Not Track Disclosure
Our Site does not respond to Do Not Track signals. For more information about Do Not Track signals, please click here.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our Site visitors who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information about the Personal Information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us at dataprotection@shiloh.com.
Your European Privacy Rights
If you are in the European Economic Area, you may be entitled to ask us for a copy of your information; to correct it, erase or restrict its processing; or to ask us to transfer some of this information to other organizations. You may also have the right to object to some processing activities, such as the profiling we may perform for the purposes of direct marketing, and, if we have asked for your consent to process your data, to withdraw this consent. These rights may be limited in some situations – for example, where we can demonstrate that we have a legal requirement to process your data. In some instances, this may mean that we are able to retain data even if you withdraw your consent.
We strive to satisfy any questions you may have about the way Shiloh processes your Personal Information. If you have any concerns about how we process your data, or would like to opt out of marketing, please contact us at dataprotection@shiloh.com.
In the event you have unresolved concerns, you also have the right to complain to a data protection authority. The relevant data protection authority will be the supervisory authority located in the EU Member State that you reside in.
Data Controller and Contacting Us
The data controller for your Personal Information is
Shiloh Industries, Inc.
47632 Halyard Drive
Plymouth, MI 48170
The local point of contact is
Shiloh Industries AB
August Barks Gata 6B
SE-421 Västra Frölunda
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or the privacy aspects of our Site or Services, please contact us:
– Via regular post at Box 9071, SE-400 92 Göteborg, to the Attention of HR Manager
– Via e-mail at dataprotection@shiloh.com.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is current as of the Effective Date set forth above. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically. We will post any changes to this Privacy Policy on our Site.
Latest NewsMiddleground Capital Acquires Shiloh Industries, Inc.12/01/2020Shiloh Industries Receives 2019 GM Supplier Quality Excellence Awards06/24/2020Shiloh Industries Honored in Inaugural PACEpilot Awards04/27/2020Shiloh Industries Reaches New Sustainability Milestone04/22/2020Shiloh Industries Announces Two Additional Facilities With
100% Certified Renewable Electric Energy02/18/2020
Read More
Interested in learning more about our technology and innovations?
Be the first to know. Share your email address with us, and we’ll keep you updated.
Full contact form
Send