http://www.ja-int.com/terms/privacy-policy
J&A (International) Limited, Insignia House, Vale Road Industrial Estate, Spilsby, Lincolnshire, PE23 5HE. Telephone: +44 (0)1790 752757
J&A (International) Limited Group - Privacy Policy
Overview
Your privacy is extremely important to us so we want you to know exactly what kind of information we collect about you and
how we use it.
We've set out all the details below.
Please take the time to read and understand this policy. And bear in mind that by using our websites, or
contacting us by telephone or providing information to us you agree to its terms.
What information do we collect and when?
We only collect information that we know we will genuinely use.
We may collect:
All information you choose to submit to us. You can do that in a number of different ways:
By filling in forms, for example when you join the company.
By sending us emails and text messages (SMS or MMS).
By talking to us over the telephone. For example, when making a complaint.
By registering accounts on any of our websites including setting up passwords and preferred user names, contact details, account details, details of friends and relatives, your preferences.
(Important: If you submit details to us of any other person (e.g. a friend) please make sure you have their permission first.)
'Sensitive' information on you. And by 'sensitive' we mean information such as your racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs or other beliefs of a similar nature and your physical condition (e.g. if you're pregnant). We ask for a fair amount of this kind of detail in the forms you fill in, and you can choose whether or not you want to provide it.
Full details of the purchases you make on our websites. These include the time, date and location of purchase; the products; any relevant delivery address; relevant payment cards such as a credit or debit card.
Information on what you view, click on and access by way of our marketing emails and text messages (SMS or MMS), websites. We also gather this kind of information when you use our in-house WIFI networks to access the internet. We may collect the time and geographic location of your device when you do so. For websites, this information may also include where you came to our site from, and where you went when you left it. We also track how often you visit and use our websites. We do this via email and website cookies. We make cookie policies available on each of our websites to give you more detailed information on how we use them.
Technical information about the devices you use to access our websites. We also collect this detail when you use our in-house WIFI networks to access the internet. We specifically save each device's unique identifying codes (MAC address or IMEI number) device model, device name, relevant IP address, operating system and version, web browser and version, and geographic location.
Basic background information on you from government and other external sources. We also check the electoral roll to make sure any information we have remains reasonably accurate and, if necessary, to fill in any gaps.
Information from banking, credit card and credit reference agencies about your financial status. We also verify any payment card you use when shopping with us to see if it's been reported stolen, to check that we'll be paid for any transaction, and to reduce the risk of fraud (see below).
Information collected independently by online advertising networks (Google for example) through which we place advertisements. The information we get from them varies from network to network. It often summarises the actions of lots of people, and so does not allow us to identify you individually. It relates to what you view, click on and access through websites in their network, including the subject matter of the site you started at and which sites you go to after that. It may also include their analysis of your online behaviour across the wider internet and a profile of you. If you're not happy about this, you should look for 'settings' and Do Not Track options in online advertisements and in the privacy and cookies functions on your devices. You should also consider changing your settings to block third-party cookies in particular. J&A International Ltd does not control these cookies and we suggest you check these third-party websites for more information about the cookies they use and how you can manage them.
How do we use your information?
We use the information we collect for the following reasons:
To provide you with our websites, and in-house WIFI networks, which all require a certain amount of technical information to work properly.
To power our security measures and services so you can safely access our websites. It also lets us do things such as recognise your username and password, as well as reset them if you happen to forget what they are.
To help you purchase with us online. For example, we need to know your credit or debit card details so that we can take payment for the things in your shopping basket and provide you with a receipt.
To contact you from time to time regarding things you've told us you want to hear about; new products, for example.
To reply to any questions, suggestions, issues or complaints you have contacted us about.
To advertise products or services to you.
To tell you about any changes to our products, services and websites. For example, if we change this privacy policy.
To make a contract with you. But also to enforce a contract if you don't honour it, including the collection of any debts that we may be owed by you.
To check that you have (or are likely to have) the means to pay us for any products you order from us over the internet or telephone.
To monitor how people use our websites to see if they are being abused or threatened, for example, in review areas or by would-be hackers looking to undermine our security.
To protect you and our business from any other potentially criminal behaviour, including identity theft and fraud.
To help us maintain administrative and statutory records about our business so we can better understand what we've sold, and how, when, where and at what price, and pay our taxes.
To enable us (and our third-party service providers) to plan and manage our day-to-day business as effectively as possible, for example, to predict the possible sales volumes of a particular product so we can make doubly sure that we have sufficient stocks to meet the likely demand.
Who do we share your information with?
Your information may be disclosed to:
Our insurers and insurance brokers who provide us with comprehensive cover against the risks of running a business. (They may keep this information for the purpose of ongoing risk assessment and insurance broking and underwriting services.)
Credit reference agencies, who supply anti-fraud and credit-insight information to us.
Our professional advisors including our lawyers and technology consultants when they need it to give us their professional advice.
The Police, local authorities, Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs (HMRC), the courts and any other government authority if they ask us to do so (but only if us doing so is lawful).
Other people who make a 'subject access request', where we are allowed to do so by law. (See 'Managing Your Information' below for what we mean by a 'subject access request'.)
We may also share the information we collect where we are legally obliged to do so, e.g. to comply with a court order.
International Transfer of Your Information
Although we're based in the UK, we use suppliers from many parts of the world.
To allow us to run our business on this basis, the information we collect may on occasion be transferred to, stored and used at premises in other countries including the United States of America.
Naturally, we aim to ensure all our suppliers take information security as seriously as we do.
Even so, information protection laws can vary from country to country.
For instance, the law of the country in which you are resident or domiciled may offer a higher standard of protection than the laws in the UK and/or the other countries in which we store and use the information we collect. Any transfer of information we make to other countries could result in that information being available to their government and other authorities in those countries under their laws.
Security of your information
A lot of the information we receive reaches us electronically, originating from your device and then transmitted by your relevant telecoms network provider.
Where it's within our control, we put measures in place to ensure this 'in flight' data is as secure as it possibly can be.
And once it arrives, you can be sure we take the security of your information very seriously.
We use appropriate procedures and technical security measures to safeguard your information across all our computer systems, networks, websites, offices and stores.
Plus, we use secure means to communicate with you where appropriate, such as 'https' and other security and encryption protocols.
How Long Do We Keep Your Information For
To make sure we meet our legal data protection and privacy obligations, we only hold on to your information for as long as we actually need them for the purposes we acquired them in the first place (as set out above).
In most cases, this means we will keep your information for as long as you continue to be employed by us, or purchase from us,
or use our services, and for a period time afterwards.
After that we will either delete it or anonymise it so that it cannot be linked back to you.
Managing our marketing communications
You can contact us at any time using the details below and let us know exactly what you would like us to change.
Managing your information
To reduce the chances of an error or misunderstanding, we need to keep the information we gather about you accurate and up-to-date.
But whilst we work very hard to make sure mistakes don't happen, we need your help, too.
So if you have an online account with us, please ensure that the information you provide (e.g. any contact information) is correct and that you review it and update it regularly.
If you have reason to believe any of the information we collect on you may be inaccurate, and you are unable to put it right yourself through your online accounts with us, please contact us (see below for how to do this).
You are perfectly within your rights to ask us whether we hold information about you and if so, for us to give you certain details about that information and/or the information itself. This right is commonly known as a 'subject access request'. Certain exemptions and conditions apply to this right, principally that it should be in writing and that you give us reasonable details about the information you want.
Depending on your country of residence or domicile, you may have additional or different rights to those set out above concerning the information we collect from you and your devices. We will, of course, honour all such legal rights if we are bound by them.
We reserve the right to charge you a small administration fee to meet our costs in honouring your legal rights, where permitted by the relevant law.
We also reserve the right not to comply with any enquiries or requests we receive about the information we collect, where we may lawfully do so. For example, if we have reason to believe that a request is malicious, technically impossible, involves disproportionate effort or could be harmful to others.
If you have any worries or complaints about the way we use your information, please don't hesitate to get in touch with us. We'll do our very best to set your mind at rest or put things right. And if, for whatever reason, you feel we're not meeting the exceptionally high standards we expect of ourselves, you're within your rights to take your grievance to the UK Information Commissioner's Office (ICO).
And don't forget that with modern technology, you have more and more personal control over what information we and other organisations collect. For example, you can normally delete cookies and tracking technologies sent to your web browser. You can also change related settings to restrict them going forward, such as by using a private browsing mode (although this may affect your browsing experience on some websites). Plus, you can use the settings options in your mobile devices to restrict what sort of information websites are able to access and use about you. Online advertising networks, social media platforms and search engines (Google etc.) also provide tools to manage the data they collect about you, and how it is used and shared. We urge you to look out for these functions and tools and use them to manage your privacy in a way that suits you best.
Job applicants and current and former employees
If you apply to work at J&A (International) Ltd, we will only use the information you give us to process your application and to monitor recruitment statistics. If we want to disclose information to someone outside J&A (International) Ltd - for example, if we need a reference, plan to use an external supplier to run background checks or need to get a 'disclosure' from the Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) - we will make sure we tell you beforehand, unless we are required to disclose this information by law.
When recruiting for a post based in another country, J&A (International) Ltd will sometimes need to transfer your personal information to that country to progress the recruitment.
If you are unsuccessful in your job application, we will hold your personal information for 6 months after we've finished recruiting the post you applied for. After this date we will destroy or delete your information.
If you begin employment with us, we will put together a file about your employment. We keep the information in this file secure, and will only use it for matters that apply directly to your employment.
Once you stop working for us, we will keep this file according to our record retention guidelines. You can contact us to find out more about this.
If you apply for a job, volunteering opportunity, or work experience, we will also collect information so we can assess your suitability for the role.
Updates to this privacy policy
We review the ways we use your information regularly. And in doing so, we may change what kind of information we collect, how we store it, who we share it with and how we act on it.
Consequently, we will need to change this privacy policy from time to time to keep it accurate and up-to-date.
Whenever we change this policy, we will make every effort to tell you. That way, you can check to see if you're still happy. And if, following any changes, you continue to use our websites, contact us by telephone or otherwise provide information to us we will assume that you agree to those changes.
CCTV Information
CCTV is in operation at our premises in various locations.
All CCTV footage is captured for your security and for the prevention and detection of crime.
About Us
Our full legal name is J&A (International) Ltd
We're a limited company incorporated in England. Our registered company number is 1567572 and our registered address can be found at the top of this policy.
We are the 'data controller' of the information you provide us with. This term is a legal phrase used to describe the person or entity that controls the way information is used and processed.
We are registered under the Data Protection Act 1998 with the Information Commissioner's Office in the UK. Our registration number is Z9067886
Where to Go if You Want More Information About Your Privacy Rights
The Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) regulates data protection and privacy matters in the UK. They make a lot of information accessible to consumers on their website and they ensure that the registered details of all data controllers such as ourselves are available publicly. You can access them here https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/.
You can make a complaint to the ICO at any time about the way we use your information. However, we hope that you would consider raising any issue or complaint you have with us first to the Compliance Manager.
J&A (International) Limited, Insignia House, Vale Road Industrial Estate, Spilsby, Lincolnshire, PE23 5HE. Telephone: +44 (0)1790 752757