http://www.splenda.com/cookie-policy
Cookie Policy
Heartland Food Products Group Cookie Policy
LAST UPDATE: September 25, 2020
Heartland Food Products Group, LLC (“Heartland”) uses cookies to collect information about your online preferences. Cookies are small pieces of information sent by a web server to a web browser that allows the server to uniquely identify the browser on each page. We may use the following categories of cookies on our website(s). Where possible, we have noted your ability to disable a cookie or opt out of its use on our website.
Strictly Necessary or Essential Cookies A type of first-party cookie, these cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features. Without these cookies, some services you have requested, such as maintaining a record of your preferences or selections (such as a “shopping cart”) cannot be provided. These are a type of “session” cookie, which expire immediately or within a few seconds of you leaving the web browser. This category of cookies cannot be disabled.
Functionality Cookies A type of first-party cookie, these cookies remember choices you make such as the country from which you visit our website, your preferred language, and your search parameters. This information can then be used to provide you with an experience more appropriate to your selections and to make your return visits to our website more tailored to your preferences. The information in these cookies may be anonymised. These cookies cannot track your browsing activity on other websites. This category of cookies cannot be disabled, but can be cleared after each visit to our website(s).
Performance or Analytics Cookies These cookies collect anonymous information on how people use our website to help us understand how customers arrive at our site, browse or use our site and highlight areas where we can improve, such as navigation. The data stored by these cookies never shows personal details from which your individual identity can be established.
Targeting cookies or advertising cookies These cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising more relevant to you and your interests. These cookies are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign. Third party advertisers or advertising networks place these cookies. These cookies remember the websites you visit and that information is shared with other parties such as advertisers.
Flash Cookies Our use of Adobe Flash technology (including Flash Local Stores Objects (“Flash LSOs”)) allows us to, among other things, serve you with more tailored information, facilitate your ongoing access to and use of our websites, and collect and store information about your use of our websites. If you do not want Flash LSOs stored on your computer, you can adjust the settings of your Flash player to block Flash LSO storage using the tools contained in the Adobe Flash Website Storage Settings Panel available on the Internet. You can also control Flash LSOs by going to the Adobe Flash Global Storage Settings Panel available on the Internet and following the instructions (which may include instructions that explain, for example, how to delete existing Flash LSOs (referred to as “information” on the Macromedia site), how to prevent Flash LSOs from being placed on your computer without your being asked, and (for Flash Player 8 and later) how to block Flash LSOs that are not being delivered by the operator of the page you are on at the time). Please note that setting the Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of Flash LSOs may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applications, including, potentially, Flash applications used in connection with our websites or our online content
General
Of course, if you do not wish to have cookies on your devices, you may turn them off at any time by modifying your Internet browser’s settings. These settings are typically found in the “options” or “preferences” menu of your browser. However, by disabling cookies on your device, you may be prohibited from full use of the website’s features or lose access to some functionality. If you want to remove cookies that were placed on your device in the past, you can manually delete cookies at any time. However, this will not prevent our website(s) from placing further cookies on your device unless you adjust your settings as stated above.
For more information on how Heartland protects your privacy, please see our Privacy Policy.
This website uses cookies to provide you with the best experience possible. Read our Cookie Policy. If you consent to the use of cookies on this website, please click accept.ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non Necessary
non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Save & Accept