http://www.reliabilitydirect.com/terms.asp
Skip to content
Nav Menu 2
Nav Menu 3
Nav Menu 4
Nav Menu 5
Nav Menu 6
Nav Menu 7
Nav Menu 8
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.Minimum Order Size:
All Pricing is USD.
Manufacturers reserve the right to discontinue product or change their prices at any time.
Note for Extech Instrument products, their minimum order requirement is $79.99.
For Monarch Instruments products that involve same day shipping, there is a $25.00 expediting fee. Monarch Instrument has a $50.00 minimum purchase value on all orders.
Payment Terms:
Credit Cards: Reliability Direct, Inc. accepts Visa, MasterCard, and American Express. Domestic orders may be placed securely on-line or you may phone, fax or e-mail your credit card information. Information required includes Type of Card, Account Number, Expiration Date, Name as it appears on the Card, and Billing Address and Shipping Address.
Purchase Orders:
Reliability Direct, Inc. will accept purchase orders for Domestic USA orders and from Canada. Acceptance is pending review of your credit references and DUNS report. Accepted orders have firm payment schedule of Net 30 days and a minimum purchase order value of $250.00. A 1.5% per month, or 18% per annum penalty is assigned for all past due unpaid balances. We do not accept Purchase Orders from countries other than the USA or Canada. NOTE: We do not accept credit cards as form of payment when extending Net 30 day terms. ACH transfer or Checks only!
International Orders:
We gladly accept International Orders, however, the website is NOT designed to accept order on-line. You may place international orders by phone, fax, or e-mail to dgallagher@reliabilitydirect.com. If you desire, we will calculate shipping and provide a proforma invoice to you prior to placing the order. A handling charge will apply for special consular certification, export documentation or special packaging for sea freight. Buyer is responsible for taxes, tariffs, import duties, brokerage fees, etc. We urge you to investigate these fees before you place your order. We will not accept back or refund packages on the ground that you were not aware of these fee.
International Payment:
For all international countries other than Canada, term of payment is Wire Transfer. There is a $45.00 bank processing fee on all wire transfers. Please contact us with desired product, quantity, ship to address with postal code and we will provide a proposal for the correct wire transfer amount and our banking instructions.
Shipping:
Shipping is automatically calculated when ordering within the USA on-line. For all other orders, to properly calculate shipping, your complete ship to address with Postal Code is required. We utilize UPS for domestic shipments. We use FedEx, UPS, or DHL for International shipments. FOB: Shipping Point, freight prepaid. Title passes to buyer at vendor's dock. Buyer owns goods in transit. Buyer files claim (if any). Some items such as epoxy adhesives and paint markers are considered hazardous and can not be shipped Air Freight. Shipping fees are non-refundable. Shipping fees for international orders do NOT include any applicable taxes, tariffs, duties, etc.
Warranty & Returns:
Please note that product warranty and returns are governed by each particular manufacturer and vendor. All new Products are sold with the manufacturer's limited warranty. The warranty periods and service varies by manufacturer, vendor and specific product. Please contact us for information regarding any product warranty, or questions regarding potential product return to determine if applicable and obtain return authorization number and re-stocking fee if required. Note that we are NOT a rental company. Any instruments that indicate any signs of use will not be accepted for return. Items must be in original packaging, unopened, sealed, unused, and returned within 30 days from date of purchase. Shipping fees are non-refundable.
Disclaimer:
All information and Pricing provided on this Web site is subject to change without notice. While efforts have been made to make this Web site helpful and accurate, due to the open nature of this Web site, and the potential for errors in the storage and transmission of digital information, Reliability Direct, Inc. does not warrant the accuracy of information obtained from this Web site. All materials posted on this site are "As Is" and without warranties unless otherwise stated. Reliability Direct, Inc. disclaims all warranties including the implied warranty of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Reliability Direct, Inc. does not warrant that functions contained on this site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server are free of viruses or other harmful components. Reliability Direct, Inc. does not warrant or represent the use of the materials on this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise.
Copyright:
The entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Reliability Direct, Inc.. The collective work includes works that are licensed to Reliability Direct, Inc.. Copyright 2012, Reliability Direct, Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Reliability Direct, Inc. or purchasing Reliability Direct, Inc. products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Reliability Direct, Inc. or to purchase Reliability Direct, Inc. products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by Reliability Direct, Inc.. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.TrademarksAll trademarks, service marks and trade names of Reliability Direct, Inc. used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of Reliability Direct, Inc.Warranty DisclaimerThis site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Reliability Direct, Inc. disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Reliability Direct, Inc. does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Reliability Direct, Inc. does not make any guarantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.Limitation of LiabilityReliability Direct, Inc. shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if Reliability Direct, Inc. has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.Typographical ErrorsIn the event that a Reliability Direct, Inc. product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Reliability Direct, Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Reliability Direct, Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Reliability Direct, Inc. shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.Term; TerminationThese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by Reliability Direct, Inc. without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.NoticeReliability Direct, Inc. may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to Reliability Direct, Inc..MiscellaneousYour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of Texas, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of Reliability Direct, Inc. products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Galveston County, Texas. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of Reliability Direct, Inc. products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. Reliability Direct, Inc.'s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. Reliability Direct, Inc. may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.Use of SiteHarassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Reliability Direct, Inc. or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.Participation DisclaimerReliability Direct, Inc. does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, Reliability Direct, Inc. is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, Reliability Direct, Inc. reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Reliability Direct, Inc. in its sole discretion.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Reliability Direct, Inc., its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.Third-Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Reliability Direct, Inc. may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Reliability Direct, Inc., Reliability Direct, Inc. has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Reliability Direct, Inc.. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Reliability Direct, Inc. seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
Back to top