https://www.fashioncapital.co.uk/privacy-notice/
About
WHO WE ARE
THE TEAM
AWARDS
PRESS
ADVERTISE
SAMPLING & PRODUCTION
SHOP
OVERVIEW
The Fashion Studio
Atelier
The Factory
Design Services
CAD/CAM
FABRIC STUDIO
BUSINESS SUPPORT
Shop
OVERVIEW
MASTERCLASSES
OUR MENTORS
TOOLS OF THE TRADE
TIPS FROM THE TOP
ADVICE & SUPPORT
RETAIL SPACE
N17 Creative Callings
TRAINING
EVENTS
NEWS
Insights
Newsletters
Trends
Interviews
Ethical
Industry Practitioners
MEMBERS PORTAL
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice, Fashion Capital and Fashion Enter Ltd
What information do we keep about you?
We hold personal data about you that you have given us during the signing up process (for Newswire subscribers and members) or during the enquiry process (for customers and potential customers).
This data comprises:
For Newswire and Fabric Studio subscribers: your name and email address
For Members: your name, company name (optional), address (optional), phone number (optional), email address, payment card details (used by our payment processing provider only)
For Customers and potential customers: your name, company name and registration number (if applicable), VAT number (if applicable), address, phone number, email address, payment card details (used by our payment processing provider only)
What do we do with the information?
We lawfully process it, with your consent, as follows:
For newswire subscribers: to send you newsletters and  other information regarding fashion news items, plus events and courses that Fashion Capital is either running or involved in.
Additionally, for Fashion Capital members:  to send you communications relating to your membership and members’ services.
Additionally, for customers and potential customers of the Factory, the Fashion Studio and the Fabric Studio: to manage our commercial dealings with you, including: our contractual obligations, account management functions and financial/accounts functions, as well as keeping you informed of news, events and courses relevant to your business.
Please note that card payments are processed by our payment service provider who is contracted to meet the new General Data Protection Regulations. We do not keep card details.
These are the only purposes for which we use your data.
Why can we keep the information?
The legal basis for processing your data is our legal and contractual obligations and legitimate interest (communications and information relevant to the services requested or provided), as well as your consent when appropriate (e.g. for Newswire subscribers).
Who keeps your information, where is it kept and who can see it?
Our data manager for this data is Beth Davy-Day, who can be contacted by email on beth@fashion-enter.com or by telephone during normal working hours on 0208 809 3311.
Your data is kept on our computer and email systems and is password protected. It can only be viewed by our data manager, and personnel involved in or responsible for the communications listed above and in the management and running of our services.
We do not share this information with any other third parties unless required to do so by law, or in order to perform our legal or contractual obligations to you.
How long do we keep it?
We ensure your personal data is kept securely. It is deleted under the following circumstances: a) from our Newswire mailing list when you unsubscribe from the Newswire service; or b) from our membership list when you terminate your membership; c) from our customer records when requested by email or in writing to our data manager. We reserve the right to retain commercial and accounts information that we are obliged to keep by law or that we need to keep for our legitimate interest in running our business (such as accounts information and commercial records).
What are your rights?
Under the regulations you have various legal rights, including the following.
You have the right to:
see any data we hold about you free of charge
have inaccuracies in any data held about you corrected
have information erased (and forgotten by us), subject to retaining commercial and accounts information as described above)
prevent direct marketing to you by us
data portability (to be provided with an electronic copy of the data relevant to you)
complain to the regulator (ICO)
You may request to see the data we hold about you, or instruct us on any of these rights you wish to invoke, either by email (beth@fashion-enter.com) or by mail (addressed to: The Data Manager, Fashion Enter Ltd, Units 13&14, Crusader Ind. Est, 167 Hermitage Road, London, N4 1LZ). We will respond within 30 days.
You can also unsubscribe from our mailing list by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ button at the bottom the newsletters or emails that we send you. This will result in your data being automatically erased from the relevant mailing list.
Where to find us
FashionCapital
Unit 13 / 14 Crusader Estate
167 Hermitage Road
N4 1LZ
Directions: Nearest tube is Manor House on the Piccadilly Line. Please use exit 7, Green Lanes (North East Side). Walk time is approx 7 minutes from the tube. Alternatively, the nearest overground is Haringey Green Lanes. The 29 bus will also take you to Green Lanes. Car parking facilities are available on request
JOIN NOW
Get access to exclusive content, discounts and masterclasses.
JOIN TODAY
×
Search Form
Search for:
Close
×
BE IN THE KNOW
Sign up to our newsletter to get the latest industry news from us.
I have read and accept your privacy notice I have read and accept your privacy notice
Close