http://www.strategiccfo.com/privacy-policy
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
The Strategic CFO Privacy Policy updated May 25, 2018.
The Strategic CFO, LLC (“SCFO”) has created this statement to explain its Terms of Use/Privacy Policy as it relates to the usage of this website. Note that this policy is subject to change at any time and use of this site is subject to the most recent version of the Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not access this site. If you have any questions, or if you wish to provide updated contact information, please contact:
The Strategic CFO, LLC
2101 CityWest Blvd.
Houston, TX 77042
Telephone number: (832) 710-3105
E-mail: info@StrategicCFO.com
Privacy Policy
The following addresses how SCFO uses voluntarily submitted information gathered via this website, www.StrategicCFO.com.
Collection of Personal Information
SCFO collects your information in order to record and support your participation in the activities selected. Your e-mail address will only be used by SCFO. SCFO does not rent, sell or otherwise distribute information to anyone outside the SCFO organization. Please note that any information you post to a public bulletin board or chat room is available to all persons accessing that site.
All information collected by SCFO through contact forms, whitepaper download forms, and purchases are only used by SCFO for marketing purposes. The collected information helps segment audiences for weekly blog emails, company updates, coaching leads, and Short|LYST opportunities. It is determined necessary by SCFO’s Data Controller. This information is stored in Infusionsoft, a CRM.
The information at SCFO has for an individual may vary, but some of the personal data includes:
First Name
Last Name
Company Name
Phone Number
Email Address
Billing Address
Credit Card
Person type
History of Engagement (forms completed, emails sent, etc.)
If an individual unsubscribes to SCFO emails (via Infusionsoft), then SCFO will remove all contact information every quarter.
Data Removal
If an individual would like to remove their personal information, simply contact us via info@StrategicCFO.com.
Data Access
If an individual would like to access their personal information, simply contact us via info@StrategicCFO.com.
Data Update
If an individual would like to update their personal information, simply contact us via info@StrategicCFO.com.
Use of Cookies
SCFO’s website uses “cookies,” a small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a Web server and can only be read by the server that provided it to you. It functions as a source of identification, recording your passwords and preferences. It cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses.
Most browsers are set to accept cookies. If you wish, you can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, allowing you to decide whether or not to accept it.  While StrategicCFO.com uses cookies to track your visit to our website, and our Web servers automatically log the IP/Internet address of your computer, this information does not identify you personally, and you remain anonymous unless you have otherwise provided StrategicCFO.com with personal information.
Pixels
SCFO’s website uses a Facebook Pixel.
Site/Registration Forms
StrategicCFO.com’s website utilizes registration forms for most programs it offers. These forms require users to provide relevant contact, attendance, method of payment and demographic information. It may be used to contact you when necessary. Payment information is used to process registrations and collect payment for events, workshops and seminars. This information is transmitted via a secure website transaction.
Security and Passwords
www.StrategicCFO.com maintains a secure process to collect, transmit and store your personally identifiable information and to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under SCFO’s control. You may review or change account information at any time by contacting us at: info@StrategicCFO.com.
You shall be responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password. SCFO urges you to keep your password in a safe place and not to divulge it to anyone, and to sign off your account and close your browser window when you have finished your visit to the site. This ensures that others cannot access your account, especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place such as a library or Internet cafe. If you have reason to believe a breach of your account security has occurred, please notify SCFO promptly at info@StrategicCFO.com.  Your screen name, password and right to use the Site and its content are not transferable.
Links to External Sites
www.StrategicCFO.com contains links to external websites that are not controlled by StrategicCFO.com or the SCFO. SCFO and www.StrategicCFO.com are not responsible for privacy practices or the content of these external websites.
GDPR
Data Protection Officer (DPO)
Dan Corredor
President of The Strategic CFO
dcorredor@strategiccfo.com
Data Controller
Lauren Jefferson
Director of Marketing
ljefferson@strategiccfo.com
Data Processor
Infusionsoft
CRM
Data Breaches
If there are any data breaches within SCFO’s systems, SCFO will report it within 72 hours to the local authority. This report will include the data lost, the consequences, and the measures taken to resolve the breach and prevent future breaches. SCFO will also report the breach to the individual whose data was lost.
Terms of Use and Conditions
Acceptance of Terms
SCFO has created this Web site (the “Site”) containing information, documents, and products (collectively, the “Materials”) and various services operated by www.StrategicCFO.com, for your use, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this document (the “Terms of Use”). By accessing or using this Site, which includes your access to or use of any of the Services, you agree to the Terms of Use.
www.StrategicCFO.com reserves the right to change or discontinue any aspect or feature of the Site, including, but not limited to, content, hours of availability, and equipment needed for access or use, and to change the Terms of Use from time to time at its sole discretion. Your use of the Site will be subject to the most current version of the Terms of Use posted on the Site at the time of such use. You agree to periodically review these terms for any modifications. Your continued use of this site will be deemed conclusive acceptance of any modifications to the agreement. If you breach any of the Terms of Use, your authorization to use this Site automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any Materials downloaded or printed from the Site.
User Conduct
You shall use the Site for lawful purposes only. You shall not post or transmit through the Site any material that violates or infringes in any way upon the rights of others, is unlawful, threatening, abusive, defamatory, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, vulgar, obscene, profane or otherwise objectionable, that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any law, or that, without SCFO’s express prior written approval, contains advertising or any solicitation with respect to products or services. Any conduct by a user that in SCFO’s sole discretion restricts or inhibits any other individual from using or enjoying the Site will not be permitted.
You shall not upload, post or otherwise make available on the Site any material protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary right without the express permission of the owner of the copyright, trademark or other proprietary right, and the burden of determining that any material is not protected by copyright rests with you and not with SCFO. You shall be solely liable for any damage resulting from any infringement of copyrights, proprietary rights, or any other harm resulting from such a submission. By submitting material to the Site, you automatically grant, or warrant that you, or the owner of such material, has expressly granted, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, fully sub-licensable, non-exclusive right and license to any other member to (a) access, view, use, transmit, distribute, perform, display, delete any content from (in whole or in part), to incorporate into any other works in any form or media, and store or reproduce, and (b) modify, translate, adapt, publish, create derivatives works of, criticize, or improve the material for that member’s use. You acknowledge, and license, anyone using the Site at any time to write and edit any content, or material, on this site, and SCFO to display commercial advertising on the Site. Further, if you can’t cooperate and work within these terms of use/privacy policy, you will be discouraged or prevented from participating on the Site.
You shall not knowingly or recklessly upload, post or otherwise make available on the Site any material containing a virus, malicious code or similar destructive features.  By uploading, posting or transmitting material through the Site, you warrant and represent that such material complies with the foregoing guidelines for Member Conduct.
Nature and Use of Materials
The Materials provided are done so as examples to advance the public interest or educational and guidance purposes only. This Site is for informational purposes only. Materials are not meant to be used as standard or model forms. The Site should not be construed as providing specific commercial, financial, investment, accounting, tax or legal advice, and SCFO makes no guaranty or warranty that any Materials is accurate, legal, reliable, or safe to use. You must always consult a trained professional before following any of the advice or Materials on the Site. These documents have been drafted to meet the unique needs of the organizations which provided them, the content may not be appropriate for other organizations. These documents may serve as a point of reference and organizations are encouraged to use independent judgment and seek appropriate legal and financial counsel as appropriate. SCFO reserves the right to remove without cause any or all materials posted to the StrategicCFO.com website.
Copyright/Intellectual Property
The Materials and Services on this Site are protected by copyright and/or other intellectual property laws and any unauthorized use of the Materials or Services at this Site may violate such laws. Except as expressly provided herein, www.StrategicCFO.com does not grant any express or implied right to you under any patents, copyrights, trademarks, or trade secret information with respect to the Materials and Services. You agree to use the Materials in accordance with all applicable laws, governmental regulations and guidelines. You understand that the ownership of such Materials is retained by the originators of those materials and that this agreement does not constitute the originators waiver of any rights.
Except as specifically permitted herein, no portion of the information or documents on this Site may be reproduced in any form or by any means without the prior written permission of www.StrategicCFO.com.
Monitoring
SCFO shall have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor the content of the Site, to determine compliance with this Agreement and any operating rules established by SCFO and to satisfy any law, regulation or authorized government request. SCFO shall have the right in its sole discretion to edit, to refuse to post or to remove any material submitted to or posted on the Site. Without limiting the foregoing, SCFO shall have the right to remove any material that SCFO, in its sole discretion, finds to be in violation of the provisions hereof, illegal or otherwise objectionable.
No Use By Children Under 13
The Site is designed for use by adults and is not directed to children under the age of 13 (“Minors”). SCFO cannot prohibit Minors from visiting the Site and must rely on parents, guardians and those responsible for supervising children under 13 to decide which materials are appropriate for such children to view and/or download. SCFO complies with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, do not permit registration by nor issue passwords to Minors and will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from Minors without prior written parental permission.
Warranties and Disclaimers
You assume total responsibility and risk for your use of the site. Neither SCFO, www.StrategicCFO.com, nor their affiliates nor any of their respective employees, agents, third party content providers or licensors warrant that the site will be uninterrupted or error free; nor do they make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from use of the site, or as to the accuracy, reliability or content of any information, service, or materials provided through the site.
SCFO is providing access to these materials and related information “as is” and does not make any express or implied warranties, representations or endorsements whatsoever with regard, including but not limited to warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose, to the materials or related information. SCFO disclaims any responsibility or liability for any harm resulting from downloading or accessing any materials or information from the site, including without limitation harm resulting from viruses, malicious code or other destructive features.
The use of the services or the downloading or other acquisition of any materials through the site is done at your own discretion and risk and with your agreement that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from such activities. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from SCFO or through or from the site shall create any warranty not expressly stated in the terms of use.
This disclaimer of liability applies to any damages or injury caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, malicious code or other destructive features, communication line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of record, whether for breach of contract, tortuous behavior, negligence, or under any other cause of action. You specifically acknowledge that SCFO is not liable for the defamatory, offensive, tortuous, destructive or illegal conduct of other members or third-parties and that the risk of injury from the foregoing rests entirely with you.
This Site could include technical or other mistakes, inaccuracies or typographical errors. www.StrategicCFO.com may make changes to the materials and services at this site, including the prices, dates and descriptions of services or programs, at any time, without notice. It is solely your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness and usefulness of all opinions, advice, services, merchandise and other information provided through the site generally.
In no event will SCFO, or any person or entity involved in creating or producing the site, be liable for any damages, including, without limitation, direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages arising out of the use of or inability to use the site. You hereby acknowledge that the provisions of this section shall apply to all content on the Site. The use of the services or the downloading of any materials through www.StrategicCFO.com is done at your own discretion and risk and with your agreement that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that may result from such activities.
Neither, SCFO nor its affiliates shall be liable regardless of the cause or duration, for any errors, inaccuracies, omissions, or other defects in, or untimeliness or unauthenticity of, the information contained within the site, or for any delay or interruption in the transmission thereof to the user, or for any claims or losses arising there from or occasioned thereby. None of the foregoing parties shall be liable for any third-party claims or losses of any nature, including, but not limited to, lost profits, punitive or consequential damages. SCFO and its affiliates shall have no liability for any decisions (including, but not limited to, investment decisions) based on the information provided. SCFO does not warrant or guarantee the timeliness, sequence, accuracy or completeness of this information. Additionally, there are no warranties as to the results obtained from the use of the information.
www.StrategicCFO.com contains links to external websites that are not controlled by StrategicCFO.com or the SCFO. SCFO and www.StrategicCFO.com are not responsible for the reliability, accuracy or content of these external websites. SCFO has provided these links as a convenience and the inclusion of these links does not imply that SCFO endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content or use of such Web sites.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold www.StrategicCFO.com and SCFO, and its officers, employees and agents, harmless from any claim or demand, including attorneys’ fees, made due to or arising out of content you submit, post to or transmit through the Site, your use of the Site, your connection to the Site, your violation of the Terms of Use, or your violation of any rights of another person or entity.
Copyrights and Copyright Agent
SCFO respects the rights of all copyright holders and has a policy that provides for the termination in appropriate circumstances of registered Members who infringe the rights of copyright holders. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please contact SCFO with:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorize to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyright work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party;
A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
For copyright inquiries please contact:
The Strategic CFO, LLC
2101 CityWest Blvd.
Houston, TX 77042
info@StrategicCFO.com
Miscellaneous
This Agreement and any operating rules for www.StrategicCFO.com established by SCFO constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersede all previous written or oral agreements between the parties with respect to such subject matter. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. No waiver by either party of any breach or default hereunder shall be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default. The section headings used herein are for convenience only and shall not be given any legal import.
Last Updated: May 25, 2018
See Dates