http://www.logicalsys.com/privacypolicy.asp
Search by Programmable Device Part Number
Search by Logical Systems Adapter Part Number
Privacy Policy
Logical Systems Corporation is sensitive to privacy issues on the Internet.
This policy explains how Logical Systems Corporation treats the information about you that we receive on the Internet. The purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you, as a visitor to our website, what kind of information we may gather about you when you visit this site, how we may use that information, and whether we disclose it to anyone. Please note that this policy applies only to our site, and not to other companies' or organizations' websites to which we link.
We collect information for only the following purposes:
1. Identifying you each time you visit the web site.
2. Processing orders submitted by you.
3. Allowing you to log in without re-submitting your personal information.
4. Researching product interest and demographics.
5. Sending you information on new products or services.
IP Addresses
We automatically log your IP address each time you visit our site. We use this to identify where you linked or searched from and to collect broad demographic information for our own use. We cannot collect any identifying personal information from this.
Cookies
We may use a technology called "cookies" that indicates how and when pages in the site are visited, and by how many people. A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your system. It does not collect personally identifiable information. You can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it or not. You can also set your browser to turn off cookies. If you do so, however, some areas of this site may not function properly.
Email
We will not sell your email address. We may provide it to our distributors if we deem it appropriate. We may provide it to shipping companies such as UPS or Fed-EX in order to send you automatic shipping notifications and tracking numbers. We may use it to notify you of new products. If you prefer not to be notified by email please contact us at customerservice@logicalsys.com or respond to our email with unsubscribe in the subject box.
Mailing lists
We will not sell, rent or otherwise provide any of our customer's information to third-parties unless they are distributors of our products or we are required to do so by law. Your information will never be shared with companies which provide targeted mailing lists and/or sales leads.
By using this site, you consent to the terms of our privacy statement and to our collecting and processing of personal information for the purposes given above. If you have any questions about these policies please contact us at customerservice@logicalsys.com
Site Navigation:
Privacy Policy
© 2014 Logical Systems Corporation
Images and text on this web site are the property of Logical Systems Corporation
They may not be used, copied or reproduced in any form without written permission.