https://www.richmanclub.com/terms/
Facebook
RSS
Twitter
Youtube
Home
WorkWhat We Do
WatchFilms Online
Online Theatre Main Channel
Film: The Alien Invasion-Extras
Film: Coffee:Black Extras
Film: Twelve Noon Extras
NewsHappenings
CompanyAbout Us
ContactReach Us
SubscribeMailing List
Terms of Use
Thank you for visiting Richmanclub Studios’ web site. Please read the following terms carefully before using web site.
This Terms of Use Agreement (“Agreement”) is a legal agreement between you (“User”) and Richmanclub Studios (“Richmanclub”). By accessing and using the Richmanclub.com web site or any other web sites owned by Richmanclub, User acknowledges that he or she has read, understood and agrees to comply with the terms and conditions stated within this Agreement.
If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, please do not use this Web Site and discontinue your access immediately. Your using of this website deems your acceptance of the Terms And Conditions set forth below.
GENERAL
These Terms of Use may be changed from time to time by Richmanclub Studios in its sole discretion and without prior notice. Any changes will be posted on this page and upon User’s use of this Web Site after such changes have been posted, User shall be deemed to have been aware of such changes and User’s use of this Web Site shall constitute User agreement to be bound by the Terms of Use as modified.
In addition to these terms and conditions, additional terms and conditions may apply for access to certain parts of this Web Site. By accessing such parts of this Web Site, User is deemed to have accepted and agreed to be bound by such additional terms and conditions as stated in the parts of this Web Site where such access is made available. Where there is any inconsistency between these terms and conditions and the additional terms and conditions, the additional terms and conditions shall to the extent of such inconsistency, prevail.
PRIVACY
Richmanclub collects information about Users of its web sites. Collection of this information is governed by the Richmanclub’s Online Privacy Policy, which may be accessed at Privacy Policy.
PROPRIETARY RIGHTS TO CONTENT
This web site is owned and operated by Richmanclub Studios (hereinafter called “Richmanclub”). All materials contained on this web site are copyrighted by Richmanclub except where explicitly noted otherwise.
User acknowledges and agrees that content, including but not limited to text, software, music, sound, photographs, video, design, graphics, movie trailers, film clips or other material contained in this web site (“Content”) is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws. User understands and agrees that User may not copy, reproduce, republish, distribute, modify or create derivative works from this Content or otherwise use, transmit, upload, rebroadcast or publish in any form this Content other than as expressly authorized by this Agreement without Richmanclub’s prior, written consent.
CORPORATE IDENTIFICATION AND TRADEMARKS
All registered and/or unregistered trademarks and/or service marks (collectively, “Marks”) used or referred to on this web site are the property of Richmanclub, unless otherwise noted. Users may not use, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, distribute or modify these Marks in any way without Richmanclub’s prior written permission. The use of Richmanclub’s Marks on any other web site is prohibited.
THIRD PARTY CONTENT
Third Party content may appear on the web site or may be accessible via links from the web site. Richmanclub shall not be responsible for and assumes no liability for any infringement, mistakes, misstatements of law, defamation, libel slander, omissions, falsehood or profanity in the statements, opinions, representations or any other form of content contained in any third party content appearing on the web site. User understands that the information and opinions in the third party content is neither endorsed by nor does it reflect the belief of Richmanclub.
SOFTWARE DOWNLOADS
Any software that is made available to download (“Software”) from this web site is the proprietary and copyrighted work of Richmanclub and/or its third party suppliers. Use of the Software is governed by the End User License Agreement, which accompanies or is included with the Software (“License Agreement”).
Richmanclub and/or its respective third party suppliers may make improvements and/or changes in the Software at any time without notice. Richmanclub may cease offering the Software for download or discontinue this web site at any time without notice. Richmanclub assumes no obligation with respect to supporting the web site or Software, except as expressly set forth in the License Agreement.
LINKING TO THE WEB SITE
User may provide links only to the homepage provided
(a) User do not remove or obscure, by framing or otherwise, any portion of the homepage, including its advertisements, the Terms of Use, the copyright notice or other notices on the web site,
(b) User gives Richmanclub notice of such link by sending an e-mail to rmc@richmanclub.com and
(c) User discontinues providing links to the web site if requested by Richmanclub.
If User wishes to provide links to a section within the web site, User should forward User’s request to Richmanclub at rmc@richmanclub.com and Richmanclub will notify User if permission is granted and if so, the terms and conditions of the permission. Richmanclub gives permission for any such links, Richmanclub is not under any obligations to establish reciprocal links with the third parties
LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
Richmanclub shall not, at any time, be liable for any damage or loss of any kind, howsoever caused as a result (either direct or indirect) of the use of, or the inability to use, the materials in this web site.
INDEMITY
User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Richmanclub, its officers, employees, agents, suppliers and any third party information provided on the web site from and against all claims, losses, expenses, damages and costs (including legal costs) resulting from User’s violation of the Terms and Conditions For Use by User.
RIGHTS OF ACCESS
Richmanclub reserves the right, to terminate, suspend, change, update, modify or discontinue any aspect of this web site from time to time. Richmanclub also reserves the right to impose limits on certain features and services, to deny or restrict access to parts or all of the web site to any particular persons, or to block access from a particular internet address to this web site, at any time, without certain notice or liability.
MODIFICATION TO TERMS OF USE
Richmanclub reserves the right to change the Terms and Conditions For Use at any time. Updated versions of the Terms and Conditions For Use will appear on the web site and are effective immediately. Users are responsible for regularly reviewing the Terms and Conditions For Use. Continuous use of the web site after such changes constitutes User’s consent to such changes.
USER CONDUCT
Users agree that all the information posted or accessed will be used only for informational or educational purposes. There may be no commercial or other unauthorized use of any interactive features available on this web site. Users may not engage in any conduct or action that is prohibited by law.
SUGGESTIONS, COMMENTS, & FEEDBACK
User agrees that any information or material that User or individuals acting on his/her behalf provide to Richmanclub shall not be considered confidential or proprietary. By providing any such information or materials to Richmanclub, Users grant to Richmanclub an unrestricted, irrevocable, world-wide, royalty-free licence to use, reproduce, display and distribute such information or materials. User further agree that Richmanclub shall be free to use any such idea, concepts or know-how that User or individuals provide to Richmanclub for any purpose, including the developing, manufacturing and/or marketing of goods or services.
GOVERNING LAW
By accessing this Web Site, User agrees that the laws of the Republic of Singapore shall govern such access as well as the application of these terms and conditions. Further, user agrees to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Singapore courts regarding any and all disputes relating to these terms and conditions and/or use of this Web Site.
THE WEB SITE IS OFFERED FOR USE “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. USER EXPRESSLY UNDERSTANDS AND AGREES THAT RICHMANCLUB SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE (DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, ACTUAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPT OR OTHERWISE) RESULTING FROM ANY USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THIS WEB SITE, OR RESULTING FROM ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE CONTENT OF THIS WEB SITE, REGARDLESS OF THE BASIS UPON WHICH LIABILITY IS CLAIMED, EVEN IF RICHMANCLUB HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE.
Home
Company
Contact
Richopus Music
IVI VFX
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Copyright 2004-2016 Richmanclub Studios Pte Ltd All Rights Reserved