https://www.harris-creative.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy outlines the information Harris may record and hold about you along with how and why it is collected.For personal data processed on this website the controller is: Harris Creative. 4th Floor, Calls Landing, 36-38 The Calls, Leeds, LS2 7EW. Company registration number: 02324791.This policy is effective from 25th May, 2018.What data we collectWe collect data to help maintain and monitor the performance of our website and to gather information about how we can improve it for our visitors. The legal basis for processing the personal data below is article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR which allows us to process personal data when its necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests.CookiesOur website uses cookies to help provide you with a good experience (such as remembering your preferences) and also to allow us to gather information which will improve our site.For a list of the cookies that are used on this site, please refer to our cookie policy.AnalyticsWe use Google Analytics to collect information about how people use our website. This includes information such as which pages are the most popular, how long people spend on each page and how they came to the site. We do not collect or store any personal information or attempt to identify individuals from this data.Embedded contentSections of this site include embedded content from other websites (such as YouTube and Vimeo videos). These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged into that website.IP AddressesWhen you access the website your IP address is stored on a log file on a secure server in the UK. This information is used solely for security measures such as preventing unauthorised logins on the site and is not used to identify individuals.Online chatWe use a third party – Tawk.to, to provide our online chat service. To view their privacy policy click here.Who we share data withWe may use third parties to provide us with services which are necessary with the running of our business and who process your information on our behalf. This includes services such as our email service provider, hosting provider or IT provider.Where your data is storedData you provide with us is stored on secure servers in the UK. There are systems set up to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure of your data.How long we retain your dataUser and event data collected in Google Analytics is retained for 26 months then automatically deleted.IP address details will be held for 7 days. In cases where they may represent a security risk this information will be held indefinitely or until it is amended or no longer required.Other informationWe do not collect any special category data on this site.Where we provide links to websites of other organisations, this privacy notice does not cover how that organisation processes personal information. We encourage you to read the privacy notices on the other websites you visit.Access to your informationAt any time, you can request to receive an export file of any personal data we hold about you. You can also request that we amend or delete any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data which we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal or security purposes.To do this, please email us or alternatively, you can write to us at the following address: 4th Floor, Calls Landing, 36-38 The Calls, Leeds, LS2 7EW.Contact usView cookie policy