http://www.tuochatea.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Authentic Pu-erh tea delivered directly to your door from Yunnan, China.
(empty)
$0.00
Categories
Choose a Factory
Tuocha Tea
Pu-erh Brick
Pu-erh Cake
Aged Pu-erh
Loose Leaf Tea
Tea Bags
Specials
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy. TuochaTea.com joins the legions of websites that are
voluntarily posting privacy policy statements to help visitors better understand how private information
is handled on the web.
You have Rights and Choices.
You have the right to know what information is being collected and how that information is to be used.
You have the right to expect the best privacy protection possible for the personal information that
you provide online. And you have the right to "Opt Out" or stop websites from using personal information about you.
We do not require user registration at this website. We do gather information in several ways:
If you contact us by e-mail, we may keep a record of your correspondence or comments.
When you make payment through PayPal, PayPal will pass your shipping information to us, that
can include your name, e-mail address, shipping address and telephone number if supplied.
What information do we collect? How do we use it?
When you place an order with us, we only request the following personal information:
Your name
E-mail address
Shipping address
Telephone number
Your information allows us to process and fulfil your orders and to notify you of the status of your order.
For international deliveries your telephone number will be given to our couriers, postman may give you a call
when package arrives your local street, this would be a help for delivery.
Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?
We do not share, disclose, rent or sell contact information. For international deliveries,
we may provide certain order, delivery and product information, to our international carriers and such
information may be communicated by the carriers to customs authorities in order to facilitate customs
clearance and comply with local laws.
Your consent
By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of this information by TuochaTea.com.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are
always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose.
Questions, comments, and suggestions are always welcome. please email us at: service@tuochatea.com
Home |
Tea Selections |
History Of Yunnan Tea |
About Pu-erh |
Ancient Tea-Horse Road
Research |
Health Benefits |
Reports |
Brewing and Storage|
FAQ |
Links |
About Us
How to Order |
Shipping and Returns |
Testimonials |
Privacy Policy |
Contact
© 2004 - 2019 TuochaTea.com, Yunnan Litongyuan Trading Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.