http://www.alpine-usa.com/terms-of-use
LogoAlpineLogoAlpineSignup to get Alpine news. Hear it first!ArrowInstagram LogoTwitter Logo>Facebook Logo>productsVehicle Specificalpine approvedcompanysupportstore locatorLogoAlpineQUICK LINKSLocate a StoreProductsRegister ProductsFind PartsService CentersContact UsTerms of Use / Privacy PolicyWEBSITE AND APP TERMSThis web site ("Site") and all pages contained within (Site Pages") is held by Alpine Electronics of America, Inc., ("Alpine") and all rights are specifically reserved. The use of this Site is subject to the following terms of use ("Site Terms") Alpine may, at its sole and exclusive discretion, change, alter, modify, add, withdraw access to, the content of this Site, and these Site Pages, these Site Terms, at any time, with or without notice, so you should recheck these Site Terms prior to each visit to or use of this Site.WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY (EFFECTIVE SEPTEMBER 12, 2012)When you visit our website, certain information about you and your visit is collected by Alpine.WHAT TYPE OF INFORMATION IS COLLECTEDWe, Alpine, collect any information which you enter on our Web site. This information is normally provided when you search, buy, participate in a contest, sweepstakes or on-line survey, or when you communicate with any of our departments such as customer service, sales or technical services through our Web site, telephone, mail or fax. You also provide information when you establish an account with us.The following are examples of the types of personal information we may collect about you:Your nameAddressTelephone numberE-mail addressLocation (if “Ask an Expert”, ”Apps” or “Store Locator” services are used by you)The following are examples of types of non-personal, anonymous information we may collect about you:Time and length of visitThe pages you viewed on Alpine sitesYour browser typeThe referring site you visited before entering alpine-usa.comNote about Action Tags: Alpine's web pages may contain action tags set by third party firms for the purpose of collecting non-personal, anonymous information about the usage of our site by customers. These companies may also use this non-personal, anonymous information to serve ads that may be of interest to you when you visit other sites across the internet. Action tags are also known as web beacons or 1 pixel gifs. Action tags are a technique used to compile aggregated statistics about the effectiveness of our web site. They do not use personally identifiable information, such as names or addresses.WHAT ALPINE DOES WITH INFORMATION COLLECTEDBecause Alpine is committed to protecting your privacy, Alpine does not engage in the practice of trading or selling personal information to third parties for any purpose. We use this information internally to monitor Site activity and to develop ideas for marketing research and other marketing purposes, which may include sharing it with other Alpine affiliates for purpose of improving Alpine’s service. Alpine uses information that we collect from our visitors to personalize and improve your visit at alpine-usa.com. Non-personal anonymous information may be collected through action tags by third parties as described above.NOTIFICATION ABOUT CHANGES TO THIS POLICYPlease visit this website from time to time. The most current version of this privacy policy will posted with the effective date of the policy. Alpine may update this policy annually.PROCESS FOR REVIEWING INFORMATION COLLECTEDYou may contact Alpine at here in order to review the types of information about you that have been collected. Additionally, if you wish to opt-out of providing non-personal, anonymous information through action tags, you may do so by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative's consumer opt-out page located at www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.aspYou may opt-out of receiving our newsletters by clicking on the opt-out link included in every email newsletter we send. Should you have any questions in regards to how Alpine manages your Privacy you may contact us at  Alpine Electronics of America, Inc., 19145 Gramercy Place, Torrance, CA 90501 or by phone, (310) 326-8000 or online, http://www.alpine-usa.com/company/contact/.SECURITYAlpine has taken precautionary measures to prevent unauthorized access to the improper use of your personal information submitted to Alpine via your use of this Site. All of your private information is secured through our VeriSign™Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) Encryption.COOKIESCookies are pieces of data stored on your hard drive and not on this Site for record-keeping purposes so that site and user activity may be tracked. The use of cookies is commonplace in the consumer ecommerce industry. By showing how and when visitors use the Site, cookies help Alpine to better determine which areas of our Site are popular and which areas are not. Many improvements and updates to the Site are based on such data as total number of visitors and pages viewed. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you'd prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. Please understand that if cookies are turned off, you may not be able to view certain parts of this Site to enhance your visit, nor will you be able to purchase on the Alpine Site.DOWNLOADABLE CONTENT, INCLUDING SOFTWAREAll software, upgrades, updates, utilities, and other information files (“Downloadable Content”) that is made available to download from this Site contains proprietary material and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws. By downloading the Downloadable Content to your computer and/or transferring Downloadable Content to your Alpine product, you agree that you will not copy, modify, decompile, reverse engineer, or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the Downloadable Content. You also agree that you will not sell, distribute, or reproduce Downloadable Content. In no event shall Alpine be liable in any way for any damages suffered or incurred by you or any other third party (including, but not limited to, general, special, direct, indirect, consequential, or incidental loss and the like) arising out of or in connection with the download and use of this Downloadable Content, and you agree to indemnify and hold harmless Alpine for any loss or damage arising out of any download or use of the Downloadable Content.PRICINGPrices posted on the Alpine Site are based on Alpine’s suggested retailed prices, which may differ from those prices our authorized dealers are advertising. Although we make every effort to provide accurate information on the Site, errors may occasionally occur. Prices and availability are subject to change without notice.NEWSLETTERSEmail subscribers will receive quarterly or monthly email newsletters. The newsletters may be promotional material about new products and or services offered by Alpine and its affiliates / partners.RESTRICTED USE & COPYRIGHTSThe information, photographs, audio and video clips, picture images, feature icons, graphics, links, architecture, including format, layout and data structures, and other content including code on this Site are protected in the United States and in other countries by a variety of laws, including but not limited to copyright laws and treaty provisions, trademark laws and proprietary rights laws. The images or pictures of Alpine products, people or places are either property of, or used by our authorized dealers with permission by Alpine. The use of this Site’s text, audio, images or pictures by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is strictly prohibited, except in compliance with these Site Terms. Reproduction, transfer, distribution or storage of part or all of the contents of this Site in any form is strictly prohibited without the prior written permission of Alpine, except in accordance with these Site Terms. Alpine consents to your browsing this Site, or to electronically copy and print hard copies of pages from this Site solely for personal, non-commercial purposes, including without limitation, the development of a product system, and any such copies must bear the copyright notice included on each web page.This Site, and any information or content on this Site, are provided "as is," and "as available" with all faults. Alpine, including it’s corporate affiliates, make no representations or warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, with respect to this Site or content or information available on or through this Site. Except as otherwise provided under applicable laws, neither Alpine nor its corporate affiliates, nor the directors, officers, employees, agents, contractors, successors or assigns of each, shall be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of or related to the use of this Site or any other Site linked to this Site. This limitation of liability applies to direct, indirect, consequential, special, punitive or other damages you or others may suffer, as well as damages for lost profits, business interruption or the loss of data or information, including any damages to or viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other property on account of or arising out of your use of or access to this Site even if Alpine is notified in advance of the potential for any such damages.LINKED SITESAlpine and its corporate affiliates, make no representations or warranties about any site you may access through this Site. Any such site is independent from www.alpine-usa.com and Alpine including its corporate affiliates, have no control over, or responsibility with respect to, the information provided or activities undertaken by any such site. A link to a non-Alpine site does not imply that Alpine, including its corporate affiliates, endorse that site or the products or services referenced on such third party site. You need to make your own independent decisions regarding your interactions or communications with any other third party site.INTERNET POLICYProhibited uses of this Site are as followsInfringing the legal rights (including the rights of privacy and publicity) of others;Causing any damage or disadvantage to others;Disturbing public order;Criminal act(s);Uploading or distributing any third parties' private information without obtaining approval from such third parties;Using this Site for any commercial purpose;Defaming, disgracing or libeling others;Uploading files that contain viruses, corrupted files that may damage the operation of others' computers;Any other activities that are unlawful or prohibited by any applicable laws; andAny other activities that Alpine deems inappropriate.FOREIGN CUSTOMERSThis Site is intended for use within the United States and Canada. Unless otherwise specified, the products here are presented solely for the purpose of promoting products available and to be used in the United States and Canada. Alpine makes no representation that such products are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who choose to access this Site from locations other than the United States and Canada do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws if and to the extent local laws are applicable.APPLICABLE LAWFor U.S. Residents: Any controversy, claim or dispute arising out of or relating to the use of this Site in any manner, including any claim or controversy as to the arbitrability of any claim or controversy shall be settled by final and binding arbitration in Los Angeles, California, in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association, and each party hereto agrees to be bound by the decision of the arbitrator(s). Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.ALPINE'S TRADEMARKThe words “Alpine” and Alpine Electronics of America, Inc., the Five Striped Alpine logo , Mobile Multimedia Excellence™, Mobile Media Solutions™, Bass Engine™ and other Alpine product names, logos, commercial symbols, trade names and slogans are trademarks and trade names owned by Alpine Electronics, Inc., or Alpine Electronics of America, Inc. You are prohibited from using any of the marks appearing on this Site and any colorable imitation of the marks in any manner or for any purpose without the prior written consent of Alpine. The other marks and logos shown on this Site may be marks owned by third parties that are not affiliated with Alpine and/or its related companies. Such marks appear for identification purposes only and are the property of their respective companies. Nothing shown on this Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any permission, license or right to use any trademark, service mark or trade name displayed on this Site without the written permission of Alpine or the third party that may own the trademark, service mark or trade name at issue. Alpine prohibits, without prior Alpine written consent, the use of any Alpine logo or mark as a hyperlink to this Site or any other Alpine Site.MOBILE APP PRIVACY POLICY (EFFECTIVE NOVEMBER 8, 2014)When you use an Application provided by Alpine Electronics of America, Inc. ("App") certain information about you and your usage of the App is collected.WHAT TYPE OF INFORMATION IS COLLECTEDThe following are examples of types of information we may collect through your use of an App:When You Use The ApplicationThe following are examples of types of information we may collect through your use of the Application:Your email address (obtained when you download the App)Time and length of useDevice make and modelAudio settingsOther non-identifying diagnostic information related to App usageYour location (city, state, longitude and latitude)WHAT ALPINE DOES WITH INFORMATION COLLECTEDInformation collected about you through an App will be stored on secure servers hosted by Alpine or Alpine subcontractors. Because Alpine is committed to protecting your privacy, neither Alpine nor its subcontractors engage in the practice of trading or selling personal information to third parties. We use this information to monitor App activity and to develop ideas for marketing research and other marketing purposes, which may include sharing it with other Alpine affiliates for the purpose of improving Alpine’s service.NOTIFICATION ABOUT CHANGES TO THIS POLICYBy using an App, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy. We may alter this policy at any time. If changes are made to this policy, we will provide the new language of the privacy policy within the App. Also, version updates for the App will contain the then-current Privacy Policy.PROCESS FOR REVIEWING INFORMATION COLLECTEDIn order to review the types of information about you that have been collected, please visit www.alpine-usa.com and click the link for “Your Privacy Rights” and follow to “Process for Reviewing Information Collected”.If a complaint or dispute cannot be resolved through our internal process, we agree to dispute resolution using the American Arbitration Association as a third party resolution provider.CALIFORNIA DO NOT TRACK NOTICEAlpine does not track its customers over time and across third party websites through the use of Apps and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track signals. However, some third party sites do keep track of your browsing activities when they serve you content, which enables them to tailor what they present to you. Third parties cannot collect any other personally identifiable information from Alpine's App unless you provide it to them directly.NOTE ABOUT STORAGE OF INFORMATION COLLECTEDInformation collected through an App will be stored and processed on secure servers in the United States of America. Legal systems outside the European Economic Area do not offer the same protection for data as the laws of European countries. Nevertheless Alpine will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that collected information is stored and processed securely and in accordance with all applicable laws. Alpine complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European member countries and Switzerland. Accordingly, Alpine certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, data integrity, access and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Alpine’s certification, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT (CCPA)Alpine Electronics of America, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, “Alpine”) are strongly aware of the social importance of protecting personal information; it hereby prescribes as follows a policy related to protecting personal information; and it is conducting activities to formulate, implement, maintain, and improve mechanisms for managing personal information. The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) gives California residents certain rights with respect to their Personal Information. Therefore, this CCPA Privacy Policy applies to the rights and treatments related to California residents’ Personal Information covered by the CCPA. “Personal Information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. Personal Information does not include de-identified or aggregated information. 1. Ensuring the Safety of Personal Information(1) When handling Personal Information, Alpine will comply with applicable laws, regulations, and other standards.(2) Alpine will make board members and employees aware of the importance of protecting Personal Information and will formulate and reliably implement regulations for protecting Personal Information in order to appropriately use and protect Personal Information.(3) In order to maintain and improve mechanisms for managing Personal Information, Alpine will continuously conduct education and instruction for board members and employees.(4) Alpine will establish a person responsible for management in each department that handles Personal Information and will strive to appropriately manage Personal Information.(5) Alpine will implement information security measures and other safety measures and will strive to prevent unauthorized access to Personal Information or the loss, manipulation, destruction, or leaks of Personal Information.(6) The Personal Information protection policy, related regulations, and mechanisms for managing Personal Information will be reconsidered as necessary and continuously improved.2. Collection, Use, Disclosure and/or Sale of Personal Information Alpine may collect, use, disclose and/or sell Personal Information. Personal Information which may have been collected by Alpine in the preceding 12 months and may be disclosed or shared is as listed below. (1) Identifiersa) Personal Information Categories and Examples: - Identifiers such as real name, contact information (postal address, phone number, fax number, email address, etc.) or other unique identifiers- Employer information (company name, department, job title, etc.)- Other similar identifiersb) Source Categories: - Direct from the consumer- Third-party business partners (e-commerce operators, customer support service providers, etc.)  c) Business or Commercial Purposes:- Performance/Implementation based on contract or processing a request prior to entering into a contract- Processing of an inquiry or request made to Alpine- Management of entry into and exit from Alpine facilities- Providing or improving our products or services- Payment for our products or services- Providing services for warranty, recall, service campaign or other quality issue- Attending to shareholders- Processing of job applications- Marketing activities- Compliance with legal, regulatory or contractual requirements- Detecting security incidents- Protecting against fraudulent or illegal activitiesd) Categories of Third Parties with Whom Personal Information is Shared (Disclosed or Sold): - Group companies of Alpine (see here for details of Alpine bases worldwide, and here for details of group companies)- Third-party business partners (e-commerce operators, customer support service providers, etc.)(2) Commercial Informationa) Personal Information Categories and Examples: - Commercial information such as inquiry details, request details, purchase information (purchase history, etc.) or agreement detailsb) Source Categories:- Direct from the consumer- Third-party business partners (e-commerce operators, customer support service providers, etc.)  c) Business or Commercial Purposes:- Performance/Implementation based on a contract or processing of a request prior to entering into a contract- Processing of an inquiry or request made to Alpine- Providing or improving our products or services- Payment for our products or services- Providing services for warranty, recall, service campaign or other quality issue- Marketing activities- Detecting security incidents- Protecting against fraudulent or illegal activitiesd) Categories of Third Parties with Whom Personal Information is Shared (Disclosed or Sold):- Group companies of Alpine; (see here for details of Alpine bases worldwide, and here for details of group companies)- Third-party business partners (e-commerce operators, customer support service providers, etc.)(3) Network activity informationa) Personal Information Categories and Examples: - Network activity information (information collected via cookies and web beacons) *See here for details on cookies and web beacons.  b) Source Categories: - Use of Alpine websites    c) Business or Commercial Purposes: - Marketing activities- Improvement of Alpine websitesd) Categories of Third Parties with Whom Personal Information is Shared (Disclosed or Sold): - Group companies of Alpine- Advertising technology partners (advertising firms that collect information via cookies, web beacons, etc.)  *Sale of Personal Information Alpine may use, on Alpine’s websites, cookies, web beacons or similar technology provided by advertising technology partners to collect your network activity information. The advertising technology partners may use the network activity information collected to deliver advertising to Alpine’s websites or other companies’ websites corresponding to such collected information. Sharing information such as this manner may be defined as “Selling” Personal Information provided in CCPA. Alpine may also share, within the purpose stated in the above matrix, Personal Information with its group companies. Sharing information such as this manner may be defined as “Selling” Personal Information provided in CCPA. Alpine will not “Sell” Personal Information in any manner other than the above. To direct us not to “sell” your Personal Information, please see the Terms of Use or Do Not Sell My Personal Information. 3. Rights of California ResidentsCalifornia residents have the rights stated below. To exercise any of the rights stated below, please contact us using the contact details provided further down. (1) The right to know about collection, disclosure and sale of their Personal Information. You, California resident, have the right to request, up to twice in a 12-month period, that Alpine disclose your Personal Information collected, used, disclosed and/or sold by Alpine in the preceding 12 months. Once Alpine receives your request and verify your identity according to CCPA requirements and this Privacy Policy, Alpine will disclose, within the scope required by CCPA, to you the information you request in the following areas: (1) the categories and/or the specific pieces of Personal Information Alpine collected about you; (2) the categories of sources for the Personal Information; (3) Alpine’s business or commercial purpose for collecting, disclosing and/or selling that Personal Information; (4) the categories of third parties with whom Alpine disclosed and/or sold that Personal Information; and (5) the categories of your Personal Information Alpine disclosed and/or sold to third parties. (2) The right to request deletion of their personal information You, California resident, have the right to request that Alpine deletes Personal Information that Alpine has collected from you. However, if subject to certain exceptions permitted by law or regulation, Alpine is NOT required to delete the Personal Information. For example, Alpine are able to retain Personal Information necessary to (i) provide you with a service which a consumer has requested; (ii) provide you with assurances and safety in relation to a service; or (iii) to comply with legal obligations. Once Alpine receives your request and verify your identity according to CCPA requirements and this Privacy Policy, Alpine will delete, within the scope required by CCPA, your Personal Information from Alpine’s records, unless an exception under the CCPA or related law or regulation applies.  (3) The right to Opt-Out from the sale of Personal Information You, California resident, have the right to direct Alpine not to sell your Personal Information to third parties.  (4) The right to be free from discrimination for exercising rights You, California resident, have the right to be free from discrimination or retaliation for exercising the above rights under the CCPA.4. Procedures for Request to Exercise Rights as a California Resident(1) RequestIf you want to a request to exercise the above rights as a California resident, please fill the required information in the below request form with your signature, and then submit it via email or post to contacts listed under “5. Contact Information” Request formHowever, please note that, when Alpine processes your request, Alpine will need information from you to confirm you are a California resident and verify your identity, and determine if Alpine has your Personal Information and/or shares it with third parties. The requestor’s identification will be verified according to the methods and procedures required and/or permitted by CCPA (including its related laws and regulations). Therefore, you may be asked to provide additional proof of identification so that Alpine can verify your identity, and Alpine may require that you validate the request. *Submitting a Request Through an Authorized Agent If submitting a request through an authorized agent, additionally attach Power of attorney from the consumer who is the information subject (signed by the consumer who is the information subject) (if there exists a power of attorney pursuant to California Probate Code sections, it is also acceptable)The identification of the authorized agent will be verified according to the methods and procedures required and/or permitted by CCPA (including its related laws and regulations). Therefore, the authorized agent may be asked to provide additional proof of identification so that Alpine can verify the authorized agent’s identity.(2) Information about making a request - Alpine cannot respond to your request, if Alpine cannot verify, with the degree of certainty required by CCPA (including its related laws and regulations), your identity or authority to make the request.- Alpine do not charge service charges, but Alpine ask that you please bear the various expenses for creating an application form and mailing it to Alpine.- Alpine will use and/or maintain, only for a response to your request and other purpose permitted by laws and regulations, your Personal Information that was provided for the request, within the scope permitted laws and regulations.5. Contact Information To inquire the CCPA Privacy Policy or to exercise rights under the CCPA, please contact Privacy Request personnel at Alpine Electronics of America, Inc.   Email address: aana_privacy_request@alpsalpine.comPostal address:  Attn: Privacy Request 1500 Atlantic Boulevard, Auburn Hills, Michigan 48326, USA Telephone:Toll-free number: 1-888-270-66146. Consumers Under the Age of 16 Alpine do NOT target or knowingly (i) collect any Personal Information from minors under 16 years of age("Minor") and (ii) sell such Personal Information. However, although unexpected case for Alpine, if Minor supplies Personal Information to Alpine and such Minor or its parent or guardian wants Alpine to do appropriate treatment based on applicable laws, please contact us via a contact under “5. Contact Information” according to “4. Procedures for Submitting a Request to Exercise Rights as a California Resident”.7. Updates and Revisions to the CCPA Privacy Policy Alpine may update or revise the CCPA Privacy Policy without prior notice. The updated or revised version of this CCPA Privacy Policy shall take precedence over the previous versions. Alpine Electronics of America, Inc.Revised July 1, 2020LogoAlpine;PRODUCTSReceiversAmplifiersSpeakersSubwoofersSound ProcessorsVehicle SpecificMarine & PowersportsDrive AssistRear Seat EntertainmentAccessoriesCompanyAboutPress ReleasesPartnershipsCareersTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyCookie PolicyAlpine WorldwideSUPPORTService CentersRegister ProductsFind PartsOwner's Manual SearchContactKnowledge CenterService Center SupportALPINE APPROVEDSTORE LOCATORSignup to get Alpine news. Hear it first!ArrowSignup to get Alpine news. Hear it first!ArrowFacebook Logo>Instagram LogoTwitter Logo>©Alpine Electronics of America, Inc. All Rights Reserved. | California Transparency in Supply Chains Act