https://www.anchorpackaging.com/privacy-policy/
My Cart
Anchor Packaging LLC (“Anchor”) considers the privacy and security of user information an important component of the service offered at its website, anchorpac.com (“Site”). The following information explains how Anchor collects and uses information obtained from users in connection with services available at the Site.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
1.To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
2. To send periodic emails.  The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information. However, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  Anchor cannot and does not guarantee the security of the information you provide.
Do we link to other websites?
Yes.  The Site may provide links to other websites or resources of possible interest to you.  These linked sites are not under the control of Anchor and we are not responsible for privacy practices or contents of such third party websites. The inclusion of a link on this Site does not imply any endorsement of the third party website or the owner of the site, but was provided as a convenience to you.  Any information you provide to the third party website will be subject to the policies and procedures of such website and is not this policy.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your samples shopping cart and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Children Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at http://anchorpac.com
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our website’s privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on May 1, 2014
Contact Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Anchor Packaging LLC
13515 Barrett Parkway Drive
St. Louis, Missouri 63021-5870 USA
314-822-7800
info@anchorpac.com