http://www.janiking.com/privacy-policy/
DISINFECTION SERVICES
LOCATIONS
JANITORIAL SERVICES
Get A Cleaning Quote
Office and Building Cleaning
Hotel/Resort Housekeeping
Healthcare Services
Manufacturing Facility Cleaning
Bank Cleaning
Stadium & Event Cleaning
Government Building Cleaning
Retail Cleaning
Restaurant Cleaning
School & University Cleaning
Casino Cleaning Services
GREEN CLEANING
NATIONAL ACCOUNTS
FRANCHISE OPPORTUNITIES
Unit Franchise
Master Franchise
International Master Franchise
Veterans
Success Stories
How To Start
ABOUT US
Careers
Contact Us
Reviews
Golf
Partners
BLOG
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your experience at Jani-King.com. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. We do not sell or rent your personal information to others without your consent. We use the information we collect only for the purposes of sending promotional information, enhancing the operation of our site, serving advertisements, for statistical purposes and to administer our systems. We DO NOT use third parties to provide customer service, to serve site ontent, to serve the advertisements you see on our site, to conduct surveys, to help administer promotional emails, or to administer drawings or contests, but reserve the right to do so in the future without advance notice. Our computer system protects personal information using advanced firewall technology.
Information from Other Sources: For reasons such as improving personalization of our service, we might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information.
© 2020 · Jani-King International, Inc. All rights reserved.
Corporate Office 16885 Dallas Parkway Addison, TX 75001
(800) JANIKING | (972) 991-0900
Home
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Franchise Opportunities
Careers
×
Get Franchise Information
CLOSE
×
×