http://www.usedlighting.com/help
Browse
Sell your Gear
Help Sign In / Register
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Toll Free: 1.877.789.8167
E-Mail Us Track Your Order Live Help Help Center
Cart (0)
Weekly Deals Moving Lights LEDs Lekos Pars Consoles Truss Cable Projectors Projection Screens Clearance UK Items More
Rigging TV & Film Pro Video Fog & Haze Machines Packages Fresnels Followspots Floods Strip Lights Scrollers Effects Distros Splitters & Wireless Lifts B-Stock/Demo Gear Cases Dimmers Pipe, Bases, Sandbags Pro Audio Tools & Apparel Last Few Available
MY ACCOUNT
Sell your Gear
Sign In
Help
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Toll Free: 1.877.789.8167
E-Mail Us Track Your Order Live Help Help Center
BROWSE BY CATEGORY Weekly Deals Moving Lights LEDs Lekos Pars Consoles Truss Cable Projectors Projection Screens Clearance UK Items Rigging TV & Film Pro Video Fog & Haze Machines Packages Fresnels Followspots Floods Strip Lights Scrollers Effects Distros Splitters & Wireless Lifts B-Stock/Demo Gear Cases Dimmers Pipe, Bases, Sandbags Pro Audio Tools & Apparel Last Few Available
0
Menu
About Us Certified Reviews Contact Us Buying and Returns Selling Your Gear Tax Exempt Terms Privacy GDPR
Help Center
Shipping Shipping for Brokered Equipment Usedlighting.com will issue the seller a purchase order once a buyer has confirmed a purchase; this will include all of the shipping information for the buyer. At that point, the seller is to immediately ship the equipment using the buyer's preferred shipping and billing method listed on the purchase order. If there has not been a shipping method that has been specified, the seller is required to ship the equipment with a reasonably priced ground carrier billable to the buyer.
If the buyer does not accept the seller's item(s), the buyer will have the right to a full refund, less the shipping and handling fees. The buyer will then return the equipment, within 14 days of the original shipment, to the seller at the buyer's own expense.
International Shipping Policy If the order is being shipped to a location outside of the contiguous United States, the shipping costs are not included in the price of the product. After such an order has been placed, a customer support representative will e-mail the customer a shipping quote for their approval. At that time, a decision may be made to cancel the order without penalty. UsedLighting.com is not responsible for any taxes, duties, or fee's including Brokerage fee's that are associated with any purchase; these additional charges are the responsibility of the customer.
Shipping Damage Due to the delicate nature of some of our products and the inevitable bumps encountered in transit, a product may occasionally arrive with some damage. If you would like to request replacement fixtures or parts for an item that was damaged in shipping, you can initiate a request by contacting one of our account representatives. Payment
Sales Tax Information Nevada Residents. Merchandise purchased from UsedLighting.com for delivery in Nevada requires a Nevada Resale Certificate. Customers from out-of-state picking up merchandise from UsedLighting.com-West also require a Nevada Resale Certificate. Failure to comply will result in NV State taxes added to purchase price. New Jersey Residents. Merchandise purchased from UsedLighting.com for delivery in New Jersey requires a New Jersey Resale Certificate. Customers from out-of-state picking up merchandise from UsedLighting.com-East also require a New Jersey Resale Certificate. Failure to comply will result in NJ State taxes added to purchase price. Deliveries to all other states do NOT require a Resale Certificate.
Payment Options Used Equipment Sales are on a COD or Prepayment basis only. All prices are U.S. Dollars and are subject to availability and change without advanced notice. UsedLighting.com accepts the following as valid methods of payment for all purchases:
VISA MasterCard American Express Checks via mail (payable to "UsedLighting.com") Wire Transfers
Overcharges If you believe that you have been charged incorrectly, we would like to make the necessary corrections, upon verification. So, please contact us as soon as possible and we will look into the matter.
Product Not As Advertised UsedLighting.com strives to present all products on our site accurately and clearly. We want to enable you to make wise purchases with which you will be satisfied. So, if you receive a product that does not reflect its description or advertised characteristics, please contact us as soon as possible and we will look into the matter.
Wrong Item/Quantity Shipped It is the goal of UsedLighting.com to get your order right. If you should receive anything other than the order you placed, be sure to contact one of our account representatives right away. They can make the appropriate arrangements to correct any shipment error that may have occurred. Additional Information If you'd like to visit one of our facilities, please call to set up an appointment with one of our account managers.
OUR HOTTEST DEALS SELL OUT QUICKLY! Subscribe and See Them First in Your Inbox
Subscribe
Call Toll Free 1.877.789.8167 Currency: ($) USD
information About Us Contact Us Reviews Lighting Lounge Sell on UsedLighting Rather Rent?
customer service Help Center Track Your Order Appraisals Financing Buying and Returns FAQ Selling FAQ
products Weekly Specials Clearance Last Few Available Packages Tools & Apparel New Stage Lighting
connect with us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube
© 2020 UsedLighting.com - A service mark of 4Wall Entertainment, Inc.
Terms | Privacy | GDPR | Do Not Sell My Information
E-Commerce Experts Las Vegas
Lighting Equipment Rentals Rigging Equipment Rentals Warehouse Storage Las VegasConstruction Equipment Rentals Las VegasVideo Equipment RentalsStage Lighting EquipmentBest Locksmith Las Vegas
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site and to enhance and personalize your experience across the 4Wall portfolio of brands, including UsedLighting.com and NewLighting.com. Learn more, including how to manage your privacy settings.
Accept