http://www.haynesconsulting.co.uk/help/privacy.html
Skip to content
Call us on 01926 485266
Training for Success
Practical and interactive training for
the professions delivering tangible
and successful results.
Home
About Us
Team
Courses
Relationship Marketing
Negotiation & Persuasion
Effective Presentation Skills
Open Courses
Clients
Testimonials
Contact
Location
Privacy policy
We are extremely concerned to protect your privacy and confidentiality. We understand that all users of our site are quite rightly concerned to know that their data will not be used for any purpose unintended by them, and will not fall into the hands of a third party. Our policy is both specific and strict. If you think our policy falls short of your expectations or that we are failing to abide by our policy, do please tell us.
We do not share, or sell, or disclose to a third party, any personally identifiable information collected at this site. If this policy should change in the future then we shall provide notification in advance and the opportunity for all users to indicate whether or not they would prefer that we do not provide the information to third parties as proposed.
Here is a list of the information we collect, and why it is necessary to collect it:
1 Basic identification and contact information
such as your name and contact details. This information is used:
1.1 to provide you with the services which you request;
1.2 to maintain our accounts;
1.3 for billing;
1.4 to enable us to answer your enquiries;
1.5 for verifying your identity for security purposes;
1.6 for marketing our services and products;
1.7 to help make our web site as useful to you as possible;
1.8 information which does not identify any individual may be used in a general way by us or third parties, to provide class information, for example relating to demographics or usage of a particular page or service.
2 Your domain name and email address
are recognised by our servers and the pages that you visit are recorded. This information is used:
2.1 in a collective way not referable to any particular individual, for the purpose of quality control and improvement of our site;
2.2 to send you news about the services to which you have signed up;
2.3 to tell you about other of our services.
3 Information volunteered by you
for a particular purpose, for example a personal profile, survey, job application form, or contest. This information will be used exclusively for the purpose for which you have provided it. Information is disclosed to third parties only where the third party concerned qualifies in whatever way the web site page requires. We will make absolutely clear on the face of the page, any intention to publicise the name of a winner.
4 Affiliate information
This is information given to us in the course of your business and ours as you have applied to join our affiliate scheme. Such information is retained for business use only. We undertake to preserve the confidentiality of the information and of the terms of our relationship.
This information is used:
4.1 to maintain our accounts and affiliate records;
4.2 for billing;
4.3 to enable us to answer your enquiries;
4.4 for verifying your identity for security purposes;
4.5 to send you news about the services to which you have signed up;
4.6 to tell you about other of our services.
5 Business information
This is information given to us in the course of your business and ours, such as in relation to your application to partner with us or advertise with us. Such information is retained for business use only. We undertake to preserve the confidentiality of the information and of the terms of our relationship. It is not used for any other purpose. We expect you and any partner to reciprocate this policy.
6 Disclosure to Government
and their agencies. We are subject to the law like everyone else. We may be required to give information to legal authorities if they so request or if they have the proper authorisation such as a search warrant or court order.
7 Information request
At any time you may review or update the personally identifiable information that we hold about you, by contacting us. To better safeguard your information, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections to your information.
In this section
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Haynes Consulting Ltd. Holly Farm Business Park, Honiley, Kenilworth CV8 1NP
t + 44 (0)1926 485266 e info@haynesconsulting.co.uk
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Auburn: Website design Warwickshire
Join our newsletter
Subscribe below for you FREE newsletter.