http://www.terranovanurseries.com/privacy-policy/
800-215-9450
sales@terranovanurseries.com
Facebook
Twitter
Facebook
Twitter
0 Items
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting our website! It is our policy to protect your personal information and to use it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Please take a few moments to review our Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
TERRA NOVA® Nurseries, Inc. asks you to provide certain personally identifiable information in order to use certain “Password Required” features and functions of the website. By providing such information, you consent to our collection and use of it, as described in this Privacy Policy.
The information you provide may include information provided during the registration process, including contact information, such as your name, address and email address.
Information that you provide is the property of TERRA NOVA® Nurseries, Inc. All of the information that you provide may be used by TERRA NOVA® Nurseries, Inc. to better serve you. TERRA NOVA® Nurseries, Inc. may also use this information to contact you about new specials, catalogs, products and other opportunities. Ways we use information include:
You can contact TERRA NOVA® Nurseries, Inc. directly with questions or comments regarding the services by using the TERRA NOVA® Nurseries, Inc. contact inquiry form. This contact inquiry form asks you for certain identifying information so that TERRA NOVA® Nurseries, Inc. may respond to your inquiry.
TERRA NOVA® Nurseries, Inc. may use your contact information to get in touch with you regarding the status of your registration or any orders you may place. You may also be contacted by us regarding additional services and features or requesting syour feedback about your experience with TERRA NOVA® Nurseries, Inc.
TerraNovaNurseries.com may provide you with bulletin boards and chat rooms for your use. In the event you voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information using such services, that information, along with any content in your communication or post, can be collected, correlated and used by third parties. This may result in unsolicited messages from third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of TERRA NOVA® Nurseries, Inc., which does not assume any duty to monitor or review the contents of any bulletin board or chat room.
Where technically feasible, the domain names of visitors to TERRA NOVA® Nurseries, Inc. are automatically recognized by our server. TERRA NOVA® Nurseries, Inc. may use this information to track the number of visitors to the TerraNovaNurseries.com website and to see which pages and services on TerraNovaNurseries.com are visited most often.
The TerraNovaNurseries.com optional on-line survey generally asks for demographic information like your gender, age, etc. to help us get to know you and better understand your gardening needs. This data is used to personalize your experience at TerraNovaNurseries.com by displaying content according to your preferences. We hope this will enhance your experience with the TerraNovaNurseries.com site.
TERRA NOVA® Nurseries, Inc. may provide links on TerraNovaNurseries.com to other sites of interest. TERRA NOVA® Nurseries, Inc. does not review or endorse the content of these sites or guarantee that they will abide by this Privacy Policy. Your use of such linked sites is subject to the terms and conditions and privacy policies of the providers of those sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each website that collects identifying information.
Please note that your use of the TerraNovaNurseries.com website and services is subject to TerraNovaNurseries.com’s Terms and Conditions.
Sharing Your Information
TERRA NOVA® Nurseries, Inc. recognizes that gardeners may want products other than the high-quality seeds, plants, bulbs and accessories that we offer. Therefore, from time to time, TERRA NOVA® Nurseries, Inc. may make customer information available to other reputable companies whose products or services we think you might find interesting. Please remember that, although TERRA NOVA® Nurseries, Inc. endeavors to select only reputable companies who share our commitment to customer privacy, we are in no way responsible for the actions or policies of these other organizations. If you do not want to share your information with such other companies, call us at 1-800-215-9450 to speak to a customer service representative or email us at sales@terranovanurseries.com.
Other Uses of Information
The only other instances in which TERRA NOVA® Nurseries, Inc. discloses your identifying information to third parties are:
When it is required by law;
When it is necessary to distribute materials that you request;
And when you expressly request that your information be disclosed
Business Transfers
We may buy or sell operating divisions, companies or other business assets or be acquired by another company. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets.
Use of Cookies
The use of cookies enables TERRA NOVA® Nurseries, Inc. to enhance your visits to the TerraNovaNurseries.com website. Cookies enable TerraNovaNurseries.com systems to recognize your browser and provide features that are tailored to your gardening needs. For example, cookies enable us to record the items in your shopping cart. TERRA NOVA® Nurseries, Inc. uses this information to monitor product sales which help us to plan future offerings.
Accessing and Updating Your Information
You can always choose not to provide information, to opt-out of receiving communications from us or to update your information at any time. TerraNovaNurseries.com gives users the following options:
Use the “Your Account” feature after entering your member name and password to receive access to your account page. At this location, you can subscribe or unsubscribe from our e-mail newsletters and you can update any information that you have provided to us.
Click on the “Unsubscribe” link included at the bottom of each of our e-mails and follow the instructions on the web page.
Security Measures
We work hard to protect the security of your information by using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, the current standard for secure transactions over the Internet. There are some simple measures that you can take to promote protection of your information. First, to help protect the security of your account, do not share your password with others. Also, remember to “log-off” after using any of our on-line services when you have finished using the website. While TERRA NOVA® Nurseries, Inc. strives to protect your information by using SSL and through measures to protect our system, such security cannot be ensured. Consequently, TERRA NOVA® Nurseries, Inc. does not ensure or warrant the security of information you transmit, and you do so at your own risk.
Encryption
What is Encryption?
Encryption is a process by which we use software to scramble sensitive information while it is in transit to TERRA NOVA® Nurseries, Inc.
Please take a moment to read about the steps that we have taken to help protect your information and make your online transmissions safer. We also invite you to review the steps you can take to help protect yourself further.
How Does Encryption Work?
Encryption is based on a key that has two different parts. The public part and the private part. The public part of the key is distributed to those you want to communicate with. The private part is for the recipient’s use only.
When you send personal information to TerraNovaNurseries.com, you use TERRA NOVA® Nurseries, Inc. public key to encrypt your personal information. That means, if at any point during the transmission your information is intercepted, it is scrambled and very difficult to decrypt. Once TERRA NOVA® Nurseries, Inc. receives your encrypted personal information, we use the private part of our key to decode it.
What Information Does TERRA NOVA® Nurseries, Inc. Encrypt?
TERRA NOVA® Nurseries, Inc. encrypts all personal information you give us when you place an order online. Remember, if you feel uncomfortable providing any of this information online, please feel free to call one of our representatives at 1-800-215-9450.
How Safe is Encryption Really?
Providing encrypted information online is as safe as doing it over the phone.
Privacy Policy Changes
TerraNovaNurseries.com may update this Privacy Policy from time to time to better serve you. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically.
For Further Information
If you choose to visit TerraNovaNurseries.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy. If you have questions or comments concerning this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at:
TERRA NOVA® Nurseries, Inc.
10051 S. Mackburg Rd.
Canby, OR 97013
Phone: (800) 215-9450
Fax: (503) 263-3152
E-mail: sales@terranovanurseries.com