http://www.hsbc.com.au/help/important-notices/
Top of main content
Important Notices
Please read these important notices related to HSBC products and services, and the use of this website.
HSBC AU
Help
Important Notices
Table of contents
What to do if you've been affected by the recent bushfires
General Advice Warning
Product Disclosure Listing
Changes to Credit Reporting
Social Media Community Rules
What to do if you've been affected by the recent bushfires
If you have been affected by the bushfires currently impacting many parts of Australia, here are some of the ways we are here to help:
Credit cards, personal loans and home loans
You can apply to defer repayments to your HSBC credit cards, HSBC personal loans, and HSBC home loan.
You can also apply for a temporary credit limit increase if needed.
Affected customers with an HSBC home loan can apply to defer payments to their loan.
Please come and speak to us in a branch, or call our dedicated Customer Assist Team on 1300 555 988 during business hours (weekdays from 8am to 5pm) or our Contact Centre on 1300 309 388 anytime.
Home, contents and motor insurance
If you have HSBC home and contents or motor insurance, you may be eligible for assistance, including emergency funds for essentials and temporary accommodation.
Please contact us on 1300 205 060 to find out if you are eligible, or if you need to make a claim.
Term deposits
HSBC will waive the interest rate reduction and AUD$30 Administration Fee if you need to access your Term Deposit ahead of the maturity date.
Please come and speak to us in a branch, or call our Contact Centre on 1300 309 388 anytime.
General Advice Warning
The contents of this website have been prepared without taking account of your objectives, financial situation or needs. Because of that you should, before taking any action to acquire any of the financial products mentioned on this website or to transfer your personal business to HSBC, consider whether that is appropriate having regard to your own objectives, financial situation and needs.
You should obtain the Product Disclosure Statement relating to the relevant financial product mentioned on this website (which contains full details of the terms and conditions of the relevant financial product) and consider it before making any decision about whether to acquire the financial product.
A Product Disclosure Statement relating to the financial products mentioned on this website is available on request by calling us on 1300 308 008, visiting any of our branches or by visiting our Product Disclosure Statement Listing.
Product Disclosure Listing
Personal Banking
Personal Banking Booklet (PDF,1 MB)
Transaction and Savings Accounts Terms (PDF, 848 KB)
Financial Services Guide for Transaction and Savings Accounts (PDF, 906 KB)
Changes to credit reporting and how they affect you
From 5th March 2018 HSBC Australia moved to a more comprehensive credit reporting system. This changed the way HSBC collects, uses and discloses your credit information in relation to credit cards, home loan products and other credit facilities you have or apply for with us.
Read on to find out how these changes may affect you.
Summary of the changes to credit reporting
The credit reporting system allows HSBC and other licensed credit providers in Australia to share more information about your credit worthiness:
The type of each consumer credit account you hold with us (such as credit cards, personal and home loan accounts),
The date you opened and/or closed your accounts,
Your credit limit, and;
Your repayment history.
Prior to these changes, licensed credit providers in Australia listed only the following information on your personal credit file:
Your credit inquiries (when you applied for credit with us), and
Credit infringements, such as payment defaults.
These new changes will better enable HSBC and other credit providers to lend more responsibly by having a better picture of your credit situation.
How does Comprehensive Credit Reporting affect me?
If you are an HSBC personal banking customer and you hold one or more consumer credit facilities with us, we will both obtain and share your credit reporting information with credit reporting bodies in Australia. This information will be included in credit reports compiled by the credit reporting bodies listed below.
Missed payments and late payments across a 24 month period will now show on your credit record and may affect future credit applications, so it's important that you keep on top of your payments.
Additionally, where you have made payments on time, this positive repayment history will also be reflected on your personal credit file for a period of 24 months.
You can minimise the risk of forgetting to make a repayment by
setting up automatic payments, like direct debits
regularly checking your statement and/or e-statements
Generally, comprehensive credit reporting applies to personal banking customers at HSBC who hold consumer credit facilities with us. If you are an HSBC Business, Corporate or Global Banking account holder, you should refer to relevant terms of your banking products and services for details about the personal credit information we share with credit reporting bodies in relation to your commercial credit arrangements (for example, if you are a personal or director guarantor for an HSBC Corporate facility).
Contact us
By phone
Call us today and speak with one of our representatives
1300 308 008
Online
Contact us via an online enquiry and live chat
Enquire online
Enquire online for HSBC products and services
Frequently Asked Questions
What is Credit Information?
Credit Information is information about your credit worthiness, credit standing, credit facilities and repayment history. It also includes information about your credit capacity that we are permitted to exchange with Credit Reporting Bodies.
For a full list of the Credit Information HSBC collects, uses and discloses about you refer to our Credit Information Policy (PDF, 179 KB)
What is consumer credit?
A consumer credit contract is a contract that is wholly or predominantly for personal, domestic or household purposes or for the acquisition, maintenance, renovation or improvement of residential property for investment purposes or the refinancing of loans wholly or predominantly for such purposes. Anything which is not a consumer credit contract may be classed as commercial credit.
Which Credit Reporting Bodies have access to my HSBC Credit Information?
At HSBC, we may give to and receive information from three Credit Reporting Bodies in Australia, whose details are as follows:
Equifax
Attention: Public Access Centre
PO Box 964 North Sydney, NSW, 2059 13 83 32 www.equifax.com.au
Illion
Attention: Public Access Centre
PO Box 7405
St Kilda Rd VIC 3004
1300 734 806
www.checkyourcredit.com.au
Experian Australia Credit Services Pty Ltd
Attn: Consumer Support
GPO Box 1969
North Sydney, NSW, 2060
(61) 3 8699 0100
www.experian.com.au
How can I obtain a copy of my personal credit file?
You can contact one or more of the three Credit Reporting Bodies above and, once per year, obtain a free copy of your personal credit file. When you request an additional copy, the Credit Reporting Body may charge a fee.
Why does HSBC collect and use my Credit Information?
Generally, HSBC may collect, use and disclose Credit Information they receive from a Credit Reporting Body to assess your creditworthiness and risk of default, to assist us with the ongoing management and monitoring of your account, for debt collection purposes and for product development and research purposes. Additionally Credit Information is a useful tool to ensure HSBC lends responsibly.
For additional details about how and why HSBC collects, uses and discloses your personal Credit Information refer to our Credit Information Policy.
What is adverse Credit Information?
Adverse Credit Information is information contained on your personal credit file that generally demonstrates poor repayment history. It can also be used to describe borrowers who have defaulted on (failed to repay) the credit facilities they hold or have been unable to satisfy the terms of the credit agreement.
In some cases, adverse Credit Information will include details of insolvency, payment defaults, serious credit infringements, court judgment defaults and poor repayment history. HSBC will usually warn you long before we list a default on your credit file, but we can list individual late repayments within 14 days after the date the payment is due.
It is important to ensure your loan and credit card repayments are made on time and in the event you are experiencing financial difficulties, you should contact us soon as possible to discuss your situation. This will ensure adverse Credit Information does not appear on your credit file.
Can I get a copy of the Credit Information HSBC hold about me?
To access your credit information held by us, please visit an HSBC branch, call 1300 308 008 or write to:
The Privacy Officer at HSBC Bank Australia Limited,
Tower 1 - International Towers Sydney
GPO Box 5302, Sydney NSW 2001
Is there a fee for accessing my Credit Information with HSBC?
HSBC may charge you a fee for providing the Credit Information we hold on you. We will request that you authenticate your identity prior to our releasing any Credit Information held by us to you. Unless unusual circumstances apply, we will provide you access to your Credit Information within 30 days of us receiving your request and authenticating your identity.
In the event a fee applies we will inform you prior to providing the Credit Information to you.
What is a personal credit file?
Your personal credit file in Australia is a record held by one or more Credit Reporting Bodies in Australia. It contains a detailed history of money you have borrowed, credit you have used and whether you make bill and debt repayments on time. A credit file may also include some employment history as well as your present and past place/s of residence.
For more information about your personal credit file you should contact one or more of the Credit Reporting Bodies in Australia.
What kind of information does HSBC place on my credit file?
HSBC will report Credit Information to a Credit Reporting Body about your credit worthiness, credit standing, credit facilities and repayments history. It also includes information about your credit capacity that we are permitted to exchange with Credit Reporting Bodies, as it applies to the consumer credit facilities you hold with us.
HSBC discloses information about your repayment history and in some cases this includes adverse Credit Information (see below for more information).
For a detailed explanation of the kind of information HSBC may place on your personal credit file refer to our Credit Information Policy. If you are a Corporate or Global Banking account holder, you can refer to the relevant terms of your banking products and services for details about the personal Credit Information we share with Credit Reporting Bodies about your connected individuals.
When will this information be visible on my credit file?
HSBC commenced reporting Comprehensive information in phases from March 2018, starting with Credit Cards and Personal Loans. Mortgage information has been added in March 2019.
HSBC has had the ability to disclose and place comprehensive credit reporting information on your credit file since changes to Privacy Laws in Australia in 2014. While HSBC will commence comprehensive credit reporting on 5th March 2018, some information placed on your credit file (such as your 24 month repayment history) will be backdated to 2016.
Will payment arrangements be recorded on my credit file?
Under a formal Financial Hardship arrangement, the terms of your credit contract will be varied and these arrangements will be confirmed in writing. If the varied repayments are made on time for the agreed period, they will not be recorded as 'late' or 'missed' on your personal credit file.
If you fail to satisfy the terms of the new repayment arrangement, overdue repayments will be listed on your personal credit file.
It is important to know that Financial Difficulty arrangements will not override your previous repayment history or clear existing overdue repayments.
Informal repayment arrangements
Formal Financial Hardship arrangements will be reflected in your repayment history on your personal credit file as set out above. If you contact HSBC and make an informal repayment arrangement such as a 'promise to pay' or a one-off delayed repayment (sometimes referred to as 'indulgence'), the overdue amount will still be reflected in your credit history.
What do I do if HSBC places incorrect information on my credit file?
If you believe we have reported incorrect credit information about you to a credit reporting body in Australia, you can ask us to correct it by visiting an HSBC branch, calling 1300 308 008 or writing to The Privacy Officer at HSBC Bank Australia Limited, GPO Box 5302, Sydney NSW 2001 and we will respond to your request in writing.
Where you have sought to correct your credit information, we will investigate the matter and attempt to respond to you within 10 business days. In the event we find that HSBC has listed inaccurate, out-of-date, incomplete, irrelevant, or misleading credit information on your personal credit file we will take steps to correct the information within 30 days.
If you advise HSBC that an external Credit Provider placed incorrect information on your personal credit file, HSBC must still handle the request and we will not refer you to a credit reporting body or elsewhere.
All correction requests raised to HSBC will be responded to in writing.
What do I do if I want to make a complaint about how HSBC has handled my Credit Information?
In the event you are unsatisfied with HSBC's handling of your access or correction request or if you believe HSBC has misused your Credit Information you can contact us and lodge a complaint with the HSBC Customer Experience Department.
Where you have made a complaint to HSBC about its handling or disclosure of your Credit Information, HSBC will investigate and attempt to resolve your complaint within 30 days. If we need more time we will ask you for an extension to this period and give you the reasons why. If you do not consent to the extension sought by HSBC, we may not be able to resolve your complaint.
What is a periodic credit review?
HSBC will sometimes conduct periodic reviews of your credit arrangements after we have provided you with credit. The review simply provides us with up to date information  to help us better serve our customers and ensure the credit we have provided to you remains suitable. This information also helps us develop other products and services that may interest you.
A periodic review conducted by HSBC will be shown on your credit report as a file access, however this will only be visible to you and will not impact your credit score or credit worthiness.
What is a Payment Default?
A Payment Default is information a Credit Provider may place on your personal credit file when an amount of $150.00 or more is overdue on your personal credit facility with us for a period of 60 days or more.
HSBC will only list a Payment Default on your personal credit file after we have tried to recover all or some of the overdue repayment on your account and we have sent you a written notice advising you of our intention to list a Payment Default.
Want more information?
For more information about Comprehensive Credit Reporting, you can visit an HSBC branch, call 132 152 (Personal Banking) or 1300 301 168 (HSBC Premier), or visit the Australian Retail Credit Association's (ARCA) CreditSmart website.
Social Media Community Rules
The HSBC Twitter Account "@HSBC_AUS" is an interactive space for general customer service inquiries. HSBC strongly recommends that you not share any personal information like your full name, address, date of birth, bank account number, credit card number, etc. on Twitter and other social media channels. Sharing any such information will be at your own risk. HSBC will never ask you to post any personal information via social media.
We update and monitor @HSBC_AUS from 8AM - 7PM Monday through Friday, excluding Public Holidays.
We are happy if you share our content and follow us. We do not automatically follow back new followers. If we do follow you, this does not imply endorsement of any kind from HSBC.
We're actively watching what people are saying to and about HSBC on Twitter and value your feedback. However, because of the public nature of the platform, we simply can't respond to or engage on all issues.
HSBC's Twitter representatives cannot discuss personal account details via Direct Messages on Twitter. If you have an inquiry requiring the sharing of such information, please contact us directly.
Tweeting Guidelines
Please remember to follow these simple rules. Please do not post content that promotes, suggests or encourages:
Gambling or any content related to online casinos, sports books, bingo or poker;
The manufacture and/or use of firearms/weapons/ammunition or other dangerous materials;
The use of any illegal drugs, prostitution or pornography;
Nudity, profanity, adult content or other offensive material;
Violence; or
The taking up of arms against any person, government or entity or otherwise challenging or seeking to overthrow any government;
Or otherwise contains:
Obscene, indecent, defamatory and/or unlawful content;
Content that infringes upon, or otherwise violates, the rights of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, publicity or other personal or proprietary rights;
Content that is false, misleading or deceptive about the products and services of HSBC;
Hateful, discriminatory, disparaging or denigrating content, whether directed at an individual, group, or other site users, and whether based upon race, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation, ethnicity, religion, political orientation, national origin, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, veteran status or mental or physical disability or condition;
Content that uses adversarial or confrontational tactics to impact a product, service, industry or organization;
Confidential information that violates any obligation of confidentiality;
Any viruses, spyware, malware, or other malicious components that are designed to harm the functionality of a computer in any way; or
"Spam" advertisements or references to non-HSBC offers, products, services or websites.
View Terms of Use.
Back to Top