http://www.oryza.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
About Rice
Español
Subscribe/Renew
Email Newsletter
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Oryza.com and its affiliates (Arroz.com) want you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information from and about you because we understand that you are concerned about your privacy, and we want to maintain your trust.
This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect from all sources including in connection with our websites, mobile sites, applications ("apps"), electronic newsletters and widgets (collectively the "Oryza.com") that link to this Privacy Policy.
This Policy describes Oryza.com’s collection and use of users' Personal Information. It also describes generally Oryza.com’s practices for handling Other Information (e.g., interests, demographics and services usage) collected through our Oryza.com Online Services or from a third party to the extent such information is associated with a particular device, user or user account. As described more fully below, we share information with our affiliated companies ("Oryza.com Affiliates") for the purposes described in this privacy policy. A list of Oryza.com Affiliates is available here and in annual reports here. By using the Oryza.com Online Services or by providing personal information to us, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
You may choose not to submit requested information online, or may choose to restrict the use of cookies (see Other Information below, or our Cookie Policy, for more information), but that may limit the services Oryza.com is able to provide to you.
Oryza.com is not targeted to, and does not knowingly collect Personal Information from, minors under 18 years of age. We request that these individuals do not provide Personal Information through the Oryza.com Online Services.
Information We Collect
Oryza.com and our service providers may collect the following information from and about you:
Personal Information
"Personal Information" for purposes of this Privacy Policy is the information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable person, such as name, email address, occupation, address, employer.
Personal Information From You
We collect Personal Information when, for example, you register for or subscribe to certain products or services; create a profile; use an interactive feature (such as Chat or Email This); participate in a community forum; or contact customer service.
Personal Information We Receive from Third Parties
We may receive Personal Information about you from third parties, such as social media services, commercially available sources, Oryza.com Affiliates, business partners, and, if applicable to you, the third party provider of your subscription. The Personal Information we receive from third parties may include, for example, your name, contact information, information about your transactions, purchase history, or relationships with various product and service providers, and your use of certain applications. For example, if you access an Oryza.com Service through a social media service or connect a Oryza.com Online Service to a social media service, the information we collect may also include your user name associated with that social media service, any information or content the social media service has the right to share with us, such as your profile picture, email address or friends list, and any information you have made public in connection with that social media service. When you access the Oryza.com Online Services through social media services or when you connect a Oryza.com to social media services, you are authorizing Oryza.com to collect, store, and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Other Information
"Other Information" is any information that does not reveal your specific identity, such as browser information, app usage data, information collected through cookies and other technologies, demographic information, and aggregated information.
Other Information You Submit
We collect Other Information when you submit it to us. It may include your gender, zip code, birthday, education, occupation, financial information, and interests.
Other Information We Receive from Third Parties
We may receive Other Information about you from third parties, including, for example, demographic data, social media account number, information about your interests, and information about your activities on other websites.
Other Information We Collect Automatically When You Are Online.
When you access and interact with our Oryza.com Online Services, we and our service providers may automatically collect certain information about those visits. For example, in order to permit your connection to the Oryza.com Online Services, our servers receive and record information about your computer, device, and browser, potentially including your IP address, browser type, and other software or hardware information. If you access the Oryza.com Online Services from a mobile or other device, we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device ("UDID"), geolocation data, or other transactional information for that device.
How We Use Your Information
We use the Personal Information we collect from and about you for the purposes set forth below. Please note that we may use and disclose Other.com Information for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law. If we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Information under applicable law, then we may use and disclose it for all the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information. We may combine Other Information with your Personal Information, and when we do, we treat the combined information as Personal Information.
To improve the quality of our products and services and to personalize your experience by presenting content, products and offers tailored to you, we may also combine the Personal and Other Information we collect with information relating to your use of other Oryza.com products, services and websites. In addition, we may supplement the Personal and Other Information we collect with information from other sources, such as publicly available information from social media services, commercially available sources and information from Oryza.com Affiliates or business partners.
To provide and manage our services. We use the information we collect from and about you to provide our products, services and features to you, including: to process and fulfill your subscription, to send you information about your relationship or transactions with us, to measure and improve those services and features, to allow you to comment on content and, use collaboration tools to share content and collaborate with other users, to provide you with customer support, including online correspondence, and to respond to inquiries. If you choose to use the collaboration tools, some of your Personal Information may be included in a directory that can be viewed and used by other users of these collaboration tools. In addition, if you have multiple product subscriptions, we may use your information to allow you to sign in to several Oryza.com websites with the same user ID.
To deliver relevant content and recommendations. To make your experience more interesting and personalized, we may use any of the Personal and Other Information we collect to assist us in delivering content on any of our Oryza.com Online Services.
To allow social sharing functionality. If you log in with or connect a social media service account with an Oryza.com Online Service, we may use Personal and Other Information to facilitate your sharing of information between the Oryza.com Online Services and your social media service.
To contact you. Oryza.com and Oryza.com Affiliates may periodically send promotional materials, surveys, or notifications related to our products and services. To help make these materials more relevant to you, we may use and combine any of the Personal and Other Information we collect to assist us in sending you these materials. We may also use your information to contact you, including to respond to your comments, inquiries or requests. If you want to stop receiving these materials from us, please follow the instructions in the Choices and Access section below.
To protect the rights of Oryza.com and others. Oryza.com may use your Personal Information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate in order to: (i) protect, enforce, or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety, or property of Oryza.com, our Oryza.com Affiliates or their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use); (ii) protect the safety, privacy, and security of users of our products and services or members of the public; (iii) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; (iv) comply with the law or legal process, including laws outside your country of residence; or (v) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence.
How We Share Your Information
To allow social sharing functionality. If you log in with or connect a social media service account with a Oryza.com Online Service, we may share your user name, picture, and likes, as well as your activities and comments with other Oryza.com Online Services users and with your friends associated with your social media service. We may also share the same information with the social media service provider. By logging in with or connecting your Oryza.com Online Services account and your social media service, you are authorizing us to share information we collect from and about you with the social media service provider, other users and your friends, and you understand that the social media service's use of the shared information will be governed by the social media service's privacy policy. If you do not want your Personal Information shared in this way, please do not connect your social media service account with your Oryza.com Online Services account, and do not participate in social sharing on the Oryza.com Online Services.
To protect the rights of Oryza.com and others. There may be instances when Oryza.com may disclose your Personal Information, including situations where we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to: (i) protect, enforce, or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety, or property of Oryza.com, our Oryza.com Affiliates or their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use); (ii) protect the safety, privacy, and security of users of our products and services or members of the public; (iii) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; (iv) comply with the law or legal process, including laws outside your country of residence; or (v) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence.
To complete a merger, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. If Oryza.com sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger, bankruptcy, or transfer of all or a material part of its business, Oryza.com may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction.
Security
Oryza.com uses a combination of administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to safeguard Personal Information in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification. However, no one can guarantee the complete safety of your information. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us at http://www.oryza.com/contact.
Choices And Access
How To Access, Correct or Update Your Personal Information
You can access, review, correct, update, delete or modify your registration or subscription profile information and modify your marketing preferences by contacting us at http://www.oryza.com/contact. Most subscribers and registered users can also update their Personal Information online by signing on to their accounts and visiting the appropriate account management sections of our websites.
For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the Personal Information associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting such change or deletion (e.g., when you make a purchase or enter a promotion, you may not be able to change or delete the Personal Information provided until after the completion of such purchase or promotion).
Other Important Information
Updates to Privacy Policy. Oryza.com may modify this Privacy Policy. Please look at the Effective Date at the top of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Oryza.com Online Services. Your use of the Oryza.com Online Services or your provision of personal information to us following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy.
Location of Data. Your Personal Information may be stored, transferred to, and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using our products and services, you consent to the processing and transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have different data protection rules than in your country.
Data Retention. We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law.
Collection of Personal Financial Information by a Payment Service. In some cases, we may use an unaffiliated payment service to allow you to purchase a product or make payments (“Payment Service”). If you wish to purchase a product or make a payment in such a case, you will be directed to a Payment Service webpage. Any information that you provide to a Payment Service will be subject to the applicable Payment Service’s privacy policy, rather than this Privacy Policy. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, any Payment Service’s use of information collected through any Payment Service.
Contact Us About Privacy
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at http://www.oryza.com/contact.
We ask that you not disclose any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, criminal background or trade union membership) when contacting us.
Oryza Subscription
A Subscription is required to view the content. Please login or register
Daily Global Rice Quotes, including daily OWRI quotes.
Global Rice Market Reports.
Weekly.
Monthly.
Daily Rice News and Analysis.
Search access to Oryza.com and Arroz.com article archives.
General Global Rice Information.
Global Rice Event Calendar.
Pay $100/Month foraccess to Oryza.com and Arroz.com
$100 / Month
Pay $1000/Year foraccess to Oryza.com and Arroz.com
$1000/Year
For group rates foraccess to Oryza.com and Arroz.com
Contact Us
Subscription includes access to both Oryza.com and Arroz.com (Our Spanish language site).