http://www.fanmanufacturers.com/woodcock/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy sets out how Woodcock & Wilson uses and protects any information that you give Woodcock & Wilson when you use this website.
Woodcock & Wilson is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. This policy is effective from 29/11/11
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons: Internal record keeping. We will also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone or mail. We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee may be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please let us know via email at privacy@woodcockandwilson.co.uk.  If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Talk to an experienced sales engineer on +44(0) 1484 462 777
to discuss your requirements and get specialist advice.
TALK TO AN EXPERT
ProductsATEX Fans
Axial Fans
Centrifugal Fans
IECEx Fans
Browse all products
Mixed Flow Fans
Ex-Stream
FanSafe Tag
IndustriesChemical
Automotive
Marine
Oil & Gas
Power Generation
Nuclear
Service & SupportContact Us
News
Download Centre
Fan Selector WWair2
About UsOur Company
Fan Efficiency
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Covid-19
Tel		+44 (0) 1484 462 777
Email 	sales@fanmanufacturers.com
Registered in England No. 1353953 | VAT No. GB 185 12251 71
© Woodcock & Wilson Limited 2020 | Website Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Site Map
PRODUCTS
Products Overview
ATEX Fans
Axial Fans
Bifurcated Fans
Centrifugal Fans
IECEx Fans
Mixed Flow Fans
Tank Vent Fans
Woodwaste Fans
EX-STREAM
FANSAFE TAG
SERVICING & SPARES
INDUSTRIES
Industries Overview
Chemical Industry
Automotive Industry
Marine Industry
Oil & Gas Industry
Power Generation Industry
Nuclear Industry
FAN EFFICIENCY
ABOUT US
About Us Overview
News
Covid-19
TALK TO AN EXPERT
+44 (0)1484 462 777