http://www.antwerpdiamonds.be/diamonds-privacy.htm
Copyright and privacy policy
Use and Access to Daems Diamonds
WebSite
Every user of our website does so at their own risk. DAEMS Diamonds
makes no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to
the Site and the use thereof, including the security of any data or
information transmitted to the Site. Neither DAEMS Diamonds nor any
other party involved in the creation, production or delivery of this
Site assumes or accepts any liability for any costs, losses, damages,
etc. arising out of or in connection with the use and access to this
Site, or with the failure of performance of this Site for any reason.
Copyright and Trademark Notice
This WebSite and all of the materials therein are protected by the
Copyright Laws of Belgium and other countries worldwide. Any
unauthorized use of the materials contained in the Site is strictly
prohibited. All rights reserved. The Site may contain documents,
images and other information owned by others. Any use of any these
materials is strictly prohibited, unless prior written consent is
obtained from the owner of the materials. The names, tradenames and/or
trademarks of DAEMS Diamonds are similarly protected. Any
unauthorized use of such tradenames or trademarks is strictly
prohibited without the prior written consent of DAEMS Diamonds and/or
the relevant third party.
Links to Other Web sites
It is expressly understood that the web site(s) to which links are
provided in this Site are not under the control of DAEMS Diamonds,
who assumes no responsibility with respect to the linked site(s), or
for any potential damage arising out of connection with the use of
any such link(s). In addition, any web site to which links are
provided in this Site shall not be understood to be an endorsement
by DAEMS Diamonds of the owner or proprietor of such linked web
site.
Privacy Policy
For questions specific to the privacy policy please email
privacy@antwerpdiamonds.be
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server does not recognizes
the e-mail address.
We collect only the email addresses of those who communicate with us
via email, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or
visit and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey
information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used for internal review and to
contact you about special offers, contests, and promotions. It is to
improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content
and/or layout of our page for each individual consumer, and is not
shared with other organization for commercial purposes.
We do not make available the e-mail addresses of those who access
our site to other organizations or companies.
You can access the information stored by emailing us, and you may
ask us to remove all your data and information on our system. You
will receive from us a confirmation by email.
Questions?
Comments?
Marc Daems
Email: info@antwerpdiamonds.be
Tel.: +32 16699100
GSM: +32 475264715
Fax: +32 16696392
Hours of opening
:
Only by appointement.
© Daems Diamonds 1997
www.antwerpdiamonds.be