http://www.fibre2fashion.com/terms/
We use cookies for better user experience. By continuing to browse this site you agree to its Cookie Policy or can decide to change your browser settings anytime. Got it
×
Sponsored
Outstanding Advantages of Card C 72 - RIETER | Know More
BUSINESS
KNOWLEDGE
Market Intelligence
News
Articles
TRADE FAIRS & EVENTS
MEMBERSHIP PLANS
F2FMART
JOIN FREE
SIGN IN
Toggle navigation
Fibre2Fashion
BUSINESS
Garment
Men’s Wear
Women’s Wear
Kid’s Wear
Fabric
Knitted Fabric
Woven Fabric
Nonwoven Fabric
Yarn
Blended Yarn
Synthetic / Regenerated Yarn
Natural Yarn
Speciality Yarn
Clothing Accessories
Sewing Trims & Accessories
Packaging Trims & Accessories
Dyes & Chemicals
Dyes
Preparatory Chemicals
Processing Chemicals
Dyes Intermediates
Pigments
Finishing Chemicals
Leather & Footwear
Raw & Finished Leather
Footwear
Leather Products
Home Textiles
Bedroom Furnishing
Livingroom Furnishing
Bathroom Furnishing
Kitchen Linen
Fashion Accessories
Men's Accessories
Women’s Accessories
Fibre & Feedstock
Natural
Manmade
Post Your Lead
How to Get Started
Machinery
Spinning
Weaving
Knitting
Dyeing
Printing & Finishing
Testing & Inspection
Sewing, Embroidery & Garments
Laundry
Leather & Footwear Machinery
Pre-owned Machinery
Equipments
Accessories & Equipments
PPE
KNOWLEDGE
Market Intelligence
Market Watch Report
Cotton Intelligence
Syndicated Reports
Trade Intelligence
Price Library
Country Profile
Customized Research
Technical Textile
Subscribe Now
News
Apparel
Textile
Fashion
Technical Textile
Technology
E-Commerce
Retail
Corporate
Interviews
Submit Press Release
Articles
Textile
Apparel
Retail
Technology
Analyst Corner
Editor's Pick
Advertorials
Contributors' Profiles
Submit Article
Fashion
Fashion Accelerator
Trends
Retail
Features
Product Focus
Designer Watch
E-commerce
Videos
Sustainability
News
Articles
Interviews
Video Center
Client Feedback
Webinars
TRADE FAIRS & EVENTS
Upcoming Fairs
Bags and Shoes Asia 2020
Sat, December 19th, 2020
YARN & FABRICS SOURCING FAIR 2021
Wed, January 6th, 2021
Canada's Bridal Show 2021
Fri, January 15th, 2021
Milano Moda Uomo 2021
Fri, January 15th, 2021
Fairs by Categories
Garment
Fashion
Fabric
Yarn
Leather & Footwear
Dyes & Chemicals
Accessories
Machinery
Fibre
Technical Textiles
Home Textiles
Sustainability
Featured Fairs
MEMBERSHIP PLANS
Corporate Membership
One-stop solution for branding, networking, research & recruitment.
Premium Membership
Widen your business network
Market Research Solutions
Price Trends, Insight, Customized Research information for all research needs.
Strategic Consulting Services
Derive maximum value from acquisitions through proven practices
Fashion Accelerator
Launch - Build - Grow
Taking fashion & lifestyle brands online
Recruitment Solutions
Hire the apt talent for your organization
Trade Fair & Event promotion
Promote your Trade Fair, Event or Expo with our holistic Event Marketing Solutions
Brand Building Solutions
Create a positive brand image
Advertise
Get your copy
F2FMART
JOIN FREE
SIGN IN
InquiryNow
Please fill in your details to download the Table of Contents of this report for free. We also do customization of these reports so you can write to us at mi@fibre2fashion.com
in case you need any other additional information.
Name
Company
Email
Phone Number
Country
Select Country
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Andorra
Angola
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azarbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkino Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Canary Islands
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Congo
Costa Rica
Cote d Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Estonia
Ethiopia
Fiji
Finland
France
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Greece
Grenada
Guatemala
Guinea
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Sahara
Samoa
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Somalia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Surinam
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikstan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States Of America
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican city
Venezuela
Vietnam
West Indies
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zambia
Zimbabwe
State
Select State
Andaman and Nicobar Islands
Andhra Pradesh
Assam
Chandigarh
Dadra and Nagar Haveli
Delhi
Gujarat
Haryana
Himachal Pradesh
Jammu and Kashmir
Kerala
Lakshadweep
Maharashtra
Manipur
Meghalaya
Karnataka
Nagaland
Orissa
Pondicherry
Punjab
Rajasthan
Tamil Nadu
Tripura
West Bengal
Sikkim
Arunachal Pradesh
Mizoram
Daman and Diu
Goa
Bihar
Madhya Pradesh
Uttar Pradesh
Chhattisgarh
Jharkhand
Uttarakhand
Comments
Submit
All Categories
Articles
News
Buyers
Suppliers
Trade Fairs
Recruitment
Interview
Market Intelligence
Home / Terms & Conditions
Privacy
Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
Last Updated on 25th June 2018
By accessing or using our Website
located at http://www.fibre2fashion.com/ (“Website”) in any way or downloading, installing or using our mobile
and desktop applications including but not limited to MyF2F, News App, Market Intelligence App, Magazine App, Jobs App, eCAAS
App, Texpro (the "Apps") or by sending messages/communicating via the
chatbot or use of any other website or applications (collectively, the “Services”) that
links to Fibre2Fashion Private Limited (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Fibre2Fashion",
"F2F", "We", "Us" or "Our") or
clicking on a button or taking similar action to signify your affirmative
acceptance of this Agreement, or completing the Fibre2Fashion account
registration process, you hereby represent that:
(i) You have read, understood, and agreed to be bound by this Agreement and
any future amendments and additions to this Agreement as published from time to
time at http://www.fibre2fashion.com/
(ii) You are of legal age in the jurisdiction in which you reside to
form a binding contract with Fibre2Fashion and have a legal age of at least 18
years and no less.
(iii) You have the authority to, enter into the Agreement personally, if
applicable, on behalf of any company, organization, or other legal entity you
declare at the time of account registration process and to bind that company,
organization, or entity to the Agreement.
The terms “you,” “user” and “users” refer to all individual members and
other persons who access or use our services, including without limitation, any
companies, organizations, or other legal entities that register accounts or
otherwise access or use the services through their respective employees, agents
or representatives. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE AGREEMENT, YOU
MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITE, THE SERVICES, OR THE APPLICATIONS.
General Information
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE (“Agreement”) CAREFULLY.
BY USING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
OF USE MENTIONED BELOW.
These Terms & Conditions of Use
constitute a legally binding Agreement between you and Fibre2Fashion, having
its office at B-3 Abhishree Corporate Park,
Iskcon-Ambli Road, Bopal, Ahmedabad 380058,
India; regarding your use of the Services
This Agreement shall be governed by,
and construed in accordance with, the laws of [India].
These Terms and Conditions of Use
(“Terms,” including our Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy and all other policies on
our Website) define the terms and conditions under which you are allowed to use
our services, and how we will treat your account with us.
These terms and conditions are
applicable to all the data subjects who visit website, whether they are
registered or not, including but not limited to buyers, sellers, customers,
distributors or any market player.
Definitions
Device includes but is not limited to
mobile devices, computers, computer system, Laptop available via web browser to
Mac, Linux, Android, iOS, Windows.
Intellectual Property Rights mean and
include without limitation all copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets
and other related rights pertaining to the App and related documents and shall
remain, the sole and exclusive property of Fibre2Fashion.
Third parties include but are not
limited to buyers, sellers, customers, distributors, any market player,
analytics & search engine providers or payment providers.
Content means all information including but not limited to News,
Articles, Trade fairs & Events, Fashion, Sustainability and Interview
sections otherwise
transmitted publicly or privately via our services.
“Membership”
includes Corporate Membership, Premium Membership and Free Membership.
Eligibility:
To use our services, you must:
be 18 years of age, if you are less than 18 years
you are required to contract with us through your parents or legal guardian.
agree to the Terms and complete the
registration process;
provide true, complete, and up to date information.
have due authorization if you are registering as a
business entity or you represent that by the business entity to accept this
Agreement and you have the authority to bind that business entity to this
Agreement.
If you are transacting as a free account member,
you shall be allowed to list your products however you will not have access to
Buyer contact information until seven days of the buying lead has been posted.
Basic Registration on the website is free.
Fibre2Fashion does not charge any fee
for browsing unless explicitly mentioned on the site or under the membership
plans.
Fibre2Fashion may at its sole discretion introduce
new services and modify some or all of the existing services offered on the
Website.
By using our services, you represent and warrant
that you meet all the requirements listed above, and that you won’t use our
services in a way that violates any laws or regulations. (Representing and
warranting equates to making a legally enforceable promise.) Fibre2Fashion may
refuse service, close accounts of any user, and change eligibility requirements
at any time.
Contractual Relationship
Fibre2Fashion may terminate any of
these terms or any services with respect to you, or generally cease offering or
deny access to the services or any portion thereof, at any time for any reason.
Supplemental Terms
may apply to certain services, such as policies for any particular
event, activity or promotion, and such supplemental terms will be published on
our services from time to time. Supplemental Terms are in addition to, and
shall be considered a part of, the Terms and Conditions of Use. Supplemental
Terms shall prevail over these Terms and Conditions of Use in the event of a
conflict with respect to the applicable services.
The collection and use of personal
information buy us in connection with the services is as provided in our Privacy Policy.
In case of incorporation of any new
legislation or any amendments to the existing legislation governing data of any
individual, some of the clauses of this Agreement may either be updated or
deleted without any notice, to comply with the said provisions of the
applicable legislation. Hence it is advisable to check this Agreement from time
to time.
License Grant
Fibre2Fashion grants you a revocable,
non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to download, install and use
its services including but not limited to its mobile/desktop applications,
websites, products, or any other software developed strictly in accordance with
these Terms.
You may not rent, lease, sell,
redistribute, or sublicense the licensed Apps, nor copy, decompile, reverse
engineer, disassemble the Apps or Website or our services.
Advertisement
“Advertiser”
here means any person advertising goods or services on our platform;
“Advertisement” here means display, recruitment, online, email, mail order and
classified advertising and shall include inserts, supplements and re-directed
advertisements;
“Buyer”
here means any person placing the order for the insertion of the Advertisement;
“Medium” means the print or online publication taking the booking;
All
Advertisements are accepted subject to space being available in the Medium.
Fibre2Fashion
reserves the right to cancel any order without liability in the event of
becoming aware of any meetings of creditors, bankruptcy, liquidation
proceedings, the appointment of a receiver or administrative receiver over the
whole or substantial part of the Buyer’s assets, or any indication whatsoever
of financial difficulties.
The Buyer
warrants that the buyer contracts with Fibre2Fashion as principal
notwithstanding that the buyer may be acting directly or indirectly for the
Advertiser as an advertising agent or media buyer or in some other
representative capacity. Where the Buyer is the Advertiser’s advertising agency,
the Buyer warrants that it is authorised by the Advertiser to place the
Advertisement with Fibre2Fashion.
Contents delivered must be as per the
Fibre2Fashion’s specifications & guidelines. Fibre2Fashion does not claim
ownership of any audio, visual content that is uploaded or transmitted to, or
stored, distributed, or processed by, the Service (hereinbefore/after called as
“Content or Material”). We also do not control, verify, or endorse the Content
that you and others make available to, on, though, or from the Service.
The Buyer
hereby grant Fibre2Fashion and its contractors the right, to view, use, modify,
adapt, reproduce, transmit, distribute, display, and disclose Content to the
extent necessary (as determined by Fibre2Fashion in its sole discretion) to
provide the Service; to comply with any law or judicial order, for promotional
or similar purposes, or as otherwise permitted by these Terms and Conditions of
Use notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, your Content is not
considered confidential information, and Fibre2Fashion has no obligation to
keep your Content confidential or secret.
If an
Advertisement includes a promotion, competition or a special offer of
merchandise the Advertiser must provide full details to Fibre2Fashion on request.
Advertising tariffs are subject to revision at any
time and orders are accepted on the condition that the price binds
Fibre2Fashion only in respect of the period specified in the applicable rate.
Any such payment made to Fibre2Fashion for the advertisement campaign is
non-refundable.
Fibre2Fashion shall not be liable for any loss or
damage suffered by the Buyer because of any total or partial failure (howsoever
caused) of publication, distribution or availability of any Medium in which any
Advertisement is scheduled to be included or for any error, misprint or
omission.
In the
event of an error or omission by Fibre2Fashion, which detracts materially from
the Advertisement, Fibre2Fashion will either reinsert the Advertisement or
relevant part of the Advertisement in a subsequent issue. No reinsertion,
refund or adjustment will be made for any other error or omission or where the
error or omission is the result of delivery of materials which do not comply
with this agreement.
Fibre2Fashion accepts no responsibility for the
quality of reproduction of any photograph supplied by the buyer, its agents or
servants.
The buyer
will indemnify and hold harmless Fibre2Fashion from and against any claim that
the advertisement infringes the copyright, trademark or other intellectual
property rights of any person or that it is defamatory or infringes any other
right of any person. Fibre2Fashion reserves the right to withdraw and/or refuse
to publish an advertisement without liability to the buyer if it has a conflict
of business interest or reasonably believes that the advertisement may make
Fibre2Fashion or the advertiser liable to any complaint, claim or proceedings.
Third Party Interactions
The services may contain links to
third-party Websites (“Third-Party Websites”) and Apps (“Third-Party
Apps”) and advertisements (“Third-Party Advertisements”)
(collectively, “Third-Party Websites & Advertisements”).
When you click on a link to a
Third-Party Website, Third-Party App or Third-Party Advertisement, we will not
warn you that you have left our Website, server or services and we will not
warn you that you are subject to the Terms and Conditions (including privacy
policies) of another website or destination. Such Third-Party Websites &
Advertisements are not under the control of Fibre2Fashion. We are not
responsible for any Third-Party Websites, Third-Party Applications, or any
Third-Party Advertisements.
We provide these Third-Party Websites
& Advertisements only as a convenience and do not review, approve, monitor,
endorse, warrant, or make any representations with respect to such Third-Party
Websites & Advertisements, or their products or services.
You use all links in Third-Party
Websites & Advertisements at your own risk. You should review applicable
terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices of any
Third-Party Websites or Third-Party Apps, and make whatever investigation you
feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any transaction with any
third party.
You acknowledge and agree that our
services are not responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of
such links, Websites/Apps or any other resources; or (ii) the content,
products, or services on or available from such links Websites/Apps or
resources.
Additionally, Apple Inc., Google Inc.,
Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. and/or their applicable international subsidiaries
and affiliates will be third-party beneficiaries to this contract if you access
our services using Applications developed for Apple iOS, Android, Tizen,
respectively. These third-party beneficiaries are not parties to this contract
and are not responsible for the provision or support of our services in any
manner.
App Stores - You acknowledge and agree that the
availability of the Apps is dependent on the third party from which you
received the App license, e.g., the Apple iPhone or Android app stores (“App
Store”). You acknowledge that this Agreement is between you and Fibre2Fashion
and not with the App Store. Fibre2Fashion, not the App Store, is solely
responsible for the software and the services, including the App and the
services, the content thereof, maintenance, support services and warranty
therefore, and addressing any claims relating thereto (e.g., product liability,
legal compliance or intellectual property infringement). To use the App, you
must have access to a wireless network, and you agree to pay all fees
associated with such access. You also agree to pay all fees (if any) charged by
the App Store in connection with the App or the services. You agree to comply
with, and your license to use the App is conditioned upon your compliance with,
all applicable third-party terms (e.g., the App Store’s Terms and Policies)
when using the App. You acknowledge that the App Store (and its subsidiaries)
are intended third-party beneficiaries of the Agreement and have the right to
enforce them.
Prohibited Uses
You represent and warrant that you will not use our services to:
Upload or transmit content that
violates the privacy, intellectual property, or other proprietary rights owned
by us or any other party;
Transmit viruses, Trojan horses, worms,
malicious code, or other harmful or destructive content;
Violate this Agreement, or any
applicable law or regulation, including without limitation to laws designed to
regulate unsolicited email or other electronic advertising;
Attempt to probe, scan, test,
re-engineer or violate the security features of our services or of any
associated system or network, or to obtain unauthorized access to materials or
other information stored thereon;
Exploit or present minors in a sexual
way, or promote adult sexual services, representing a private person offering
to trade or sell drugs, alcohol, tobacco, firearms or other hazardous
materials, including participating in hate speech.
Remove any copyright, trademark, or
other proprietary notices from any portion of the services;
Use meta tags, hidden text or metadata
with our trademark, logo, URL or product name without our written consent.
Use our user information forge any
TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or
newsgroup posting, or in any way use our services to send altered
source-identifying information.
Share your password, let anyone access
your account or do anything that might put your account at risk, sell your
username or otherwise transfer it for compensation.
Encourage or help anyone do any of the
things on this list.
Attempt to interfere with the use of
the services by any other manner not expressly mentioned above.
Cause or launch any programs or scripts
for scraping, indexing, surveying, or otherwise data mining any portion of the
services or unduly burdening or hindering the operation and/or functionality of
any aspect of the services.
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to
or impair any aspect of the services or its related systems or networks.
Commit or attempt to commit an act of
money laundering or any other unlawful act in respect of services rendered.
We reserve the right to cooperate fully in any investigation by law
enforcement officials of any violation of this Agreement. We also reserve the
right to terminate your use of the services for violating any of the prohibited
uses.
You agree that the items you offer for trade on
Fibre2Fashion
shall not be fraudulent or involve the sale of
counterfeit or stolen items;
shall not Infringe any patent, trademark, copyright
or other proprietary rights or third party's trade secrets or rights of
publicity or privacy.
shall not violate any law, statute, ordinance or
regulation;
shall not contain software viruses or any other
computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the
functionality of any computer resource. or contains any Trojan horses, worms,
time bombs, cancelbots, Easter eggs or other computer programming routines that
may damage, detrimentally interfere with, diminish value of, surreptitiously
intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information.
shall not link directly or indirectly to or include
descriptions of goods or services that are prohibited under the Drugs and
Cosmetics Act, 1940, the Drugs and Magic Remedies (Objectionable
Advertisements) Act, 1954, the Indian Penal Code, 1860, Information Technology
Act 2000 as amended time to time and rules there under.
shall not host, display, upload, modify, publish,
transmit, update or share any information or list(s) any information or item
that belongs to another person and to which you do not have any right or is grossly
harmful, harassing, blasphemous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic,
paedophilic, libellous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially,
ethically objectionable, disparaging, relating or encouraging money laundering
or gambling, or otherwise unlawful in any manner.
Account Access
To use most aspects of our services,
you must register for and maintain an
active membership services account (“Account”).
You must be at least 18 years of age,
kindly refer our Privacy Policy  for more details. If you violate this clause then
we do not take any liability for the same under any legislation, regulation,
prevailing rules etc.
Account registration requires you to
submit to Fibre2Fashion certain personal information, including but not limited
to your name, address, contact number, industry you belong to, company,
title/designation, financial and credit card information.
You agree to maintain accurate,
complete, and up-to-date information in your account. Your failure to maintain
accurate, complete, and up-to-date account information, may result in your
inability to access and use the services or Fibre2Fashion’s termination of
these Terms with you.
You are responsible for all activity
that occurs under your account be it a free account member or registered
account, and you agree to maintain the security and secrecy of your account
username and password at all times.
For
Premium members & Corporate Members:
Trust
Sign Certification:
Fibre2Fashion
has tied up with a third-party verification agency, Global CIS Ltd. (providers
of global authentication & B2B screening) that certifies a company with the
‘Trust Sign Mark’.
This
certification only certifies the legal existence of the business organization.
Fibre2Fashion
is not liable for trust sign verification with respect to any information or
details or verification done by appointed agency.
The said
agency shall verify your personal or business information and may even ask for
some related business documents like business registration, business location
address proof, nationality ID of the owner or partnership deed or any other KYC
documents that may be required to verify the business existence by way of call
or email or any other source for trust sign verification.
You shall
be responsible for all the business documents, proofs or certificates that you
provide to the auditor of third party verification agency. We do not keep a
track or store the documents provided by you.
In case of any misuse of your said documents, only
you & not Fibre2Fashion shall be responsible.
By
applying for a Trust Sign certification, you agree to follow the verification
process within their set timelines & process failing to which the
certification result could be positive or negative. Fibre2Fashion shall not be
responsible for such a negative certification.
After due
verification process, the said agency will provide you with a unique
certification number which is valid for 1 year from the date of registration.
This Trust sign mark shall also appear against your
company’s leads posted on Fibre2Fashion.com.
Trust Sign Mark does not certify the credit
worthiness of a company or business or any individual.  It only implies to
the legal existence of that particular business.
Trust
sign mark is a part of Premium & Corporate Membership plan. Fibre2Fashion
pays to the third-party agency for every certification and this cost is
included in the Premium & Corporate Membership tariff.  Hence, the
user need not pay any additional amount for this certification.
Fibre2Fashion is not liable or involved in the
entire process of verification between the said agency and you. Fibre2Fashion
is merely a facilitator for providing trust sign verification. So, you can also
decide not to apply for certification process if your documents or terms
do not suffice the verification process. However, there would be no change in
the membership tariff in case you opt out to apply for the certification.
User Requirements & Conduct
You will not modify, create derivative
works of, decompile or otherwise attempt to extract source code and object code
from us. You agree that you will not upload, share, or otherwise distribute any
Content that is against any clauses mentioned in Clause 8.
We have the right at our sole
discretion to remove any content of any kind that, in our judgment, does not
comply with these Terms and Conditions of Use and any other rules of user
conduct, or is otherwise harmful, objectionable, or inaccurate. We are not
responsible for any failure or delay in removing such content.
You agree that we may at any time, and
at our sole discretion, terminate your account without prior notice to you and
without reimbursement if we suspect a violation any of these Terms and Conditions
of Use. In addition, you acknowledge that you will cooperate fully with
investigations by law enforcement authorities.
Payment and Commercial Terms
If you are a paid member, you agree to
pay all per-use Registration Fees or fees associated with your usage, as
appropriate ("Registration Fees"). All the fees paid through third
parties are subject to the third party's Terms and Conditions of Use, and we
will not be responsible for anything contained therein. You are responsible for
payment of any sales or use taxes associated with the Registration Fees or your
use of our services.
If, for any reason, your payment is not
received by Fibre2Fashion, your paid membership account will revert to free
membership account until payment is received by us. You agree that until your
paid membership account is terminated or expires, you will continue to remain
responsible for the membership payments, even if you do not use our service membership
payments are non-refundable.
All payments made by credit card or
wire transfer/Demand Draft/cheque for availing any service at www.Fibre2Fashion
are non-refundable and non-transferrable.
You or your Company
chooses to register on "as is" and "as available" basis for
various memberships & decide to pay the applicable subscription amount by
wire transfer, bank transfer, PayPal, Razorpay or online credit card payment
system, the service provider for which are Axis Bank and HDFC Bank, India.
Changes in Membership plans:
We may change our fees at any time by posting a new pricing structure to
our services and/or sending you a notification by email.
Intellectual Property Rights
The content displayed on the services
is our copyrighted property. Similarly, the service’s name and their original
content, features and functionality are owned by Fibre2Fashion and are
protected by copyright, trademark, patent and other intellectual property
rights. Copying, distributing, modifying, or creating derivative works of our
services without our written permission is strictly prohibited.
Neither your use of the services nor
this Agreement grants you any right, title or interest in our copyrights,
trademarks and patents or the intellectual properties so owned by us.
Fibre2Fashion trademarks and/or service
marks may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not
provided by Fibre2Fashion, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among
customers or users of the Website, tarnishes or dilutes the marks, or
disparages or discredits Fibre2Fashion.
Your use of any research report or information on
Fibre2Fashion is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable.
It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or
information available through this website meets your specific requirements.
The price, demand, supply or any other information
provided in any of the market intelligence reports is intended to be used as
‘reference’ only. Any decision made based on this information shall completely
be user’s responsibility.
Fibre2Fashion takes no guarantee of data accuracy
or other information provided in the form of any reports, country profiles, or
Articles. A user is expected to use this information at his sole discretion.
Reproduction of any content full or part of any
research reports is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright
notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
Network Access & Devices
You are responsible for obtaining the
data network access necessary to use the services. Your mobile network data and
messaging rates and fees may apply if you access or use the services from a
wireless-enabled device and you shall be responsible for such rates and fees.
You are responsible for acquiring and
updating compatible hardware or devices necessary to access and use the
services and any updates thereto. In addition, the services may be subject to
malfunctions and delays inherent in the use of the Internet and electronic
communications.
Disclaimers & Limitation of Liability
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE.” FIBRE2FASHION DISCLAIMS
ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, NOT
EXPRESSLY SET OUT IN THESE TERMS, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN ADDITION, FIBRE2FASHION MAKES NO
REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, OR GUARANTEE REGARDING THE RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS,
QUALITY, SUITABILITY OR AVAILABILITY OF THE SERVICES OR THAT THE SERVICES WILL
BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. FIBRE2FASHION DOES NOT GUARANTEE THE QUALITY,
SUITABILITY, SAFETY OR ABILITY OF THIRD PARTIES. YOU AGREE THAT THE ENTIRE RISK
ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, AND ANY SERVICE REQUESTED IN
CONNECTION THEREWITH, REMAINS SOLELY WITH YOU, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED
UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Fibre2Fashion provides an on-line
platform for exchanging information between buyers and suppliers of products
and services.
Fibre2Fashion does not represent
the seller or the buyer in specific transactions and does not charge any
commission for enabling any transaction.
Fibre2Fashion does not control and
is not liable to or responsible for the quality, safety, lawfulness or
availability of the products or services offered for sale on the web site or
the ability of the suppliers to complete a sale or the ability of buyers to
complete a purchase. User(s) are cautioned that there may be risks of dealing
with people acting under false pretences.
Fibre2Fashion uses several
techniques to verify the accuracy and authenticity of the information our
user(s) provide us. However, since it is not possible in all cases and is not always
accurate.
Fibre2Fashion encourages user(s)
to evaluate the user(s) themselves, with whom they would like to deal with.
User(s) acknowledge that user(s)
fully assume the risks of purchase and sale transactions when using the website
to conduct transactions, and that user(s) fully assume the risks of liability
or harm of any kind in connection with subsequent activity of any kind relating
to products or services that are the subject of transactions using our
services.
YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY AND FIBRE2FASHION'S ENTIRE LIABILITY, IF ANY, FOR
ANY CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF THE SERVICES SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT YOU PAID TO
FIBRE2FASHION, IF ANY, DURING THE ONE-MONTH PERIOD BEFORE THE ACT GIVING RISE
TO THE LIABILITY.
IN NO EVENT SHALL FIBRE2FASHION BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR
ANY SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY
KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE RESULTING
FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR
IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF THE SERVICES.
YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR MAKING BACKUP COPIES OF ANY AND ALL OF
YOUR CONTENT. FIBRE2FASHION SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO
YOUR CONTENT.
Indemnity
You acknowledge to defend, indemnify and hold Fibre2Fashion, its
affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, agents, partners and
any other licensors (each, an “Indemnified Party”) harmless
from and against any claim, disputes or demand, including reasonable attorneys’
fees, made by a third party, relating to, or arising from:
Your violation of any third-party right, including without limitation to
any right to privacy, publicity rights or intellectual property rights,
including content the user distributes through the services;
Your wrongful or improper use of the services;
Your violation of any applicable laws, rules or regulations or any other
applicable law through or related to the use of our services;
The indemnifications set forth above will survive the termination or
expiration of this Agreement and/or your use of the services.
In the event of a dispute with any
party to a transaction, you agree to release and indemnify Fibre2Fashion.
Severability
If any provision of
this Agreement is held to be unenforceable or invalid, such provision will be
changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of such provision to the
greatest extent possible under applicable law and the remaining provisions of the
Agreement will continue in full force and effect.
Account Suspension and Termination
We may terminate or suspend your access
to use any and all services, without prior notice or liability, for any reason
or no reason, including but not limited to if you breach any of the Terms and
Conditions of Use. We may terminate or suspend accounts that have been flagged
for suspected fraudulent activities.
Upon termination of your access to use
a service, including but not limited to suspension of your Account, right to
use or access our services and any information associated with them will
immediately cease and may result in forfeiture and destruction.
Some provisions including but not
limited to ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, limitations of liability
etc due to their nature shall survive termination of this Agreement.
Termination of your access to and use of the services shall not relieve you
from any obligations arising or accruing prior to such termination or limit any
liability which you otherwise may have to Fibre2Fashion or any third party.
Changes to Terms & Conditions
Fibre2Fashion reserves the right to modify the Terms of this Agreement
or its policies at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of
this Agreement on its services. You should regularly review this Agreement, as
your continued use of the services after any such changes constitutes your
agreement to such changes.
Entire Agreement
The Terms, together with any additional terms and conditions
incorporated herein or referred to herein constitute the entire Agreement
between Fibre2Fashion and you, relating to the subject matter hereof, and
supersedes any prior understanding or agreements (whether oral or written)
regarding the subject matter, and may not be amended or modified except in
writing or by making such amendments or modifications available on our services.
Governing Laws
The Agreement and any dispute arising from the same will be governed by
the laws applicable in India and/or applicable as applied to agreements entered
into and to be performed entirely within India, without regard to its choice of
law or conflicts of law principles. The holding company Fibre2Fashion Private
Limited will be liable for all purposes as under the terms of this Agreement.
Compliance with laws
You represent and warrant that your use
of our services will comply with all applicable laws and regulations. You may
not use our service for any unlawful or discriminatory activities, including
acts prohibited by the laws in India that apply to commerce.
You have complied, and will comply,
with all regulations, as well as data protection, electronic communication, and
privacy laws that apply to the countries where you’re sending any form of
communication through our services.
You agree to indemnify and hold us
harmless from any losses, including attorney fees, which result from your
breach of any part of these warranties.
Disputes
Disputes are defined as any claim, controversy, or dispute between you
and Fibre2Fashion, including any claims relating in any way to the present
Agreement, any supplemental Terms, or the services, amendments, or any other
aspects of the Agreement.
Binding Individual Arbitration
You and Fibre2Fashion agree to
arbitrate any and all disputes by a neutral arbitrator appointed by us who has
the power to award the same damages and relief that a court can.
Any arbitration under these general
terms will only be on an individual basis.
Class arbitrations, class actions,
private attorney general actions, representative actions and consolidation with
other arbitrations are not permitted.
If any provision of this arbitration
agreement is found unenforceable, the unenforceable provision will be severed,
and the remaining arbitration terms will be enforced (but in no case, will
there be a class or representative arbitration).
All disputes will be resolved finally
and exclusively by binding individual arbitration with a single arbitrator
administered by the provisions of Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996.
Any arbitration hearing will occur in
India, or another mutually agreeable location.
Powers of Arbitrator The arbitrator, and not any, local
court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating
to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of this
Arbitration Agreement including, but not limited to any claim that all or any
part of this Arbitration Agreement is void or voidable. The arbitration will
decide the rights and liabilities, if any, for you and Fibre2Fashion. The
arbitration proceeding will not be consolidated with any other matters or
joined with any other proceedings or parties. The arbitrator will have the
authority to grant motions dispositive of all or part of any claim or dispute.
The arbitrator will have the authority to award monetary damages and to grant
any non-monetary remedy or relief available to an individual under applicable
law, the arbitral forum rules, and this Agreement (including this Arbitration
Agreement). The arbitrator will issue a written statement of decision
describing the essential findings and conclusions on which any award (or decision
not to render an award) is based, including the calculation of any damages
awarded. The arbitrator shall follow the applicable law. The arbitrator has the
same authority to award relief on an individual basis that a judge in a court
of law would have. The arbitrator’s decision is final and binding on you and
theFibre2Fashion.
Opt Out. You may opt out of this Arbitration
Agreement. If you do so, neither you nor Fibre2Fashion can force the other to
arbitrate as a result of this Agreement. To opt out, you must notify us in
writing no later than 30 days after first becoming subject to this Arbitration
Agreement. Your notice must include your name and address, username (if any),
the email address you used to set up your account (if you have one), and a CLEAR
statement that you want to opt out of this Arbitration Agreement. You must send
opt-out notice to privacy@fibre2fashion.com and inquiry@fibre2fashion.com.
If you opt out of this Arbitration
Agreement, all other parts of this Agreement will continue to apply to you.
Opting out of this Arbitration Agreement has no effect on any other arbitration
agreements that you may have entered into with us or may enter into in the
future with us.
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY HEREIN, NOTHING IN THIS
AGREEMENT SHALL SUPERSEDE, AMEND, OR MODIFY THE TERMS OF ANY SEPARATE
AGREEMENT(S) BETWEEN YOU AND FIBRE2FASHION RELATING TO YOUR WORK AS AN EMPLOYEE
OR INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY INDEPENDENT
CONTRACTOR AGREEMENT GOVERNING YOUR SERVICES.
Other Provisions
A) Notice
Fibre2Fashion may give notice by means of a general notice on the
Services via electronic mail to your email address, you may give notice to
Fibre2Fashion via electronic mail to privacy@fibre2fashion.com
B) General
You may not assign or transfer these Terms in whole or in part without
Fibre2Fashion’s prior written approval. You give your approval to Fibre2Fashion
for it to assign or transfer these Terms in whole or in part, including to: (i)
a subsidiary or affiliate; (ii) an acquirer of Fibre2Fashion’s equity, business
or assets; or (iii) a successor by merger. No joint venture, partnership,
employment or agency relationship exists between you, Fibre2Fashion or any
third-party provider as a result of the contract between you and Fibre2Fashion for
use of the Services.
Cookies
Our services use cookies. For more details you can
refer to the cookie policy here .
Updates to services
Fibre2Fashion may from time to time
provide enhancements or improvements to the features/functionality of services,
which may include patches, bug fixes, updates, upgrades and other modifications
("Updates").
Updates may modify or delete certain
features and/or functionalities of the services. You agree that Fibre2Fashion has
no obligation to (i) provide any Updates, or (ii) continue to provide or enable
any particular features and/or functionalities of services to you.
You further agree that all Updates will
be (i) deemed to constitute an integral part of the services, and (ii) subject
to the Terms of this Agreement.
No Changes in Terms at your request
The terms mentioned herein shall not be changed by any one of you or
your group. The same terms and conditions of use shall be applicable for all users.
Contact Information
Fibre2Fashion welcomes your questions
or comments regarding the Terms: you can email us at inquiry@fibre2fashion.com
F2F NewsLetter
Subscribe today and get the latest information on Textiles, Fashion, Apparel.
Fibre2Fashion Monthly Updates
Upcoming Trade fairs & Events Monthly
Daily eNews Insights
Technical Textiles eNews Weekly
Please refer our Privacy Policy before submitting your information