http://www.sentry.com/terms-and-conditions
Search
Who we serve
What we offer
Why choose Sentry
Log in
About us
Careers
Contact us
For agents and brokers
800-473-6879
Find an agent
Website terms and conditions of use
Print
Please read the following carefully, as the terms and conditions act as a contract between you and Sentry.
View our NAIC numbers and state licenses here.
Unless otherwise specified herein, the term “Sentry” shall apply to the companies listed on our legal disclaimer page.
Website terms and conditions of use
Welcome to sentry.com, owned and operated by Sentry Insurance Group and/or its subsidiary and affiliated companies (collectively, “Sentry”). These website Terms and Conditions of Use (“Terms”) contain the terms and conditions upon which Sentry is willing to provide you access to and use of this Sentry website and all related pages, mobile applications, information, databases, materials, and services (collectively, the “Site”), and govern:
Any payment of premiums, renewals, or otherwise that you make to Sentry through the Site
Any request you make to Sentry to subscribe to any Sentry mailing list
Your use and purchase of any products, policies, and/or services available through the Site (collectively, the “Services”)
These Terms form a contract between you and Sentry. If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms, you may not access or use the Site or the Services. Use of the Site or purchase or use of the Services indicates your acceptance of these Terms, Sentry’s website Privacy Policy, and any other separate terms and conditions you expressly agree to be bound by when purchasing or using such Services. Please scroll down through these Terms to review important provisions regarding arbitration, limitation of liability, waivers, indemnities, and other important provisions. YOUR USE OF ANY PORTION OF THE SITE CONSTITUTES YOUR UNCONDITIONAL ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS.
If you have questions regarding these Terms, please contact us at webmaster@sentry.com, or call 800-473-6879.
License
You may only use this Site if you are at least 18 years of age. By accessing any portion of the Site, you have a limited license to use the Site and Services, including the limited right to view, bookmark, download, and print—for your non-commercial, personal use and information only—those pages of the Site that interest you, subject to any other terms and conditions of use and/or payment in these Terms or on the Site. These Terms cannot be waived or modified by any oral communications between you and Sentry.
Updating terms
Sentry reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, delete, and update portions of these Terms or other policies that govern use of the Site at its discretion, at any time, for any reason, including the right to terminate the Services or any part of the Services.
You should review these Terms periodically for changes. Any amendments and modifications by Sentry will be prospective only, and unless otherwise provided in the Terms, will be effective upon being posted on the Site. The Terms can be accessed from the link at the bottom of each Site page. If you use the Site after we post changes to the Terms, you agree to the changed Terms. In the event that any of the Terms are held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, such provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that these Terms shall otherwise remain in full force and effect.
If you have an account or other relationship with Sentry, that relationship is governed by the agreement specific to that particular account or relationship, provided that nothing in these other agreements shall diminish the protections and rights provided to Sentry under these Terms. Except what may be expressly provided in additional terms of use for specific areas of the Site or the above-referenced agreements, these Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Sentry with respect to the use of the Site.
Services information
Without limiting the disclaimer language in these Terms, the Services information contained on this Site is believed to be accurate at the time of posting. However, occasionally Sentry may find it necessary to make revisions. We reserve the right to make all such changes without notice. Additionally, Service availability varies by state. Not all of the Sentry companies are licensed in each state. Therefore, you can confirm the Services information by contacting us at 800-473-6879 or webmaster@sentry.com.
Site registration and personal information and unauthorized use
When you register, sign-up for, purchase, or make payments on any Sentry products or services, whether through the payment process, purchasing process, or otherwise, you agree to provide true, accurate, current, and complete information, whether through questionnaires, registration forms, or other information requests, including—without limitation—passwords, usernames, login IDs, Social Security number, driver’s license number, credit card and financial information, and other personally identifiable information (collectively, “Personal Information”). You agree not to provide Personal Information that is false, inaccurate, misleading, or fraudulent. You agree to provide Sentry with any information reasonably requested by Sentry related to the provision of the Services. You are solely responsible for all transactions and transmissions that occur through the use of your Personal Information, and it is your responsibility to maintain and promptly update your Personal Information. You agree that Sentry is not liable to you or any third party for damages or losses related to the accuracy or disclosure to Sentry of your Personal Information. It is your responsibility to maintain the confidentiality of your Personal Information, including your password for the Site. This will assist in preventing unauthorized use or misuse of the Site and protects you, Sentry, and other Site users. If you believe someone has used your Personal Information to access any Sentry services without your authorization, please contact us immediately at 800-473-6879 or webmaster@sentry.com
Fees and payment
You are responsible for promptly paying all fees or premiums associated with your use or purchase of the Services (the “Fees”) at the time of purchase, or in the case of payment of premiums, on or before the date such premiums are due. You are also responsible for any applicable federal, state, or local franchise fees, surcharges, sales and use taxes, and any other taxes (except those related to Sentry’s net income) related to the Services (collectively, the “Taxes”). You shall promptly pay all Taxes at the time of purchase or payment.
If you dispute any Fees related to purchase of any Services, you shall provide Sentry with written notice describing such dispute in reasonable detail and include with such notice all documentation as may be reasonably required to support your position regarding the dispute. All disputes regarding any Fees must be submitted to Sentry within 90 days of the purchase or payment of the applicable Services. If you do not dispute Fees within such time period, you waive all rights to dispute such Fees.
If the dispute is resolved in favor of Sentry and you have withheld the disputed amount, any payments withheld pending settlement of the disputed amount shall bear interest at 18 percent (18%) per annum or the highest amount permitted by law, whichever is lower, from the payment due date up to and including the date of payment. Sentry shall be entitled to recovery of all costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) incurred in enforcing your compliance with the Terms.
Restrictions on use of Sentry materials and the Site
Your use of the Site includes the limited right to view, bookmark, download, and print—for your non-commercial, personal use and information only—those pages of the Site that interest you. Your use of any materials or software from the Site is terminable by Sentry at any time under the circumstances described in these Terms.
Sentry or its content providers own all of the content, materials, and other intellectual property related to the Site and the Services, including—without limit—all text, graphics, photographs, music, data, images, audio and video clips, software, names, button icons, logos, images, designs, titles, words or phrases, page headers, service names, trademarks, patents, and copyrights (collectively, “Materials”). You have no rights to the Materials, except as expressly set forth in these Terms. Any use of the Materials, except as permitted by these Terms, is expressly prohibited.
The contents and use of the Site (including Sentry's name and the logos and software used in the Site) are registered and/or protected by U.S. and international copyright, trademark, and other laws. You may not delete or change any copyright or trademark notices, and cannot alter or modify the content in any manner without the express written permission of Sentry.
You further agree you may not:
Use the Site to transmit, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, email, or distribute in any way material or content that infringes any copyright, trademark, proprietary, or other right of any party or that violates these Terms.
Copy (except as set forth above for non-commercial personal use), modify, distribute, create any derivative or compilation work from, or display Sentry’s name or logo, or any text, graphic images, or other content from the Site or redeliver such content using framing or similar technology.
Use any device designed to provide repeated automated access to the Site other than those made generally available by Sentry.
Include the Sentry logo, and other marks, including but not limited to, Dairyland, Hardware Mutuals, Captain John Parker logo, Patriot General, Payback, Plain Talk, Project Partnership, Sentry, SentryWorld, Special 401“K”, and the names of various products and services described within and offered by Sentry or any other Sentry trademarked materials; the name of any Sentry personnel; or any variation of these items as a metatag or hidden textual element or in any other fashion that may create a false or misleading impression of affiliation, sponsorship, or endorsement between Sentry and you, any other party, or any other website—or otherwise use these items without Sentry’s express written permission
Collect, harvest, or store personal data about other users of the Site.
Upload, email, or otherwise transmit to Sentry or through the Site or any Sentry computer network any of the following: a sexually-explicit image or statement; advertising, promotional, or other unauthorized communication including without limitation, “junk mail,” surveys, unsolicited email, “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or other inappropriate or prohibited materials; and any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, easter eggs, or any other computer code, files, or programs that might interrupt, limit or interfere with, damage, surreptitiously intercept, or expropriate any system, data, or information related to the Site or any computer software, hardware, or communications equipment that is owned, leased, or used by Sentry.
Create a link to the Site without Sentry’s prior written permission.
Use the Site to advertise or perform any commercial solicitation.
Use the Site to post or transmit any threatening, false, misleading, abusive, harassing, libelous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic; profane material; or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law.
Use any robot, spider, scraper, or any other automated means to access the Site or the Services for any purpose without Sentry’s express written permission.
Forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or posting.
Take any action that Sentry believes, in its sole discretion, imposes or may impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the Sentry infrastructure.
Interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site, the Services, or any activities conducted on the Site.
Bypass measures used by Sentry to prevent or restrict access to the Site or the Services; violate or attempt to violate the security or authentication measures of the system; or attempt to prove, scan, or test the vulnerability of a system or network without proper written authorization from Sentry.
Contact other site users through unsolicited email, telephone calls, mailings, or any other method of communication.
Sentry reserves the right to disclose the identity of anyone posting or transmitting any information or materials violating the above prohibitions to law enforcement authorities.
Sentry does not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of communications posted by users. Nor does Sentry endorse any opinions expressed by users or any third parties using the Site. Any reliance on material posted by other users shall be at your own risk.
Sentry shall have a royalty-free, irrevocable, transferable right, and license to use any comments, ideas, suggestions, information, files, images, or other materials you submit, upload, or post to Sentry or the Site (“Submissions”) however Sentry desires. This includes—without limitation—being able to copy, modify, delete in its entirety, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, and/or sell and/or distribute such Submissions and/or incorporate such Submissions into any form, medium, or technology throughout the world. Sentry is and shall be under no obligation to do the following:
Maintain any Submissions in confidence
Pay you any compensation for any Submissions
Respond to any user Submissions
You grant Sentry the right to use the name you submit in connection with any Submissions. You are and shall remain solely responsible for the content of any Submissions you make. Sentry and its affiliates take no responsibility and assume no liability for any Submissions submitted by you or any third party.
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold Sentry harmless from and against all third-party claims, damages, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) against or incurred by Sentry arising out of any Submissions you post or allow to be posted to the Site.
Please review the Site’s Privacy Policy for more information regarding Sentry’s policies and procedures for disclosing and using your personal information.
Termination, removal of materials, and monitoring
These Terms are effective until terminated by either party. If you no longer agree to be bound by these Terms, you must cease use of the Site and any related Services. You agree that Sentry may terminate, restrict, or suspend all or part of your license to access the Site and delete any content transmitted to or through the Site at any time at its sole discretion, without prior notice to you and without any liability to you. Sentry also reserves the right to take any action relating to user-submitted information that it deems necessary or appropriate if such information, as determined in Sentry’s sole discretion, may create liability for Sentry, its agents, or its contractors or may affect Sentry’s business relationships or contracts with its agents or its contractors. Sentry further reserves the right to remove any materials that are defamatory, abusive, illegal, harassing, immoral, disruptive, or do not conform to these Terms—though Sentry shall be under no affirmative obligation to monitor any of the foregoing or to otherwise screen or monitor any communications or information prior to their posting. You agree that Sentry has the right, but is not obligated, to monitor your use of the Site and any communications made by you related to such use in any manner. You release Sentry from any liability related to its monitoring activities. If Sentry denies you access to the Site, you agree to destroy all materials obtained from the Site and all copies of those materials with the exception of your personal customer-account-related materials. You acknowledge that upon termination Sentry may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all related information and files in the account and bar you from further access to the files, the Site, and the Services.
Accuracy of materials
Although Sentry attempts to ensure the integrity and accuracy of the Site, it makes no representations, warranties, or guarantees as to the correctness or accuracy of the Site and the Materials. It is possible that the Site could include typographical errors, inaccuracies, or other errors, and that unauthorized additions, deletions, and alterations could be made to the Site by third parties. In the event that an inaccuracy arises, please inform Sentry so that it can be corrected. Information contained on the Site may be changed or updated without notice. Additionally, Sentry shall bear no responsibility or liability for information or Materials posted to the Site from any non-Sentry affiliated third party.
Website links and third-party information on the site
For your general informational use only, Sentry may provide access to third-party websites. These links allow you to leave the Site. Sentry is unable to verify—and takes no responsibility for—the contents of any third-party website that may be linked to the Site via hyperlink or otherwise, whether such link is provided by Sentry or by a third party (including any responsibility for the accuracy, timeliness, or suitability of the content of any third-party website to which Sentry may link). By providing access to other websites, Sentry is not recommending or supporting any third party, is not recommending the purchase or sale of any products or services of a third party, and is not endorsing or acknowledging that it is affiliated with any website’s sponsoring organization. Sentry does not expressly—or by implication—endorse, recommend, or make any representations or warranties related to any commercial product, process, or service (whether by trade name, trademark, service mark, generic description, or referral to a distributor or manufacturer) referred to on any third-party site or related to creation of links to such site. Before relying on any information contained on any third-party website, you are cautioned to undertake your own independent evaluation of its accuracy, completeness, usefulness, timeliness, and correct sequencing, and its protections against potential viruses and other malicious code in downloaded material.
Sentry may include third-party information on the Site for general informational purposes only. Sentry is unable to verify the accuracy or completeness of third-party information posted to the Site or accessible from the Site. Your acceptance of these Terms indicates that you agree Sentry does not guarantee—and is not liable to you for—the accuracy, results, completeness, authorship, or suitability of any third-party content, and Sentry is not obligated to maintain, verify, update, or post any corrections to such third-party information for any reason. Nothing in the Site referencing any third parties with whom Sentry conducts business—and nothing in these Terms—shall be deemed to create any agency relationship or affiliation with, or endorsement or sponsorship of, such third parties or make the third parties or your partners or joint venturers with Sentry, or otherwise provide you or any third parties with any rights to act on Sentry’s behalf.
Disclaimers and limitations of liability
This Site is for convenience and information purposes only, and is made available by Sentry with the
understanding that Sentry is not engaged in the practice of law, nor is it rendering legal, tax,
accounting, investment or financial advice. The information contained in this Site is of a general nature
and is not intended to address the circumstances of any particular individual or entity. No one should
act on the information contained in this Site without legal/financial advice from competent and
licensed local professionals.
In using this Site, you acknowledge and accept there are risks, including—without limitation—the risk of harm of people acting under false pretenses. You assume all risks associated with dealing with other users with whom you come in contact through the Site and other parties that use the Site or your Personal Information for unauthorized or illegal purposes.
YOU AGREE THAT SENTRY, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, CONTRACTORS, AGENTS, AND SUPPLIERS (COLLECTIVELY THE “SENTRY PARTIES”) HAVE LIMITED LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE RESULTING FROM LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) THAT YOU CLAIM ARISE FROM THE USE OF THE SITE, AND/OR ANY LINKED WEBSITE, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, TRESPASS, OR OTHERWISE AND WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. YOUR SOLE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SITE, SERVICES AND/OR LINKED WEBSITES IS TO STOP USING THE SITE AND/OR THOSE SERVICES. TO THE EXTENT ANY ASPECTS OF THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY ARE NOT ENFORCEABLE. THE MAXIMUM LIABILITY OF THE SENTRY PARTIES IS LIMITED TO THE LESSER OF THE AMOUNT (IF ANY) PAID BY YOU TO SENTRY TO PURCHASE THE PARTICULAR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES WHICH FORM THE BASIS OF YOUR CLAIM, OR THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU TO SENTRY TO PURCHASE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES IN THE THREE (3) MONTHS PRECEDING ANY CLAIM WHERE YOUR CLAIM DOES NOT RELATE TO PRODUCTS OR SERVICES PURCHASED, OR $100 IF YOU HAVE NOT PAID ANY AMOUNTS TO SENTRY. IF YOU LIVE IN A STATE THAT DOES NOT ALLOW THE WAIVER OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES, OR LIMITATIONS OR DAMAGES WAIVERS DESCRIBED IN THIS SECTION, SOME OF THESE WAIVERS AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. YOU AGREE TO PROMPTLY NOTIFY SENTRY IN WRITING IF YOU BELIEVE YOU HAVE ANY CLAIM AGAINST THE SENTRY PARTIES, AND, IN ANY EVENT, YOU AGREE THAT ANY CLAIM NOT BROUGHT WITHIN ONE YEAR OF YOUR DISCOVERY SHALL BE DEEMED WAIVED AND RELEASED.
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AGREE THAT ALL INFORMATION, SERVICES, SOFTWARE, AND CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE—AND THE SITE ITSELF—ARE FURNISHED FOR GENERAL INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY AND ARE FURNISHED TO YOU ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT ANY IMPLIED OR EXPRESSED WARRANTY OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, SUITABILITY, SECURITY, CORRECTNESS, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT). THE SENTRY PARTIES MAKE NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY REGARDING, ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR, AND DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY FOR THE CONTINUED AVAILABILITY; RELIABILITY; ACCURACY; RESULTS OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SITE OR ANY MATERIAL ON THE SITE; THE PERFORMANCE OF THE INTERNET; THE DOWNLOADING COMPATIBILITY OF ANY MATERIALS OR SOFTWARE WITH YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM; THE EXISTENCE OF ANY VIRUS, WORM, MALICIOUS CODE, OR OTHER DISABLING DEVICE FROM ANY SOURCE; THE UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF YOUR INFORMATION BY A PARTY OTHER THAN SENTRY; ANY TECHNICAL FAILURES (INCLUDING HARDWARE OR SOFTWARE FAILURES), INCOMPLETE, SCRAMBLED, OR DELAYED COMPUTER TRANSMISSIONS; AND/OR TECHNICAL INACCURACIES OR LOSS OR USE OF DATA, AS WELL AS UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OF USER TRANSMISSIONS BY THIRD PARTIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THESE TERMS. NO ONE IS AUTHORIZED TO MAKE ANY WARRANTY ON SENTRY’S BEHALF, AND YOU CANNOT RELY ON ANY OTHER STATEMENT OF WARRANTY. YOU ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY, APPROPRIATENESS, AND LEGALITY OF ANY INFORMATION YOU SUPPLY TO SENTRY.
Any references on the Site to product or service warranties provided by Sentry related to products or services already purchased by you are provided for informational purposes only. These references are not intended to extend, republish, or modify any warranties that accompanied the products or services at time of purchase or to create new warranties. When you provide Sentry with an email address for information delivery or otherwise request a non-secure delivery of information, you agree not to hold Sentry responsible for any misuse or unauthorized viewing of that information.
Indemnification
In consideration of your use of the Site, you hereby agree to indemnify the Sentry Parties (and any of its third-party service providers) from and against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs, and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) arising out of or related to your:
Breach of these Terms
Violation of any person’s or entity’s legal rights (including, without limitation, copyright, patent, trade secret, trademark, or other proprietary rights, or publicity, contract, moral, or privacy rights)
Violation of any applicable law, rule, or regulation
Negligence, recklessness, or misconduct
Unauthorized use of your Personal Information by a party other than Sentry.
Applicable law
Sentry controls and operates the Site from our offices within the State of Wisconsin in the United States. If you choose to access the Site from other locations, you do so at your own risk and initiative and are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws and regulations. You agree that the laws of the State of Wisconsin (excluding any choice of law rules) govern your rights and obligations relating to Sentry and your use of the Site.
Waiver
No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, by Sentry, any right, power, or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver hereof, except as expressly provided herein. Any waiver by Sentry of a breach of any provision of these Terms shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach and shall not be construed to be a modification of the Terms unless and until agreed to in writing by Sentry.
Copyright agent for claims of copyright infringement
We disclaim any responsibility or liability for third-party copyrighted materials posted on our Site. Pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, Sentry designates the agent below to receive notifications of claimed copyright infringement. If you reasonably believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide to Sentry’s designated agent the following information:
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest
A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed
A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Site
Your address, telephone number, and email address
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the information included in your notification is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner
Sentry’s designated agent for notification may be reached at:
Sentry Insurance Group
Legal Department
Attention: Shelley McEachen, Legal & Compliance Manager
1800 North Point Drive
Stevens Point, Wisconsin 54481
715-346-7982
Shelley.McEachen@sentry.com
Dispute resolution
If a dispute arises between you and any of the Sentry Parties, it is the goal of Sentry to work in good faith with you to quickly and amicably resolve the dispute. All disputes, claims, or controversies (“Claims”) arising under or relating to these Terms, the Site, or the Services that cannot be resolved informally, will be resolved by binding arbitration as described herein.
Any dispute arising under or related to these Terms, the Site, or the Services (including the arbitrability of such a dispute and the existence, validity, interpretation, performance, termination, or breach thereof) shall be finally settled by binding arbitration by a single arbitrator in accordance with the then-current Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), with the arbitration to be commenced no later than one (1) year after such Claim accrues. If you fail to commence binding arbitration within one year after such Claim accrues, it shall be deemed forever waived. A judgment upon an arbitrator’s award may be entered by any court of competent jurisdiction. The arbitrator shall be an expert in the field of Internet services. To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree that there shall be no class-action arbitration related to these Terms, the Site, or the Services. All parties shall bear their own expenses, except that the parties shall equally share the expenses of the arbitrator (except for the required non-refundable filing fees, which shall be paid solely by the party asserting the related Claim).
The above obligations to arbitrate shall not apply to violations of the Restrictions on Use of Sentry Materials contained above or prevent a party from seeking a preliminary injunction, temporary restraining order, specific performance, or other procedures in a court of competent jurisdiction to obtain interim relief when deemed necessary by such court to preserve the status quo or prevent irreparable injury pending resolution by arbitration of the actual dispute.
Exclusive jurisdiction and venue for arbitration or any other legal action or proceeding in any way related to the Site, the Services, or these Terms shall be in Stevens Point, Wisconsin. Any matter brought before a court shall be brought solely in the state or federal courts located in Stevens Point, Wisconsin. The parties hereby waive their right to a jury trial.
Independent parties
For purposes of these Terms, the parties hereto shall be independent contractors and shall not at any time be considered an agent or employee of the other. No joint venture, partnership, or like relationship is created between the parties by the Terms.
Notices
Customer notifications
Legal disclaimer
Privacy policy
Sitemap
System requirements
Terms and conditions
Web accessibility
Customer notifications
Legal disclaimer
Privacy policy
Sitemap
System requirements
Terms and conditions
Web accessibility
What can we help you find?
Search
×
Unsupported Browser
Warning, we have detected that you are running an unsupported browser.
We recommend upgrading your browser or running on a different browser.
In the meantime, this site may not operate completely.
Close