https://www.lg.com/us/legal
To properly experience our LG.com website, you will need to use an alternate browser or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE10 or greater).
LG.com utilizes responsive design to provide a convenient experience that conforms to your devices screen size. In order to get the best possible experience from our website, please follow below instructions.
If you're using Internet Explorer 9 or earlier, you will need to use an alternate browser such as Firefox or Chrome or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE10 or greater).
Skip to Contents
Skip to Accessibility Help
HOME
Legal
Legal
Copyright 2017 © LG Electronics USA, Inc 111 Sylvan Ave, Englewood Cliffs, NJ 07632. All rights reserved. "LG Life's Good" is a registered trademark of LG Corp. All other trademarks are the property of their respectful owners. Prices and products may vary by retailer. Designs, features and specifications approximate and subject to change without notice.
This page may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed. Users of the site may download or print one copy of any and all materials on the site for personal, non-commercial use, provided that they do not modify or alter the materials in any way, nor delete or change any copyright or trademark notice. All material on this site is provided for lawful purposes only. None of the information on this site may be copied, distributed or transmitted in any way for commercial use without the express written consent of LG Electronics Inc. LG Electronics Inc. reserves full ownership of and intellectual property rights in any materials downloaded from this site.
Submissions to the LG Electronics
Website LG Electronics does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through our web site. Please note that any information or material sent to LG Electronics will be deemed NOT to be confidential. By sending LG Electronics any information or material, you grant LG Electronics an unrestricted, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, transmit and distribute those materials or information, and you also agree that LG Electronics is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques that you send us for any purpose.
If you believe your intellectual property or other copyright-protected materials have been posted on any of LG Electronics' websites without your authorization, go to the
LG copyright notice page.
Liability
INFORMATION ON THIS WEB SITE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF NONINFRINGEMENT.
Information on this web site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Information may be changed or updated without notice. LG Electronics may also make improvements and/or changes in the products and/or programs described in this information at any time without notice.
The links in this area will let you leave LG Electronics web site whose address is www.lge.co.kr. The linked sites are not under the control of LG Electronics. And LG Electronics is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any changes or updates to such sites. LG Electronics is the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by LG Electronics of the site.
Disclaimer
The materials on LG homepage may contain inaccuracies and typographical errors. LG does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the materials or the reliability of any advice, opinion, statement or other information displayed or distributed through LG homepage. You acknowledge that any reliance on any such opinion, advice, statement, memorandum, or information shall be at your sole risk. LG reserves the right, in its sloe discretion, to correct any errors or omissions in any portion of the site. LG may make any other changes to the site, the materials and the products, programs, services or prices (If any) described in the LG homepage at any time without notice. LG homepage, the information and materials on the LG homepage, and the software made available on the LG homepage, are provided "As Is" without any representation or warranty, express or implied, of any kind, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability, non infringement, or fitness for any particular purpose, some jurisdictions do not allow for the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you.
Go to page top
1Free shipping not available for parts and accessories. Free shipping to qualifying US destinations in the contiguous United States; not available for P.O. Boxes, addresses outside the contiguous 48 states, international addresses, Army Post Office (APO), Diplomatic Post Office (DPO) and Fleet Post Office (FPO).
Prices, promotions and availability may vary by store and online. Prices subject to change without notice. Quantities are limited. Check with your local retailers for their final price and availability.
Because life waits for no one, at LG USA we create consumer electronics, appliances and mobile devices that are designed to help you connect with those who matter most. Whether that means cooking a nutritious, delicious meal for your family, staying connected on-the-go, sharing your favorite photos, watching a movie with your kids or creating a clean, comfortable place to celebrate the moments that matter, we'll be there for you every step of the way. Designed with you in mind, LG products offer innovative solutions to make life good. With intuitive, responsive controls, sleek, stylish designs, and eco-friendly features, our collection gives you the power to do more at home and on the go. It includes: Mobile: To help you stay connected your way, our mobile devices feature powerful smartphones and slim tablets that fit seamlessly into your life. And whether you want to download the latest apps, shop online, text, track your fitness or just surf the web, they make it easy to do it all on-the-go.
TV/Audio/Video: If you can't get enough of your favorite sports, the latest movies, love 3D entertainment -- or just want to listen to your favorite music in stunning clarity -- our newest electronics can help you experience it all in a whole new way. Another plus? Now, you can get a one-year Disney+ subscription with participating OLED TV model purchases, or a 6-month subscription with participating NanoCell TVs.Appliances: Created to help you enjoy more of what life has to offer, our appliance collection features ranges and ovens that can help you cook healthy, delicious meals more efficiently, clean your dishes faster, do more laundry in less time, and even clean and cool your house so you can enjoy a comfortable space all year long. Computer Products: Life happens in an analog environment -- and on a digital plane. And our newest computer products can help you experience the best of both worlds. Designed to give you crystal-clear images, deep blacks and rich colors, plus the speed and storage you need to work and play, safeguard memories and protect important documents, they can help you make the most of life in every way. From the very first note, our collection will transform your living room into a stunning home theater Explore our complete collection of LG electronics, mobile devices, appliances and home entertainment solutions -- and find everything you need to connect with your friends and family, no matter where they are.
Copyright © 2009-2020 LG Electronics. All Rights Reserved
LG Jeong-Do Management Ethics Hotline