https://www.mandmperformance.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
WHAT DOES M & M PERFORMANCE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Our Privacy Policy
Federal law requires us to tell you how we collect, use, share, and protect your personal information. Federal law also limits how we can use your personal information. Protecting privacy and security of our customers’ personal information is important to M & M Performance, LLC. Please read this Notice carefully to understand what we do with the personal information we collect both online and offline.
When you contact us to make a purchase, to discuss a problem or for any other reason, any personal information you provide is voluntary. We generally will collect the minimum information necessary to respond to your concerns or to conduct a transaction with you. In most cases we collect limited personal information such as name, address, telephone number, location you are contacting us from, and your email address. When conducting a sale or transaction, we also collect your personal account information such as your debit or credit card information including your card number, security code, expiration date on card, address affiliated with your card, and account information associated with your card to conduct the transaction.
COPPA. Our website does not intend to seek or collect data, personal information, or any other information from any person who is under the age of 13.
WHEN DO WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION?
When You Contact Us….
To place an order,To discuss product information;To discuss an order, problem, claim or return.
When We Contact you…
To ask if you will participate in a survey,To provide information in response to your inquiry or order;To send you promotional information about our products and services.
WHERE DOES YOUR INFORMATION GO?
Within M& M Performance, LLC…
we use your information within our company to fill your order, complete your purchases , respond to your inquiries;to send you additional information about our products and services;for use with trusted persons or organizations that assist us in the operation and management of our website;Non-personally identifiable information is used by us to gather data and statistics for site improvement and our own marketing purposes within our company. We do not share marketing information with third parties.
To State, Federal and Local Governmental Agencies…
When we are required to coordinate with law enforcement investigations, to follow up with on ID theft reports, or comply with court ordered disclosures of personal information as required by law.
To others outside government…
we only provide information to others in response to court orders and subpoenas;
WHAT WE DO TO HELP PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We offer the use of a secure server. Your credit card information is transmitted through via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway provider’s database only to be accessible by persons authorized with special access rights to such systems. We do not gather data for use by other third parties or other companies.
USE OF COOKIES
Cookies are small files that are sent by websites to your computer hard drive when you first visit a website. Our websites uses cookie files. You have the ability to enable or disable cookies through your own computer. Cookies provide us with certain information and tell us how often you visit pages from our website. Cookies also allow you to store preferences and user names, and register products or services with our site when we offer registration of our products. If you do not leave personal information at our site, the server will only know that someone with your cookies has returned to our site and will not know anything else.
LINKS TO OUR SITE
At our discretion, our website may include links (or shortcuts) to third party websites that offer related products, services or information. Third party links have separate and independent privacy policies, which are not approved by us. We are not responsible for, or liable for, the content of and activities to any linked sites, or links to linked sites.
AFFILIATES
M & M Performance, LLC is an Indiana Limited Liability Company. We are not affiliated with any other company or business.
PRIVACY PROTECTIONS UNDER CERTAIN STATE LAWS
You may have additional or other privacy protections under certain applicable state laws. We automatically limit internal sharing and do not share marketing information with third parties, regardless of your state. We comply with California and Vermont state laws prohibiting sharing of your information outside of our company (except as permitted by law) as long as our records indicate you are a Vermont or California consumer.
Notice for Nevada residents. We are required to notify you of the following contact information:
M & M Performance, LLCPrivacy Dept.16077 Prairie Rose Ave.Goshen, IN 46528
Bureau of Consumer ProtectionOffice of the Nevada Attorney General555 E. Washington Street, Suite 3900Las Vegas, NV 89101Phone: (702) 486-3132Email: BCPINFO@ag.state.nv.us