https://www.lawson-his.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Black Friday: Amazing deals
023 8072 4778|enquiries@lawson-his.co.uk
Welcome to Lawson HIS
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Who We Are
Lawson HIS Ltd is a limited company registered in England (00380831). This privacy policy sets out how we use and protect any information that you give us when you use this website. Lawson HIS is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Lawson HIS may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
Types of data we collect
Personal Data
While using our website we may ask you to provided us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identity you (Personal Data). Such information may include but is not limited to
Names & Addresses
Email Address
Phone numbers
IP Address
Our websites are not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
Cookies & Analytics
Our websites use cookies to collect information.  This includes information about browsing and purchasing behaviour by people who access our websites.  This includes information about pages viewed, products purchased and the customer journey around our website.
If you want to disable cookies you need to change your website browser settings to reject cookies.  How you can do this will depend on the browser you use. The website may not operate properly if cookies are switched off.
The type of information cookie allow us to collect may include but is not limited to:
Browser used
Pages visited
Links clicked
Duration of visit
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided, if you have consented to receiving such messages.
Sharing your information
We may share the information that you give us with third parties for the purposes of fulfilling and delivering your order, warranties, analysing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and providing customer service. Examples of third parties we may share your data with include:
Couriers
Suppliers & manufacturers
Payment service providers
Marketing platform providers
Data analysis platform providers
External auditors
HM Revenue & Customs
Fraud prevention agencies
Regulators and other authorities
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Your Rights
Lawson HIS Ltd aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
Whenever made possible, you can update your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to change your Personal Data, please contact us to make the required changes via enquiries@lawson-his.co.uk.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the right:
To access and receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you
To rectify any Personal Data held about you that is inaccurate
To request the deletion of Personal Data held about you
You have the right to data portability for the information you provide to Lawson HIS Ltd. You can request to obtain a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic format so that you can manage and move it.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
Newsletter
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Subscribe
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Shipping & Delivery
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Account
My Account
Returns
Warranties
Payment
This website and all contents copyright © Lawson H.I.S. Ltd, 1997-2020