http://www.snowpeak.com/pages/snow-peak-inc-privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
At Snow Peak we want you to feel comfortable knowing your information is protected when you browse our website. The information we learn from our customers is to help us personalize and continually improve your experience with Snow Peak.
User Consent to Privacy Policy
Any person accessing, browsing, or otherwise using the Snow Peak web site, either manually or via an automated device or program, shall be considered a “User.” All Users are bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy. Users consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of personally identifiable User information (“information”) pursuant to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Information Collected from Users
Snow Peak may store information you enter or provide in any way on our website.  This information is collect for example when you: visit our website, place an order, sign up for our email newsletter, or enter a contest or sweepstakes.  The information collected is the billing and shipping addresses, including e-mail address, phone and credit card numbers and expiration dates of Users who purchase products from Snow Peak through our website.
Information we collect may also include other personal or preferences information that you provide to us.  It may include information you submit about other people.  For example the name, email and mailing addresses and phone numbers of a gift recipient.
Personal information may also be collected if you send an email or call our customer service department. This information may be used to personalize the services we provide to our Users through product recommendations or special offers that we think will interest you.
Automatic Information
Examples of automatic information we collect and analyze to improve our service are: Internet Protocol (IP) address use to connect your computer to the internet, login, e-mail address, password, time zone, computer and connection information such as browser type, version, operating system, purchase history, platform, and browser plug-ins, cookie number, number you used to call our customer service line.  This information is used to help improve our website and to insure it performs optimally for all users.
Cookies
Certain types of information we automatically collect and store when you interact with our website. This is done using cookies; Snow Peak uses cookies and web log files to track site usage. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser to provide a unique personalize shopping experience, store items in your Shopping Cart between visits,
On most browsers you can adjust the settings to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, to have the browser notify you when you receive new cookies, or how to disable cookies altogether.  However if your web browser does not allow cookies, it may prohibit you using or interacting with all or parts of the Snow Peak website. The information cookies provide to Snow Peak help us to continually improve our services and information we provide on our website.
Use of Personal Information
Snow Peak uses personal information to:
Fulfill a User’s purchase request and notify Users of their order status.
Provide Snow Peak customers with changes in our website, product notices, new services, and special offerings.
Inform customers about the products that have been purchased from us
Improve the Snow Peak website, products, services, customer service, and marketing.
Respond to Users’ questions or comments
Administer a Users’ contest entry
Marketing Service Providers
We also share information with companies that provide support services to us, such as the companies that host the Snow Peak website, deliver products, maintain and manage customer information and/or customer communications, fulfill promotions, or help us market our products and services. We provide these companies with information so that they may provide services for us, and we do not authorize these companies to use your information for other purposes.
Subscription Preferences
When you provide Snow Peak with your email address you will receive our email newsletter.  You may choose at any time to discontinue receiving the Snow Peak newsletters by opting out or unsubscribing.
In order to deliver our e-mail newsletters Snow Peak will need to supply your email address to specific service providers who deliver e-mails on our behalf.  We also use service providers to authenticate and validate the information provided by our customers to help assure that our e-mail is successfully delivered.
Links to Other Websites
Our website or company blog offers links to other sites. We do not provide any personally identifiable customer information to these third-party Web sites.
These third-party Web sites have their own policies regarding privacy.  If you visit one of these sites you should review the privacy policy on that site.  You may have traveled to our site from via a link or through a banner advertisement on another site.  In such cases the site you linked from may collect information from visitors who click on these banners or links.  You may want to refer to the privacy policies of these third party sites to see how they collect and use this information.
Privacy Protection for Children
Snow Peak does not knowingly provide our service to persons under the age of 18 in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act.
Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
Snow Peak takes the protection of your information very seriously.  Snow Peak does not sell or rent your contact information to other marketers.  We may use the information you provide us with to improve and personalize our services, content and advertising.
Snow Peak may disclose information about our Users to comply with requirements by Law enforcement or legal process, to respond to claims, or to protect the rights, property or safety of Snow Peak or others.
Sale or Acquisition
In the event that another company acquires Snow Peak or all or part of its assets, we would provide the corresponding information regarding our customers and other users of this website to the acquirer.
Security
Secure Sockets Layering (SSL)
The Snow Peak website uses Secure Sockets Layering (SSL) to encrypt your personal information; this includes your credit card number, before it is transmitted over the Internet.  SSL is the e-commerce standard secure online transactions.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
We have taken steps to protect the information we collect from you from unauthorized access. Unfortunately, no system is perfect, therefore, Snow Peak makes no representation or warranties with regard to the sufficiency of these security measures.  Snow Peak shall not be responsible for any actual or consequential damages that result from a lapse in compliance with this Privacy Policy because of a security breach or technical malfunction.
Changes to Personal Information
Once you have made a purchase, registered to receive emails or otherwise registered on our website, please forward all immediate changes to info@snowpeak.com or contact Customer Service: 503.697.3330 ext.122
Amendments to Privacy Policy
We may update the Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on this site. All amended terms automatically take effect 10 days after they are initially posted on the site.  You should check this site periodically to review the most recent Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY DATED March 2020
Contact Information
If you have any questions or concerns regarding SnowPeak.com or our Privacy Policy you may contact us the following ways:
info@snowpeak.com
503.697.3330 ext.122 Hours: 8AM - 5 PM PST