https://www.bradfield-storage.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy describes how Bradfield Storage Handling Ltd protects and makes use of the information you give when you use this website. If you are asked to provide information when using this website , it will only be used in the ways described in this policy. We gather and use certain information about individuals in order to provide products and services and to enable certain functions on this website. We also collect information to better understand how visitors use this website and to present timely , relevant information to them.
We will never lease, distribute or sell your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or the law requires us to. Any personal information we hold about you is stored and processed in line with the General Data Protection Regulations. We will always hold your information securely.
We may collect the following information:-
Name and Job Title Contact Information including email address Demographic information , such as postcode,preferences and interests Website usage data including IP address,browser type & device technology Other information relevant to client enquiries that you have given us via contact forms, emails, post or telephone Collecting this data helps us to understand what you are looking for from the company ,enabling us to deliver improved products and services.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. Please see our Cookie Policy for more information.
How we may use data collected:-
To contact you in response to a specific enquiry and fulfil a contractual obligation.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
For our own internal records To improve the products and services we provide To customise the website for you
We only process your personal information for the reason of performance of a contract with you , for our legitimate interests as listed and described in this policy and where necessary for compliance with a legal obligation.
You will receive marketing communication from us if you have requested the information and have consented to receive the information. You can opt-out of receiving marketing communication at any time by clicking unsubscribe on any marketing email sent or by emailing sales@bradfield-storage.co.uk  and asking to be removed from our marketing list.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, unless you tick a box to indicate that you would like to be contacted for marketing purposes we will not do so
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at sales@bradfield-storage.co.uk
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 216/679..You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data . However in certain circumstances we reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request if the request is clearly unfounded , repetitive or excessive.  If you would like a copy of the information held on you please email sales@bradfield-storage.co.uk   or write to the following address
Bradfield Storage Handling Ltd
Forty Horse Close,
Codnor Gate Business Park,
Ripley,
Derbyshire,
DE5 3ND
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
If you feel that we do no deal with your data correctly and you are unsatisfied you may contact the Information Commissioners Office at  www.ico.org.uk