http://www.abcometals.com/privacy.html
Home  |  About Us  |  News  |  RFQ/Info  |  Privacy Policy  |  Site Map
Email: sales@abcometals.com
Products
Tubing
Rods and Bars
Fabricated Parts
Sheet/Plate
Strips
Billets
Stainless Steel
Links
INO
Copper Development Association
Chatham, MA
Privacy Policy
Abco Metals Inc. respects your privacy and the purpose for which our site visitors provide us information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.
Information Collected If you request or submit information to Abco Metals Inc. by sending an e-mail via the "mail to:" function or filling out a "request for information" form, we may save your e-mail address as well as any other information you may provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, e-mail, or phone to convey information about Abco Metals Inc. solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your e-mail and other information you provide will not be sold to any third party.
Information Collected by Others This notice addresses only the policy of Abco Metals Inc. website and not the sites that users access via links from our site. Abco Metals Inc. is not responsible for the information collection policies of other sites, nor for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, nor for the information or content contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.
Cookies Abco Metals Inc. website does not use cookies.
Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information If you would like to have your personal information removed from Abco Metals Inc., please send an e-mail via the feedback form, with "Remove personal information" in the subject line. To update, change, or correct your personal information, please send an e-mail via the feedback form with the appropriate changes.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information Abco Metals Inc. may disclose information when legally compelled to do so; in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
Periodic Policy Changes Please note that Abco Metals Inc. reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.
This policy statement is made in the name of Abco Metals Inc. and is effective as of June 01, 2007. This statement does not create an agreement between Abco Metals Inc. and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.
For inquiries contact:Abco Metals Inc.791 Main StreetChatham, MA 02633Phone: 508-945-5266Email: sales@abcometals.com
Abco Metals Inc. | 791 Main Street | Chatham, MA 02633 | Tel: 508-945-5266 | Fax: 508-945-5876 | Email: sales@abcometals.com