http://www.acca.org/policies
Skip to main content (Press Enter).
Member Login
Skip auxiliary navigation (Press Enter).
AboutMediaBlogACCA NowRenew Membership
Air Conditioning Contractors of America
Skip main navigation (Press Enter).
Toggle navigation
Content types
AnnouncementsBlogsCommunitiesDiscussionsGlossarySite ContentLibraries
Date range
on this day
between these dates
Posted by
Member Services Benefits of Becoming a MemberMember PortalContractor Forum/Online GroupsPriority Member ServiceIndustry Resources Workforce Development Resources for ContractorsWomen in HVACRTax ProvisionsCOVID-19 ResourcesResidential HVACCommercial HVAC & RefrigerationBuilding PerformanceRadiant & HydronicsSchoolsManufacturers & SuppliersGovernment RelationsHire A VeteranComforTools BrochuresVideos & WebcastsFile DownloadsACCA MIX® GroupsAwards ProgramsHVAC Industry MarketplaceDisaster PreparednessMember DirectoryACCA Partners & DiscountsAnnual Financial SurveyEducation & Events ACCA Conference 2021Fall Webinar SeriesUpcoming EventsRightTek Residential HVAC System Design CourseResidential HVAC DesignLight Commercial HVAC DesignQtech - Affordable Technician Certification & CEUsACCA Service Excellence BundleHVAC Code EssentialsHVAC for Office & Sales StaffEPA 608 Test Prep CourseRefrigerant Handling (EPA 608)Instructor Certification (EPIC)Resources for EducatorsRees Scholarship FoundationWOW – CSR TrainingWOW – Selling Quality InstallationA2L Refrigerant TrainingAdvocacyAccreditation What Is Accreditation?QA Contractor DirectoryApply for AccreditationRenew Your AccreditationNew Homes ProgramExisting Homes ProgramACCA QI Mobile AppResources & DownloadsStandards & Codes Technical ManualsQuality StandardsSpeed-SheetsApproved SoftwareBuilding CodesANSI ProcessOnline Store Shop NowMy AccountStore Info & PoliciesMemberships
Are you a homeowner or building manager? Find a contractor
Legal Notices & Policies
Legal Notices & Policies
Website Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | ACCA Protected Trademarks | Community Code of Conduct | Membership Terms of Service
Website Terms of Use
Welcome to this Air Conditioning Contractors of America Association, Inc. (ACCA) Website (“Site”). We hope that you find the information on the Site useful and informative. By using the Site, you accept and agree to abide by all of these Terms of Use. If you do not accept any of these terms, please do not use the Site.
Ownership
ACCA owns the Site and all of its contents, including but not limited to text, graphics, white papers, and data sheets (“Content”). United States copyright and trademark law, and international treaty provisions, protect ACCA’s rights in the Content.
Use
You may access, browse, and use the Site and make a reasonable number of paper copies of the Content for your own personal non-commercial use, provided that you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices and do not modify any Content. You may not, without our express permission, use the Content in any other way for any other purpose, including but not limited to: modifying, uploading, posting, adapting, editing, republishing, displaying, plagiarizing, performing, selling, licensing, creating derivative works of, or transmitting it. If you have any questions about permissible use, please contact us.
Laws and Access
The laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, excluding its conflict of law rules, shall govern these Terms of Use. The federal and state courts located within Virginia shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any disputes arising out of or relating to your use of the Site or these Terms of Use, and you hereby irrevocably submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts. If you access the Site from other locations, you are responsible for complying with applicable local laws. We make no representation that the Content is appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to the Site from jurisdictions where the Content may be illegal is prohibited. We reserve the right in our sole discretion to refuse or terminate access to the Site by you at any time.
Contracts
The Content is provided for information purposes only. It shall not be construed as an invitation to enter into a contract with you.
No Warranties
The content is provided “as is” without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. ACCA does not warrant that the content will be available at any particular time or location; that any defects or errors will be corrected; or that it is free of viruses or other harmful components. Your use of this site is wholly at your own risk.
Limitation of Liability
In no event shall ACCA be liable for any damages of any kind, whether direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, consequential, special, or otherwise, that may result from the use of or inability to use, this site, the content, or any links. This limitation applies whether the alleged liability is based on contract, tort, reliance, negligence, strict liability, or any other basis, even if ACCA has been advised of the possibility of such damage. In jurisdictions which do not permit the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, ACCA’s liability shall be limited to one hundred dollars ($100.00).
Submissions of Information
If you submit any personally identifiable information, we will treat such information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. If you submit any other information, including but not limited to copyrightable material, ideas, concepts, know-how, business methods, inventions, discoveries, improvements or techniques (“Intellectual Property”), you thereby grant ACCA a worldwide, nonexclusive, perpetual, royalty-free license (with right to sublicense) to use, modify, publish, display, copy, reproduce, perform publicly, and create derivative works of such Intellectual Property. You may not submit or transmit to or from the Site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, suggestive, inflammatory, or profane material, or any other material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under the law.
Revisions
We may update the Site, and these Terms of Use, from time to time. By using the Site following such changes, you accept and agree to abide by all such changes.
Trademarks
ACCA and ACCA products and services referred to in the Site are trademarks of ACCA. Other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. See here for a partial list of trademarks; list may change at any time, for updated trademark information, please contact trademarks@acca.org.
Reservation of Rights
We reserve all rights not expressly granted herein.
Contact
If you have any questions about these Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at any time.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless ACCA, its affiliates, directors, officers, contractors, agents and employees, from and against any claims, actions or demands, including without limitation reasonable attorneys’ fees and legal costs, alleging or resulting from: (i) any content or other material you provide to this Site; (ii) your use of this Site; or (iii) your breach of these Terms of Use. ACCA shall notify you in a timely manner of any such claim, suit, or proceeding.
Privacy Policy
Air Conditioning Contractors of America Association, Inc. (ACCA) respects your privacy and is sensitive to concerns regarding the collection and use of personal data. In order to provide you with information that is relevant to your needs and to fulfill specific requests on your part, we may occasionally request personal information from you. The information requested and how it is used will vary across our Web site.
ACCA has developed this Privacy Policy to explain why we collect particular information and how we will protect your personal privacy within this Web site (“Site”). The following information summarizes ACCA’s policy relating to the collection and use of information obtained from the Site. By using this Site, you consent to the collection and use of information about you in the ways described in this Privacy Policy. ACCA reserves the right to change its Privacy Policy at any time by posting the new privacy statement at this Web site’s home page. By using the Site subsequent to such changes, you consent to them.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
ACCA will only collect contact and other personally identifying information, such as your name, address, phone number and e-mail address (“Personal Information”), when voluntarily submitted by you, such as when you contact us or complete an online form or request. If you do not want us to collect any Personal Information, do not submit it to us.
Your Personal Information may be stored and used by ACCA, its business partners or suppliers to provide services to you, to create a personalized experience for you and to get in touch with you when necessary with respect to transactions conducted through the Site, material changes in our Site’s policies, new products or services that ACCA may offer or otherwise. If you do not wish to receive such materials, you may opt-out. (See the Opt-Out/Corrections section below for more information.)
Except as described in this Privacy Policy, we will not sell, rent or disclose your Personal Information to our business partners, suppliers, vendors or other third parties without notifying you of our intent to share the information and giving you an opportunity to prevent your information from being shared. ACCA reserves the right to disclose your Personal Information to its successors-in-interest or in connection with a merger or acquisition transaction or change of control or when required by law or necessary to protect the rights, property or personal safety of ACCA, its customers and/or the public.
Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information
Demographic and profile data (e.g. job title, corporate function) may be collected at our Site. In addition, when you access the Site, our Web server may automatically collect certain information that is not personally identifiable, such as your IP address, pages viewed, length of time spent on the Site and other transactions performed on the Site. We store and use the foregoing information, in the aggregate only, to diagnose problems with our server, to improve and track the success of the Site and to provide content of interest to you. We may share the foregoing information with advertisers or other third parties, including our business partners, suppliers, and vendors, on an aggregated basis without revealing any personally identifiable information.
Use of Cookies
Our Site may use cookies to enhance your experience while using our Site. Cookies are small electronic files that a Web site may transfer to the user’s computer and which are used for record-keeping purposes. Use of cookies makes Web-surfing easier for you by performing certain functions, such as saving your passwords or your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular Web site. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard.
Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our Site will not function properly when you view them.
External or Third Party Web sites
To the extent hyperlinks are utilized to access external or third party sites, you should be aware that these external or third party sites are not controlled by ACCA and, therefore, are not subject to this Privacy Policy. ACCA suggests that you check the privacy policies of these sites to determine how your personal information will be utilized by the proprietors of those third party sites.
Information Security
This Site has industry standard security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under ACCA’s control. All customer information collected by ACCA through the Site will be protected by an industry standard encryption scheme. All information, once received, is stored behind our corporate firewall. However, although ACCA has endeavored to create a secure and reliable Site, the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted via the Internet cannot be guaranteed. Accordingly, you should consider carefully if you want to submit sensitive information via the Internet.
Opt-Out/Corrections
If, at any time, you wish to stop receiving e-mail information from ACCA, you may unsubscribe by replying to the e-mail with the word “unsubscribe” in the subject line. If you want to update or correct your Personal Information, you may phone our customer service representatives at the telephone number listed here with any requests or changes. In the event ACCA receives such a request or change, ACCA may require you to confirm or verify any change to your record. Also, please be aware that it may take a few days to process your request.
Access by Minors
This Site is not intended for individuals under the age of eighteen (18) (“minors”). Accordingly, ACCA will not knowingly collect or use information from minors. Minors should not submit any personal information without the permission of their parents or guardians.
Advertising Policy
ACCA collects cookies on our Web site to capture information about page visits. This information is anonymous and ACCA uses this information only internally – to deliver the most effective content to our visitors. Information from the cookies is used to gauge page popularity, analyze traffic patterns on our site and guide development of other improvements to our site. ACCA does not require that you accept cookies, however, some functionality on our Web site, our product or service check-out process, and products and services may be disabled if you decline to accept cookies. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. You may also change your cookie settings through preferences options in our products and/or services, where applicable. ACCA never gives away information about our users. If you choose to e-mail us and provide personally identifiable information about yourself, ACCA will use this information only to respond to your inquiry. ACCA will not sell, rent or otherwise disclose that information to third parties unless such disclosure is necessary for the purposes set forth in this Policy, by law or a policy or notice contained or associated with a specific ACCA product or service.
ACCA uses analytics data and the DoubleClick cookie to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to our website.  Site visitors may opt out of the DoubleClick cookie by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page or they may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics opt-out page.
Google has additional information available about their Remarketing Privacy Guidelines, Policies, and Restrictions.
ACCA Trademarks
A partial list of federally-registered or otherwise protected trademarks; for complete information, contact trademarks@acca.org.
ComforTools
ComfortU
Powered by Manual D
Powered by Manual J
Powered by Manual N
Manual SPS
Manual Zr
Manual B
Manual D
Manual N
Manual S
Manual J
J (in reference to HVAC)
Air Conditioning Contractors of America
ACC
ACCA
ACCA logo
MIX Group
QA Quality Assured logo
IE3
IE3 logo
</h2
Air Conditioning Contractors of America Association, Inc.
1330 Braddock Place, Suite 350Alexandria, VA 22314 (703) 575-4477
Legal Notices & Policies | Contact Us
© 2020 Air Conditioning Contractors of America Association, Inc.
More Info
Quality Installation
Directories
Qtech
Workforce Development
MIX Groups
ACCA HVAC Blog
Contractor Locator
Follow Us
Skip Navigation Links
ContactDirectionsLegal Notices & PoliciesTech BulletinsQAP Renewal Checklist
Copyright 2020 Air Conditioning Contractors of America Association, Inc.
Powered by Higher Logic