http://www.goldcentral.com/about-lear-capital/privacy
Privacy
Your Privacy Rights
Effective Date (Last Updated): March 19, 2020
I. INTRODUCTION
Lear Capital, Inc. takes your privacy seriously and as such we take precautions to ensure that none of your privacy rights are violated.  This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) is intended to help you better understand how Lear Capital, Inc. (“Lear,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) collects, stores, uses, and discloses your personal information when you visit our website, www.learcapital.com (the “Website”), use our mobile application(s), inquire about our services, create an account, use our services, or otherwise interact with us (together, the “Services”).
This privacy policy applies only to our collection of information; it does not apply to information that you may provide to or is collected by a third-party site or platform, including those that link to us or that we link to. Any information that is provided to or collected by a third-party site or platform is subject to that third-party’s privacy practices and policies, including any privacy rights that the third-party may offer.
We follow this privacy policy in accordance with the applicable law of the United States and those of its states in which we operate. We do not operate in countries other than the United States and we do not knowingly offer or provide our services to residents of countries other than those of the United States.
By using any of Lear’s Services you are agreeing and consenting to the terms of this Policy.  It applies to all of the information we collect from you, regardless of how we collect it.
This Privacy Policy is governed by and incorporated by reference into the Terms of Service available at https://www.learcapital.com/legal/terms-of-service/. Therefore, please review both documents for a complete understanding of our terms and policies.
IF, FOR ANY REASON, YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY, PLEASE STOP USING OUR SERVICES IMMEDIATELY AND DO NOT PROVIDE US WITH ANY INFORMATION.
Please note that we may update this Policy from time to time in order to reflect changes we make to our privacy practices, regardless of reason.  If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will give you notice of these changes by posting the revised policy on this Website and, where appropriate, by other means.  By continuing to use this Website or our Services after these changes are posted, you are agreeing and consenting to the revised policy.
Finally, we are more than happy to answer any questions that you have about this Policy.  Please contact us by email at CustomerCare@learcapital.com or by mail at 1990 S. Bundy, Suite 650, Los Angeles, CA 90025.
II. INFORMATION PRACTICES AND POLICIES
1. How We Collect Your Personal Information
We collect information from you through our website and over the phone in order to provide you with more information about our services and to manage our relationship with you.  We also collect information from you when you apply to use our Services as a customer and to manage our relationship with you as a customer.  You will voluntarily provide most of this information directly to us.
We use cookies, pixels, and tags on our website and certain marketing emails, which collect your IP address and certain other information from you when you visit our website, including when you visit our website via a link on another website. For further details, please see our Cookie and Similar Technology Policy Section, below.
We also collect information using analytics tools, including when you visit our website.
The specific information we collect and how we use that information are discussed in more detail below.
2. What Information Do We Collect and When?
Information You Provide To Us.  Certain information we collect is provided by you voluntarily in using our Services.
When you submit an inquiry or create an account with us, we collect the information as part of the application process, which may include:
• your name;
• the username that you create;
• your email address;
• your physical address;
• your phone number;
• social security number;
• payment information (e.g., credit card information); and
• financial institution information (e.g., existing retirement account number, bank account number, routing number).
When you create an online account with us, we will also require you to create a password.  You can help protect your personally identifiable information by using a combination of letters, numbers and characters in your password, changing your password often, using a secure web browser, and signing off our Website when you are finished with its use.  We also encourage you to choose a password that is unique to our Website and not recycle your password for another site or company.
When you inquire about our services or create an account with us, we collect the following information:
• your name; and
• your contact information, which may be your email address, your phone number, or both.
When you visit our Website, we also collect the following information:
• the date and time that you access the Services,
• your internet service provider, mobile carrier, or data services provider,
• your IP address,
• the pages you visit,
• the features used,
• information about the task you performed,
• any information or product that you give us in performing the task,
• how you arrived at the Services
We may also collect information from social media platforms and networks that you use in connection with our website or mobile application. For more information about social media platform and network privacy practices, please review the privacy policies and settings of the social media platforms and networks that you use.
Emails. When you send emails to us, we retain emails in order to process your request, respond to your inquiry, and improve our Services. If you report a problem with our Services, there may be additional details requested.
Google Analytics. We have implemented certain Google Analytics Advertising Features. Google Analytics helps us analyze a user’s behavior on our Website and what online channels they used to find the Website. We then can create audiences based on users’ behavior on the Website to send them relevant advertising.
We do not currently permit third parties to direct ads to you on our sites and applications but third parties may do so on other sites to which we publish content.  You may choose not to receive or control targeted advertising from many ad networks and partners, data exchanges, and marketing analytics and other digital advertising and marketing service providers by clicking here.
Other Internet Technology. In addition to Google Analytics, we use other technology, such as software, pixel tags and web beacons, which are invisible code on a web page or email that are programmed to collect non-personally identifiable information about your use of the Website and our Services.
By using the Website and our Services, you consent to us collecting your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
3. How Do We Use Your Personal Information?
In general, we use personal and aggregated information collected through the Site to fulfill your requests for services, contact you, customize content, and improve the design and performance of the Site. More specifically, consistent with applicable law and choices and controls that may be available to you, we may use information collected from you, or from devices associated with you, to:
• to provide you with services, including responding to your inquiries and fulfilling your requests;
• to communicate with you generally about our services and services that we might provide, including products or services for which you apply or may be interested in applying for, or to provide you with updates or information concerning our services in which you are already enrolled, changes to terms, conditions, and policies and/or other administrative information.
• to serve marketing communications that we believe may be of interest to you, including, ads or offers tailored to you;
• to personalize your experience on the Site;
• to allow you to apply for products or services and evaluate your eligibility for such products or services;
• to verify your identity and/or location in order to allow access to your accounts, conduct online transactions and to maintain measures aimed at preventing fraud and protecting the security of account and your personal information;
• for business purposes, including data analysis, audits, developing and improving products and services, enhancing the Site, identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of promotional campaigns;
• to enforce our Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy;
• to notify you about any changes in or to our Site or other services;
• to fulfill our legal obligations to you; and
• as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to protect our operations; (c) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, or that which belongs to you or others; or (d) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
By using the Site, you consent to us using your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
4. Do We Share Your Personal Information?
We do not sell information that identifies you personally.
We also do not share information that identifies you personally with third parties other than as follows:
Service Providers. We may share personal information with third parties who service your accounts and provide services on our behalf.
Marketing Purposes. We may share your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and purchase information with service providers who we use to offer our products and services to you; to affiliated partners to market their products and services to you; to nonaffiliated partners to market their products and services to you; and for joint marketing with other companies.
Protection of Lear and Others. We may access, monitor, use or disclose your personal information or communications to do things such as (a) comply with the law or respond to lawful requests or legal process; (b) protect the rights or property of us, our agents, our members, our customers, and others including to enforce our agreements, policies and terms of use; and (c) to respond to emergencies.
By using the Site, you consent to us providing your information to third parties as detailed above.
5. How Long Do We Retain Your Personal Information?
In general, we keep your personal information for the duration of your relationship with us. Once you terminate your relationship with us, we generally will continue to store archived copies of your personal information for legitimate business purposes and to comply with the law.
Your information will remain subject to the terms of this Policy even if we undergo a business transition. We may transfer your information to a successor person or entity upon an acquisition or other corporate reorganization. You hereby consent to such transfers, and we may assign and transfer all of the rights, benefits, duties, and obligations of this Policy.
Please note that we will continue to store anonymous or anonymized information, such as website visits, without identifiers, in order to improve our Services.
III. YOUR CHOICES
Consistent with the rights afforded to California residents by the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), we afford certain rights to you regarding your personal information. Your rights include:
• You may request to learn the categories and specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you;
• You may request that we correct or update the personal information we have collected about you;
• You may request that we delete certain personal information that we have collected about you;
• You may request a list of those to whom we have disclosed your personal information;
• You may opt out of receiving future marketing materials and emails;
• You may opt out of disclosures of your personal information to third parties under certain circumstances; and
• Not be discriminated against as a result of exercising any of the aforementioned rights.
To exercise any of these rights, please contact us by email at JeremyJason@LearCapital.com, or phone us at 800.885.5327.
Please also be aware of the following additional information respecting certain of your choices:
1. Reviewing and Updating Your Information.
To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or permitting the requested changes or modifications to be made. Unfortunately, we cannot always ensure that such changes or modifications will be reflected in all iterations of your information as previously stored.
We make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your personal information and the ability to correct the information if it is inaccurate. We may decline to process requests that we believe in good faith are unreasonable or unduly burdensome (such as requests that are repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be impractical to satisfy).
2. Deleting Your Account and Personal Information. If you end your relationship with us, you can request that we delete your personal information by contacting us as discussed above.  When your information is deleted, we will do so consistent with any applicable legal requirements.  Please know we will follow through on your request unless we are required to keep your information by law or for legitimate business purposes.
IV. SECURITY AND STORAGE
We do not store your personal information on our own servers but, instead, use third parties, who take commercially reasonable steps to safeguard and deter unauthorized access to your information. In this regard, access to this information is authorized only for those who have a business need for such access. Please know that no platform, application, website, electronic database or other format or system is completely secure. Moreover, no data transmission over the Internet is completely secure nor can any be guaranteed to be totally secure, and, for this reason, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit. Therefore, we cannot guarantee that safeguards employed will prevent the disclosure of your information.
If you become aware of a security breach, please notify us immediately at JeremyJason@LearCapital.com or call us at 1.800.885.5327.
V. THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Our Website contains links to or from other applications and/or websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third party services. When you submit information or data to third parties, their privacy policies, not ours, will govern their use of your information and data. You should review the privacy policies and Terms of Use of all such third parties. We do not make any representations regarding the policies or practices of those third parties.
VI. COOKIE POLICY
We do use cookies when you visit our Site.
What are cookies? Cookies are small pieces of instruction stored on your hard drive or device (e.g., tablet or mobile device), not on our Site. Cookies provide us with information that we use to enhance your experience on the Site.
Why do we use cookies? We use cookies to collect information whether users are clicking on links or engaging with us. The cookie information may include the date and time that you clicked on a link. We also use cookies to learn more about our audience size and usage patterns and to customize our Site according to interests and provide a more personalized experience. You can obtain more information about cookies at All AboutCookies.org.
How can I disable cookies?  Your Internet browser contains instructions about how to remove persistent cookies.
Do Not Track.”  Some browsers have a “do not track” feature that lets you tell those websites you do not want to have your online activities tracked. At this time, we do not respond to browser “do not track” signals.
VII. CHILDREN
We require an individual to be at least eighteen (18) years old to be a user of our Services.  Our Services and this Website is not directed toward children under 13 years of age, nor do we knowingly collect information about children under 13.  If you are under 13 years of age, you are not permitted to submit personal information to us.  If we find out you are under 13 years of age, we will immediately, upon notice, cancel your account and delete all of your information.  If a parent becomes aware any of his/her children has submitted information to us, please immediately notify us by email at JeremyJason@LearCapital.com or call us at 1.800.885.5327.
VIII. LAWS IN OTHER COUNTRIES
We comply with United States privacy laws and regulations. We do not represent that our Website or Services are governed by, or operated in accordance with, the laws of other nations or jurisdictions, or that the Website and our Services, or any portion of it, is appropriate or available for use in any particular location. If you choose to access the Website or use our Services, you do so at your own risk, and you are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations. By using the Website and our Services, users from outside the United States acknowledge and agree that our Website is subject to United States laws and regulations, and waive any claims against us that may arise under their own national laws.
10. QUESTIONS
If you have any questions about either this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us by email at JeremyJason@LearCapital.com or write to us at 1990 S. Bundy, Suite 650, Los Angeles, CA 90025 or phone us at 800.885.5327.
The statements made on this website are opinions and past performance is no indication of future performance or returns. Precious metals, like all investments, carry risk. Precious metals and coins may appreciate, depreciate, or stay the same depending on a variety of factors. Lear Capital, Inc. cannot guarantee, and makes no representation, that any metals purchased will appreciate at all or appreciate sufficiently to make customers a profit. The decision to purchase or sell precious metals, and which precious metals to purchase or sell, are the customer’s decision alone, and purchases and sales should be made subject to the customer’s own research, prudence and judgment.
About Lear Capital
Why Choose Lear Capital?
Customer Care
Customer Reviews
Executive Leadership
Keeping You Informed
Why Buy From Lear
×
Gold: 24 Hour Spot
Gold
Silver
Platinum
Palladium
Today
1 Month
1 Year
5 Years
10 Years