http://www.rncasemanager.com//terms_of_use.asp
Terms of Use for Registered Employers of RNCaseManager.com
Home
Help
TERMS
of USE
Updated
4/13/2004
GENERAL
INFORMATION:
What follows are the "Conditions and Terms"
and Notices that apply to the RNCaseManager.com
website. Please read these carefully and fully as they
govern your usage of the RNCaseManager.com website.
Our website is offered to you, the user, only conditioned
on your acceptance without modification of the conditions,
terms, and notices contained herein. RNCaseManager.com
("We","Us","The Company")
reserves the right to revise these Conditions, Terms,
or Notices at any time by updating this posting. Users
of this site should check this page from time to time
to review the posted information for any amendments
as you are bound to them. The terms "You"
or "User" as used herein, refer to any entity
or individual accessing or making use of our website
for any reason. Your use of the RNCaseManager.com website
means that you have read all of this posting and agree
to it. Our Forum "Terms and Conditions of Use"
supplement this policy.
We
do not have a legal obligation to, and in general do
not, control the information provided by users of our
website, that in turn can be viewed by all other users
of the website. It is possible that a particular user's
information / content may be harmful, offensive, or
not accurate and in some cases be deceptively labeled.
We expect all users to use common sense and caution
in using our website.
CONTENT
AND USE OF CONTENT:
All
content, to include graphics, logos, images, navigational
buttons, data, etc, on this site are protected by U.S.
Copyright laws and may not be copied without express
consent of RNCaseManager.com.
RNCaseManager.com
is the owner of all intellectual property rights for
all material on the RNCaseManager.com
website. The alteration or deletion of any copyright
on materials obtained from the website is prohibited.
You must retain all copyright, trademarks, proprietary
notices, and services marks on website material that
you make copies of. You may not copy, distribute, sell,
make changes to, post on other sites, transmit, publish,
use, license, create derivative works from, or otherwise
use the content in any way for public or commercial
purposes without specific permission granted by RNCaseManager.com.
We welcome requests and can be contacted at RNCaseManager.com
For
job seekers using our site, we extend to you a nontransferable,
non-exclusive, and personal right to use and access
our website and it's material solely for your own use
and inconjunction with your job search, resume postings,
Forum use, and related activities. For Employers posting
jobs or reviewing resumes, we extend to you a nontransferable,
non-exclusive, and personal right to use and access
our website and it's material solely for your own use
and inconjunction with posting jobs or finding individuals
to fill positions with your company.
Page
Layout (to include color combinations, navigational
graphics, etc) and the "Look" and "Feel"
of our website are also part of RNCaseManager's copyrights
and trademarks.
The
adapting or copying the underlying code (HTML, Javascript,
Asp) is also prohibited. It is also protected by our
copyrights.
Throughout
the site, there exists copyright material authorized
for our use by third parties. This material is identified
by the individual copyrights and permission of use notices
RNCaseManager.com
does not warrant nor represent that the content/ information
posted by others is accurate, complete, reliable, or
truthful. We do not monitor the site at all times, though
we reserve the right to do so. We do not review nor
try to confirm the accuracy of any information / content
posted to our website. We do reserve the right, at our
sole discretion, to review and remove any content /
information, terminate any account, or deny access to
any users we find to have violated these Terms and Conditions.
RNCaseManager.com has no liability nor responsibility
to users for the performance or nonperformance of such
activities.
We do not claim to support, sponsor, nor endorse any
opinions, products, services, activities, or statements
made by any of the users of our website.
Our
website contains links and connections to websites operated
by entities other than RNCaseManager.com.
We provide these links strictly as a convenience to
our users and as navigational aids. RNCaseManager.com
does not control these sites and is not responsible
for them, including their content, availability, policies,
activities, products, services, etc. By the inclusion
of a link, RNCaseManager.com does not in any way endorse,
sponsor, nor necessarily support the said website. Users
of our site who choose to use the links provided, do
so at their own risk.
By
submitting content to any areas of our site, to include
but not limited to our Forums, job postings, suggestion
form, you automatically grant the company the royalty-free,
non-exclusive, irrevocable, perpetual, and a license
to use, copy, modify, publish, adapt, distribute, create
derivative works from, communicate to the public, and
display such works worldwide and/ or incorporate it
into other works in any form or media. This is all granted
without compensation or restrictions. In addition, you
warrant that all so called "moral rights"
in the content have also been waived.
ACCEPTABLE
AND UNACCEPTABLE SITE USAGE:
In
General, our website is to be used for lawful purposes
only and in conjunction with locating job opportunities,
seeking job candidates, and informational exchanges
(Forum use, Training, and Resource pages). Users of
our website who become aware of any element ( graphics,
words, services, postings, etc) that they find does
not comply with these Terms of Use, please let us know
immediately via e-mail to VickiP(at)rncasemanager.com
(When emailing, use @ symbol instead of "(at)" in address)
Users of the site agree not to use the website for any
of the below specifically listed unacceptable activities:
The
transmittal, posting, storage, or distribution of
any information/content to include text, images, data,
programs, or other content that is obscene, libelous,
racially or ethnically objectionable, harmful, invasive
to another's privacy, threatening to others, or defamatory.
The
transmittal, posting, storage, or distribution of
any information/content that violates any applicable
local, state, or national regulation or law.
The
transmittal, posting, storage, or distribution of
any information/content that infringes on any Patents,
Intellectual Property rights, Trademarks, Servicemarks,
Copyrights, or trade secrets of others.
The
transmittal, posting, storage, or distribution of
any information/content that violates the privacy
or personal rights of others. The impersonating of
any business or person or the misrepresentation of
any affiliations with a company or person.
The
deletion or changing of any content posted by any
other entity or person.
The
transmittal, posting, storage, or distribution of
any "Spam", "Junk mail", or "Chain
letters". The transmittal, posting, storage,
or distribution of any "Pyramid schemes",
"Club memberships", or any franchise or
business opportunities which requires recruitment
of others, uses sub-distributors or subagents, pays
commissions only (provides an insignificant salary),
or requires an up front or periodic payment.
The
transmittal, posting, storage, or distribution of
any promotional materials, unapproved or unsolicited
advertising, or any other form of solicitation, advertising,
or commercial promotion not approved in advance by
RNCaseManager.com for use on our site.
Unsolicited
telephone calls, mailings, e-mails, or other contacts
are prohibited.
The
transmittal, posting, storage, or distribution of
any false, misleading, or inaccurate resume information
which is not your own accurate resume ( living individual
seeking employment on a full-time or part-time basis
on their own behalf).
The
transmittal, posting, storage, or distribution of
any information/content that you do not have the right
to display or reproduce.
The
transmittal, posting, or distribution of any information/content
that contains corrupted data, viruses, Trojan horses,
worms, or anything else that is destructive in nature.
The
imposing of a disportionately large or unreasonable
load on our website's infrastructure. Attempting to
interfere or the actual interfering with the normal
operational workings of this website, to include acts
of "flooding","mail bombing",
or "spamming". The use of the website's
interactive elements (such as e-mail, forum, job search,
etc) in a manner that adversely affects the ability
of others to use those elements of our site.
The
deletion of any of our site's other contributor's
proprietary designations, legal notices, or unique
identifiers.
Attempting
to violate or the actual violation of our website's
security. This includes accessing data or portions
of our website not intended for such user. It includes
logging into a server or account which said user is
not authorized nor entitled access to. This includes
attempting to breach the security features of the
website to include probing or scanning for vulnerabilities.
This includes the forging of any TCP/ IP packet header
or any part of the header information in any forum
posting or e-mail. RNCaseManager.com will prosecute
to the fullest extent of the law any violations or
attempted violations of our website's security.
PRIVACY
OF INFORMATION:
Refer
to our separate published privacy
policy regarding the protection and privacy of information,
including personal and confidential, on our website.
Each
user of our website is responsible for maintaining the
confidentiality of their account numbers and passwords.
You will immediately notify us if you become aware of
any unauthorized use of this information or if you feel
this information has become compromised. Notify the
company immediately via e-mail
or by phone: (303) 300-2273
TERMINATION:
RNCaseManager.com
reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to terminate
or suspend any users access to portions of the site
or the entire site. This right may be exercised at any
time and with or without notice. Violation of these
Terms and Conditions or our inability to authenticate
information provided to us are some of the grounds for
termination or suspension of user privileges.
OUR
LIABILITY:
RNCaseManager.com
acts as a facilitator between employers, job seekers,
and the nurse Case Manager community. We do not screen
or necessarily censor any postings. The company is not
directly involved in the actual transaction between
employers and job seekers. As a result, RNCaseManager.com
can not control the safety, legality, accuracy, legitimacy,
or quality of the jobs offered, the resumes posted,
the ability of employers to offer the jobs listed, or
the ability of a Jobseeker to meet a particular job's
requirements. Users of the Internet must use caution
as there are risks associated with dealing with parties
whose true identity might be concealed. We have not
control over this matter. The inherent nature of the
Internet makes verification of a user's true identity
difficult if not impossible, therefore we do not confirm
who each user claims to be. Because we are not or do
not get involved in user to user transactions or control
the behavior of users of our website, you release RNCaseManager.com
from demands, claims, and damages (direct or indirect,
consequential or actual) of every kind and nature, disclosed
or undisclosed, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected,
arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.
Our
liability to you under all circumstances is limited
to $100
DISCLAIMER:
Use
this site at your own risk. The information/ content
and services of this website are provided "as is"
and without warranties of any kind, either implied or
expressed. To the fullest extent permitted by law, RNCaseManager.com
disclaims all warranties of merchantabiltiy, fitness
for a particular purpose, or noninfringement. The information
and services that are part of or made available through
our website may be incomplete, contain inaccuracies,
or typographical errors. We are constantly adding, changing,
or deleting information/ content found on our website.
We periodically make changes, delete, or improving the
services offered by our website. We do not represent
nor warrant that the website will be always accessible,
available, or service uninterrupted or error free. We
do not warrant nor represent that our website will be
free of viruses, worms, or other destructive elements.
We further do not warrant that the use or the results
of the use of the website will be accurate, timely,
or otherwise reliable.
Under
no circumstances including but not limited to, negligence,
will we be liable for lost profits, lost data, lost
business, business interruptions, or lost wages. This
limitation also includes indirect, incidental, special,
punitive, exemplary, or consequential damages that result
from the use of, or the inability to use our website
and it's services.
INDEMNITY:
You
agree to indemnify and hold RNCaseManager.com, officers
and employees, harmless from any claim, demand, or damage,
including reasonable attorney's fees, asserted by any
third party due to or arising out of your use or conduct
on our website.
GOVERNING
LAWS:
The
Terms of Use are governed by the laws of the State of
Colorado and the United States of America. Any disputes
relating to these Terms of Use or arising from the use
of the RNCaseManager.com website shall be resolved in
the state courts of Colorado or Federal court. If any
provision of these Terms of Use are found to be invalid
by any court having jurisdiction, the invalidity of
such provision shall not affect the validity of the
remaining provisions, which shall remain in full force
and effect.
ENTIRE
AGREEMENT:
The
Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and, as applicable, our
registration forms, constitute the entire agreement
between RNCaseManager.com and its users. The Terms of
Use do not constitute any joint venture, partnership,
or other relationship other than as expressly stated
herein.
Home
/ Employer
Services / Job Search
/ Job Seekers
Forum / Resources
& Links / ICM
Marketplace
Suggestions  /   Contact
Us
Copyright©
RNCaseManager.com 2001-2006 All rights reserved
Home |
Security & Privacy |
Services & Fees
|
Contact Us |
Resources