http://www.ebsb.com/terms-of-use
Text Size
Home
Terms of Use
WELCOME TO EBSB
Welcome to East Boston Savings Bank's website. Actual or attempted unauthorized use of this system may result in criminal and/or civil prosecution. We reserve the right to review, monitor and record activity on the system without giving notice or requesting permission. We compile and use this information to identify any suspicious activity or other legitimate purposes. Any information obtained through our monitoring and recording is subject to review by law enforcement in connection with the investigation of possible criminal activity. If you are not an authorized user or if you do not wish to consent to continued monitoring of your activity please exit the system at this time.
PRODUCT INFORMATION
Product offers, their rates, yields and all terms and other information provided on this website are subject to change without notice. East Boston Savings Bank does not guarantee the completeness, currency or accuracy of the information provided herein.
CALCULATORS
The information provided to you using calculators is based on your input and is presented as an estimate solely for your information. The results are not guaranteed to be accurate, and are in no way offered or guaranteed by East Boston Savings Bank.
ACCOUNT OPENINGS
Information presented on the site regarding any product offering of East Boston Savings Bank does not constitute a commitment to provide services. The appropriate disclosures will be mailed to users who open accounts at East Boston Savings Bank, or upon request. You may request these documents before opening your account, and we urge you to verify current information by calling 1-800-657-3272.
LINKS
Links to other websites are provided solely for your convenience and enjoyment. The listing and linking of a website does not is anyway indicate that East Boston Savings Bank reviews the content of these sites; nor does it endorse, sponsor or recommend the products, services or opinions found at these sites. Each website may have a different privacy policy with regards to the collection and sharing of personal information. EBSB does not ensure the confidentiality and security of personal information that you may provide on other websites. In addition, our website provides links to sites maintained by other organizations. You should be aware that any personal information you release on such linked Internet sites is governed by the privacy policies of those organizations and not that of East Boston Savings Bank.