http://www.esomar.org/privacy-policy
Go to navigation
|
Go to content
ESOMAR.org
Directory
Research World
Job Board
Young ESOMAR Society
Foundation
Log in to your account and profile
Your e-mail address
Your password
Log in
Reset password
Enter the e-mail address associated with your MyESOMAR account, then click Continue. We’ll e-mail you a link to a page where you can easily create a new password.
Please check your spam folder if you do not receive it in your regular inbox.
Your e-mail address
Cancel
Submit
Your query
Search
Administration (billing and payments)
Can I receive a hardcopy of the invoice?
If you require a hardcopy of the invoice, please contact us at finance@esomar.org or membership@esomar.org.
How and where do I receive the renewal invoice?
Membership renewal information and invoices are always sent by email directly to the member. We kindly ask you to arrange payment (either directly or via your company).
How do I pay online?
You can pay online on ESOMAR website with credit cards such as Visa, MasterCard, American Express, JCB, or V PAY by Visa. It is also possible to pay using online payment service from PayPal.
There is NO ADDITIONAL CHARGE to pay online by credit card or by online payment service.
Personal data (including name, address and credit card details) will be sent over a secure SSL connection and cannot be read by third parties.
I did not receive my renewal invoice. When is my membership up for renewal?
You can see the expiration date of your membership when you login to MyESOMAR and download the Membership Certificate. An invoice will be sent to you by email automatically approximately 2 months prior to this date. If you have not received an email, please check your spam filter as well. You can request the invoice at finance@esomar.org.
I received a credit note with last year’s renewal. How can I use it?
You received a credit note for early payment of the renewal fee for 2011. However, only the discounted fee was paid. In other words, the credit note was given for correct accounting only. There is no amount to credit from the 2012 membership fee.
I would like to pay online, however I received a message that the online payment website cannot proceed with my payment. What should I do?
Often an invoice number or date is entered incorrectly, causing the system to reject the online payment. Please double check that all information provided, including the invoice number, date and amount have been entered correctly.
Please note that it can take up to 24 hours for new invoices to be processed in our payment database. Therefore, if your invoice is dated today, it may not be possible to complete your payment until tomorrow. Please try again, however if the problem persists contact the ESOMAR Finance Department at finance@esomar.org
In order to arrange for payment my company needs to have a special contract/agreement signed off by ESOMAR. Is this possible?
Any additional terms and conditions must be agreed in writing (see our terms and conditions, paragraph 4).
I’m not receiving e-mail updates about my membership from ESOMAR. What should I do?
To ensure you receive important ESOMAR communications please make sure that your e-mail system security settings are not blocking our e-mails, generated by our CRM system NetSuite. Netsuite powers the e-mail communications we send, it is not an open relay and has strict anti-spam policies in place. Please make sure to contact your ISP and request to "whitelist" all Netsuite IP addresses. Further detailed information on Netsuite and its IP addresses can be found here.
My company requires a PO number to be added to the invoice. How do I get that done?
Please send us the PO number by email to finance@esomar.org and we will amend the invoice for you. Do not forget to reference the invoice number in your email.
My question is not listed in this FAQ. Who should I contact?
Please contact the ESOMAR Finance department
Email: finance@esomar.orgTelephone: +31 20 589 7866Fax: +31 20 589 7885
The company information on my invoice is not correct. How can I request a new invoice?
Send an e-mail to finance@esomar.org stating your:
Invoice number
The full company name, billing address and contact person that will appear on the invoice
The email address where the invoice is to be sent
Make sure you put "Invoice adjustment" as the subject of your e-mail. We will automatically cancel your invoice and send you a new invoice with the correct information within 2-3 working days.
Awards
How can I participate in the ESOMAR awards?
There are a number of ways you can participate in the awards; submitting projects, nominating candidates or writing papers for ESOMAR global events. More information is available in the awards section of our website.
What awards does ESOMAR offer?
ESOMAR celebrates excellence in the area of market research with a range of internationally renowned industry awards.
ESOMAR Excellence Award for the Best Paper
ESOMAR Congress Awards
ESOMAR Excellence Award For Standards Of Performance In Market Research
ESOMAR Young Researcher of the Year Award
ESOMAR Best Presentation Award
ESOMAR Research Effectiveness Award
Full details on the ESOMAR awards are available under our awards section.
When are the awards open for entries?
The awards are generally open to entries in the first 6 months of the year. The Excellence Award for Best Paper Award is open throughout the year. More information is available under our awards section.
Career development
How do I nominate students to attend ESOMAR global events?
We are always looking for student nominations and your support is appreciated. To nominate students, please read "How to nominate" and then click through to the nomination form. Students can only be nominated by their professors.
I am interested in getting involved in the research industry, can you help?
One of the best places to start understanding what the industry in your country has to offer is to get in touch with the relevant ESOMAR representative for your country or region. If you are doing a post graduate course ESOMAR offers a number of career events which we organise alongside academic institutions to showcase what research can offer young people.
I am interested in hiring a new colleague – can you help?
Advertisements can be placed on the ESOMAR Career Network for a small fee. All job positngs receive promotion through the ESOMAR website and member and non-members newsletters, received by more than 35,000 professionals.
I work in the research industry and am looking for a new challenge – can you help?
The ESOMAR Career Network has a number of career opportunities available. Be sure to check it frequently for new career postings.
Codes & guidelines
Are there circumstances where a researcher can pass on a respondent’s personal identifiable data to the client?
Unless national provisions require stricter regulations, a respondent's personal identifiable data can be passed on to the client only under the following conditions;
the respondent has explicitly expressed this wish and/or
the respondent has given their explicit consent and
on the understanding that no commercial activity will be directed at them as a direct result of their having provided information.
As an ESOMAR member, how do I make sure I am applying the ICC/ESOMAR International Code correctly?
Whilst the Code contains the key principles, ESOMAR's Notes to the Code provide more detailed guidance on how to interpret and apply the code in practice, for instance in relation to whether or not a respondent must be told if the researcher might wish to re-contact the respondent for a further interview at a later date.
ESOMAR has also issued guidelines on specific aspects of market, social and opinion research such as online research, social media research and research via mobile phone.
Can I make a complaint if an ESOMAR member does not abide by the ICC/ESOMAR Code?
ESOMAR has disciplinary procedures to examine cases of possible breach of the ICC/ESOMAR Code and Notes by an ESOMAR member. Our complaints procedure outlines the steps to follow to pursue disciplinary action against an ESOMAR member.
You will be asked to provide evidence to substantiate your complaint which will be reviewed by ESOMAR's Professional Standards Committee. If it appears that the complaint has merit, ESOMAR's Disciplinary Committee will examine the allegations further and if it finds that an ESOMAR member has breached the ICC/ESOMAR Code, it can impose sanctions ranging from a private warning to expulsion from membership as well as publication of the name of the individual and the sanction imposed.
Can researchers access content within private areas on social media sites?
If it is absolutely necessary for researchers to do so, they must have the site operator's permission, it must be made clear to all users that this is happening and they must provide individuals with a process to opt out from such data collection.
Researchers must observe great sensitivity interacting with people in private spaces and if this needs to be done, they must observe the recommendations of the guidelines on consent and notification.
For more details, go to the Social Media Research Guidelines.
Can we send unsolicited e-mails to recruit respondents for research purposes?
Researchers need to verify that individuals contacted by e-mail have a reasonable expectation that they will receive a contact for research. This means that all of the following conditions must exist:
A substantive pre-existing relationship exists between the individuals contacted and the research organisation, the client or the list owners providing sample for the research;
Individuals have a reasonable expectation, based on the pre-existing relationship, that they may be contacted for research;
Individuals are offered the choice to be removed from future electronic contact in each invitation in a clear and distinct way and this must be free of charge and easy to implement;
The invitation list excludes all indinviduals who have previously taken the appropriate and timely steps to request the list owner to remove them.
For more details, go to the Online Research Guidelines.
Can we share identifiable quotes from social media sites with our clients?
The ICC/ESOMAR Code states that personally identifiable data collected for research purposes can only be reported in an identifiable form or passed to a client if the person has explicitly expressed this wish or given their consent on the understanding that no commercial activity will be directed at them as a direct result of their having provided information. This is reflected in the Guideline on Social Media Research.
This permission should either be obtained via the social site's Terms of Use or by direct contact with the individual concerned.
If it is impossible to get permission, the information must be filtered to remove personal identifiers (if the data collection process is automated) or masked or cloaked so that the individual cannot be identified. Particular care is needed to anonymise comments on sensitive areas.
The guideline does not prohibit researchers from collecting personal data for non-research purposes, but it requires full transparency to respondents and clients in line with the ICC/ESOMAR Code which states that data collected for research purposes must not be used in any manner incompatible with these purposes.
For more details, go to the Social Media Research Guidelines.
Can we share respondent photos or videos from social media with our clients?
If the data collected includes images of identifiable people, researchers either need consent from the poster to share these with the client, or they must apply techniques such as pixilation of faces.
They should however keep in mind that in some cases, this might not be sufficient to anonymise the images in some B2B contexts or when researching very small groups and they should then refrain from sharing the photos or videos.
For more details, go to the Guideline on Passive Data Collection Observation and Recording and the Social Media Research Guidelines.
Do the same rules for online research also apply to interactive mobile devices?
Yes, the same requirements for contacting people, security and downloads apply. Researchers must also take into consideration additional issues such as how to deal with potential costs to the respondents, appropriate designs for smaller screens and how to handle location data.
For more details, go to the Online Research Guidelines.
Does ESOMAR publish a standard contract between client and research company?
As research studies can vary so widely, ESOMAR does not provide a standard contract, but to help both clients and research providers, it has issued a checklist of points to be considered including:
• Objectives of the research.• Technical specifications of the study.• Cost estimates.• Other contractual issues.
For more details go to the ESOMAR Guideline on How to commission research - Reaching an agreement on marketing research project.
How do I find out how the law applies in a specific country?
ESOMAR can provide some guidance on the rules regulating research in different countries but for details, contact the national association in the specific country. You can use the association search tool on the ESOMAR website, to find association contact details.
How long should a research company keep records?
In the absence of any agreement to the contrary, in the case of ad hoc surveys the normal period for primary field records (e.g. original completed questionnaires or similar basic records) should be retained for one year after completion of the fieldwork and three years for continuously reporting panels unless national law requires a shorter period.
To allow questions to be answered about how the research was conducted or about the results, including after the research project has been completed, the retention period of the following records shall be as follows, unless otherwise agreed with the client:
• primary records: 12 months• a copy of all other final versions of documents related to the research project: 24 months
The research service provider shall inform the client about the retention periods. The research serviceprovider and the client can agree on a longer or shorter retention period. This agreement shall be documented. If the research is later repeated, or further research is later carried out within the same project, the storage period shall be said to begin upon conclusion of the entire research project.
For more detail go to the ESOMAR Guideline on the Mutual rights and responsibilities.
If the contact list is provided by the client, can a researcher tell the client which people did not participate in the survey so the client can encourage people to respond?
ESOMAR does not recommend passing this information to the client. The distinction between market research and other data collection activities would be blurred since the research is in effect a joint effort between the researcher and the client. However, should the client wish to encourage people to respond they could send a general message to everyone on the list referring to the survey and research company, noting that some people might have already responded.
The normal approach is for the researcher to contact the individuals and remind them that they are invited to complete the questionnaire.
For more detail go to the ESOMAR Guideline on Customer Satisfaction Studies.
Must researchers obtain consent to collect social media data for research purposes when people post their views on websites which are open to the public?
Some people who post comments on social media sites might not mind that their remarks are collected and shared but others might take an opposite view.
The Guideline on Passive Observation to which this type of research is most akin states "The things that people are observed doing in a public place cannot be regarded as private or inaccessible to a researcher" and "There may be instances in public places where informed consent from individuals is impossible to achieve. In those cases public notice should be given about the data collection i.e. CCTV operation". This was written to guide researchers observing behaviour in physical spaces, but the same principles should apply to observation on social platforms.
The Guideline on social media research specifically refers to the Terms of Use of social media websites as a form of notification that data might be collected from their postings. But if consent has not been obtained (directly or under the ToU) researchers must ensure that they report only depersonalised data from social media sources.
For more details, go to the Social Media Research Guidelines.
Must researchers take special measures when interviewing children and young people online?
Researchers must always take all reasonable measures to ensure verifiable and explicit permission is obtained from a parent or legal guardian when inviting a child to participate in a research survey. They must avoid asking children and young people questions on topics generally regarded as sensitive and in any case handle this with extreme care. This may mean that certain types of surveys should not be undertaken. They must also avoid collecting personal information relating to other people (for example, parents) from children.
In the online environment, researchers will need to use special procedures to secure the permission of a parent before carrying out an interview with children. As an email may not guarantee that the email address given by the child is their parent's, nor that the person replying is the parent, we recommend telephone or mail confirmation directly from the parent/guardian.
Where researchers are setting out to recruit children for repeated surveys they should consider:
• Recruiting parents with children of the required age and then managing the research process with the agreement and monitoring of the activity by the parent.• Enabling password protection of surveys so that the entry of a password known only by the parent is required which means the parent must agree to provide it before the child can proceed in the research.
Prior parental consent will not be required to collect a child's or parent's e-mail address solely to provide notice of data collection and request consent or to collect a child's age for screening and exclusion purposes. If this screening leads to the decision that a child does qualify for interview, parental consent must then be sought to continue with the interview. For more details, go to the Online Research Guideline and the ESOMAR Guideline on Interviewing Children and Young People.
My client wants to observe a group discussion. Is this allowed?
Some clients may wish to observe an interview or group discussion for quality control purposes or to gain a better understanding of the research findings.
If so, the researcher must first obtain the agreement of the respondents concerned and also ensure that the observers are fully aware and abide by the ICC/ESOMAR International Code. The researcher should also ensure that the observers are not people who are likely to know or have a direct dealing with the individual respondents being interviewed. If they do, they should be asked to stop observing.
More detail may be found in the ESOMAR Guideline on Passive Data Collection, Observation and Recording.
Our client wants to know which companies were interviewed in B2B research. Can we provide this information?
B2B research is a difficult area. As far as we know, only Italian data protection legislation treats companies as legal individuals but Germany also has strict rules. You should always check with the associations in the relevant countries when conducting B2B research. Contact details for associations can be found on the associations section of our websiteA key issue is whether the client could identify individual responses (companies and individuals) from the data, once the client has the list of which companies took part in the survey.If there is any doubt about whether this would be possible, then the research agency should not pass on this information without the appropriate permission.Results should be presented in an aggregated form from which individual responses cannot be identified and in this case there should not be a problem releasing the list of companies included in the survey.
For more information visit the ESOMAR Guideline on Customer Satisfaction Studies.
What are the key ICC/ESOMAR Code principles?
The Code is based on eight key fundamentals:
1. Market researchers shall conform to all relevant national and international laws.
2. Market researchers shall behave ethically and shall not do anything which might damage the reputation of market research.
3. Market researchers shall take special care when carrying out research among children and young people.
4. Respondents' cooperation is voluntary and must be based on adequate, and not misleading, information about the general purpose and nature of the project when their agreement to participate is being obtained and all such statements shall be honoured.
5. The rights of respondents as private individuals shall be respected by market researchers and they shall not be harmed or adversely affected as the direct result of cooperating in a market research project.
6. Market researchers shall never allow personal data they collect in a market research project to be used for any purpose other than market research.
7. Market researchers shall ensure that projects and activities are designed, carried out, reported and documented accurately, transparently and objectively.
8. Market researchers shall conform to the accepted principles of fair competition.
What are the key privacy issues in online research?
The most important issues to consider when doing research online are fair collection, consent when sharing information and security.
Research companies must post clear and prominent privacy policies. Researchers must disclose information about identification and tracking technologies and other software in a timely and open manner with data subjects. This communication must provide details on the types of data if any, that are being collected and stored and how the researcher uses and shares the data subject's information.
Personal information about the respondent must not be used for non-research purposes or shared with third parties without the respondent's consent. Respondents must be able to easily uninstall research software without prejudice or harm to them or their computer systems.
Panel members should receive clear, periodic notification that they are actively recorded as participants, so as to ensure that their participation is voluntary. Active panel members are usually defined as a panel member who has participated in at least one survey if requested, and has updated his/her profile data or has registered to join the access panel, within a specified and recent period.
Researchers must take steps to protect information collected from respondents. Researchers must establish safeguards that minimise the risk of data security breaches and privacy threats to the data subject and make all reasonable efforts to ensure that their software and data collection methods are safe, secure and do not cause undue privacy or data security risks.
For more details, go to the Online Research Guidelines.
What are the some of the key issues for mobile phone research?
Researchers knowingly calling or sending text messages to a mobile phone for the purpose of conducting a survey shall observe the principles of respect and disclosure that are practised in fixed-line telephone research in line with the ICC/ESOMAR Code. These include identification of the calling party, the identity of the organisation that will receive the data if the company carrying out the call is only providing data collection and not analysis, notification as to the purpose of the call/survey, the voluntary nature of participation, the guarantee of confidentiality and consideration of local expectations about appropriate times for telephone calls.
In addition, researchers must consult whether individuals have a reasonable expectation that they will receive a contact for research. If calling they must remain mindful of concerns about privacy and intrusion and politely terminate the call when it becomes apparent that the recipient is not in a position or does not wish to take the call, is not competent, or is a child (unless the researcher receives consent from an appropriate adult to proceed with the call).
Researchers must also bear in mind that calls to mobiles can involve a charge to the caller and the recipient and either design the study so that the respondent incurs no cost, and if this is not possible, be prepared to compensate respondents for their cost.
For more details, go to the Guideline on Research via Mobile Phone.
What if my client cancels a research project but I have already incurred costs in paying sub-contractors?
To avoid disputes, ESOMAR strongly recommends that there is a clear written contract or terms of business agreed by the client and the research provider and this should include terms relating to cancellation.
For more details on issues to cover in the contract go to the ESOMAR Guideline on the Mutual rights and responsibilities.
What is the definition of a child as opposed to a young person?
The age definition of a child varies from country to country. For the purposes of the ICC/ESOMAR International Code, a "child" is defined as under the age of 14 years and a "young person" is defined as aged between 14 and 17 years where there is no specific national definition incorporated in a national code of practice or in national legislation.
The permission of an adult responsible for the child must be obtained before interviewing children aged under 14 years.
For more detail go to the ESOMAR Guideline on Interviewing Children and Young People.
When conducting product tests, who is responsible for ensuring respondents are not harmed as a result of their participation?
Researchers should take all reasonable steps to ensure that respondents are not harmed or adversely affected as a result of their participation in a product test. The researcher and the client should take into account the question of liability to the public in case of a complaint about of using the product and ensure that there is adequate and effective international liability insurance in place. This is particularly important if the product is unbranded, since the research agency may well find itself legally liable as the distributor of the product. While the client bears the main responsibility, the researcher also carries responsibility, for instance, for proper storage of the product or its delivery to respondents. The rules for legally controlled products like tobacco, alcohol and pharmaceuticals are much more restrictive and need to be checked at the national level.
Additionally, if recruiting children or young people, researchers must ensure that they have suitable permission .
For more details go to the ESOMAR Guideline on the Mutual rights and responsibilities of researchers and clients and the ESOMAR Guideline on Interviewing Children and Young People.
Why does ESOMAR require its members to abide by the ICC/ESOMAR International Code on Market and Social Research?
The ICC/ESOMAR Code contains the key principles which all members agree to uphold. It provides a frame-work for self-regulation as well as demonstrates practitioners' recognition of their ethical and professional responsibilities in carrying out market research. The Code is designed:
• To set out the ethical rules which market researchers follow;• To enhance the public's confidence in market research by emphasising the rights and safeguards to which they are entitled under this Code;• To emphasise the need for a special responsibility when seeking the opinions of children and young people;• To safeguard freedom for market researchers to seek, receive and impart information (as embodied in article 19 of the United Nations International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights);• To minimise the risk of governmental and/or intergovernmental legislation inadvertently damaging the interests of legitimate social, opinion and market research.
Why is it important for researchers to maintain a distinction between market research and other data collection activities and how do they do this?
Researchers must be transparent in their dealings with respondents and never allow personal data they collect in a market research project to be used for any purpose other than research. There are commercial activities that may appear to be similar to market research. Howevert heir aim is to use the collected data to target marketing or sales approaches directly at the respondent.
The ESOMAR Guide on Distinguishing Market Research from other Data Ccollection Activities provides guidance on how differentiate commercial and market research actions.
For example, if the intention in conducting a survey is to pass on identifiable data to the client to be used for marketing purposes, it must not be misrepresented to respondents as market research. In this case it must follow the legal framework established for commercial activities such as direct marketing. For more details go to the Consolidated ICC Code of Advertising and Marketing Communication Practice.
Commercial opportunities
As sponsors can we register delegates at a discount?
Yes. Sponsors may register delegates at a special price. The price is dependent of the level of sponsorship. For more information please contact our sales team on +31-20-6642141 or at business@esomar.org
Can we purchase a mailing list from ESOMAR?
No. In line with our privacy policy ESOMAR does not provide the direct contact information to any third parties. ESOMAR does not provide any direct email marketing solutions.
Do we get all the contact information of those that register for our sponsored webinar?
Maybe. Registrants to a webinar may opt-in to receive information directly from the webinar sponsors and in doing so agree to share their contact details. Personal data from the ESOMAR webinar delegates shared with the sponsor under this agreement can only be used according to the latest applicable data privacy legislation.
Do we get all the contact information of those that register for the event we sponsor?
No. In line with our privacy policy ESOMAR does not provide the direct contact information to any third parties. Everyone attending an ESOMAR conference/Congress will receive a list of participants, which includes their name, company name and country.
We would like to sponsor and present at an ESOMAR event. Can we?
Sponsors may build a 60 second commercial presentation into their sponsorship package. Sponsors may become part of a conference or Congress programme if they are selected to present by the programme committee. The sponsorship of an event has no bearing on decisions made by the programme committee, so sponsorship of an event does not influence or guarantee inclusion in the programme.
What advertising options are there in Research World?
There are a range of advertising options available in Research World. From a small 1/16 advertisement to a full false cover we provide a comprehensive range of advertising solutions. More information and pricing can be found in the Research World media pack
What does it cost to exhibit at an ESOMAR event?
ESOMAR hosts different types of events, from ½ day local events to a 2 ½ day global Congress, and provides various exhibition options, hence the cost to exhibit at an ESOMAR event varies. For more specific information on what events and exhibitions options there are please contact our sales team on +31-20-6642141 or at business@esomar.org
What is a commercial presentation?
At ESOMAR events we provide the opportunity for companies to make 60 second presentations to the entire delegation. The presentations may be a recorded video, a live feed, a short demo or speech. It allows a brief moment to peak interest in the delegates and when combined with an exhibition space, helping to drive traffic to your stand during the conference.
It is important to stress that the regular content of ESOMAR events is peer reviewed and not commercial in nature.
What sponsorship options are available?
ESOMAR hosts different types of events, from ½ day local events to a 2 ½ day global Congress,
and provides various sponsorship options. We are happy to tailor a sponsorship solution to meet your business objectives. For more specific information on what sponsorship options are available please contact our sales team on +31-20-6642141 or at
business@esomar.org.
Corporate membership - 1. Definition and eligibility
Can any type of organisation join ESOMAR as a corporate member?
Yes. Any company that has an interest in market, opinion or social research can become an ESOMAR corporate member.
Can multinational agencies and client companies have global membership?
ESOMAR Corporate Membership can be applied on a global level. For agencies, there must be one country-level key member for each listed country in the Corporate Membership agreement. This key member serves as a contact point and administrator for the organisation’s Corporate Membership at a local level. For clients, there is a single key member, who represents the client company globally.
The ESOMAR Corporate Membership is valid for a single brand. In this instance the organisation is represented by it\'s headquarters. If the organisation has entities and branches under a different brand a seperate membership must be acquired.
Is it possible for an organisation to become a corporate member without having individual members?
All Corporate Membership packages include at least one individual member, who is appointed as a point of contact between ESOMAR and the organisation. There is always the option for an employee to choose to remain an individual member or to apply for individual membership in order to receive the full regular member benefits. This should be an internal decision between the company and the employee.
What happens if the corporate signatory that undersigns the ICC/ESOMAR International Code on Market and Social Research on behalf of the organisation leaves?
If the corporate signatory leaves the organisation then a new corporate signatory must be appointed. The undersigned contract remains valid during this period.
What is ESOMAR Corporate Membership?
Traditionally, ESOMAR membership has been limited to individuals. However, with the approval of our members, we now offer companies the opportunity to become members as well.
ESOMAR Corporate Membership allows companies to extend the reach of their commitment to quality and ethical research. We now provide companies with the opportunity to register as an organisation for membership to ESOMAR as a corporate entity.
Why is ESOMAR opening its membership to companies?
ESOMAR had repeated requests from companies who wished to become members but who were unable to do so because the ESOMAR statutes were drafted around the concept of individual membership.
By expanding our membership, ESOMAR is better able to represent a much broader set of views on market research, which in turn will provide our global industry with a stronger and unified voice and a more established mandate with discussions with various legislative bodies.
In the past a number of companies have used the Individual Member Mark as a corporate seal of approval. This often caused confusion over whether a person or the company was the ESOMAR member. By opening our membership to companies, we can now offer a distinct, Corporate Member Mark for those companies who wish to have one.
Corporate membership - 2. Category, Structure, Terms
What are the Corporate Membership categories offered?
ESOMAR Corporate Membership is available to all companies, including service providers, research agencies and research users. Interested companies can apply under two categories:
Corporate Agency
Corporate Client
What is a designated member and what obligations, rights and benefits do they have?
A designated member is a professional employed at an ESOMAR Corporate Member organisation, who has been selected by a key Member to receive benefits under the Corporate Membership scheme.
The designated member has selected benefits, including the right to vote and use of the Corporate Membership Mark. However, designated members cannot use the Individual Member Mark and the individual membership certificate.
For more information, please refer to the membership section on our website
What is a key member and what obligations, rights and benefits do they have?
There are two types of key members. The headquarter key member is the main point of contact for ESOMAR in matters relating to facilitating and administering the Corporate Membership on a global level. They are responsible for providing details of country key member(s), and a contact for disciplinary procedure matters.
The country key member is the main point of contact for ESOMAR in matters relating to facilitating Corporate Membership on a country level. They are responsible for providing the names of local designated members, and a contact for disciplinary procedure matters.
Both the HQ key member and the country key member have the same rights and benefits as regular individual members, and are eligible to use the Corporate Member Mark in their communications.
What is a signatory and what are the obligations, rights and benefits?
The signatory represents the company and is able to undersign the ICC/ESOMAR International Code on Market and Social Research on behalf of the global corporation.
If the signatory is not an ESOMAR member, he or she does not qualify for benefits (discounts, voting rights, etc...) from the ESOMAR Corporate Membership agreement. However, the signatory does have the right to use the Corporate Member Mark, like any other employees of corporate member.
What is the structure of Corporate Membership?
A company who signs up to be an ESOMAR corporate member is represented by the signatory, who legally agrees to represent the company and who will undersign the ICC/ESOMAR International Code on Market and Social Research on behalf of the organisation.
Both corporate agency and corporate client members will have an appointed headquarter key member who acts as the main point of contact for facilitating Corporate Membership matters. The signatory and headquarter key member can be the same person.
For corporate agency members, a country level key member will be assigned to serve as a contact point and administrator for the organisation’s Corporate Membership at a country level. Country level key members also have the right to assign designated members for the organisation.
Corporate membership - 3. Corporate Benefits and Obligations
Can all individuals of a company take advantage of the organisation\'s Corporate Membership discounts?
Only key members and designated members within the company will be able to take advantage of products and services at the membership price points. However, all employees may use the Corporate Member Mark.
What additional services does ESOMAR provide to agency-side and client-side corporate members?
Corporate members have access to specific corporate-related products and services. These include preferential rates for ESOMAR events and publications for key members and designated members.
What are the obligations associated with an ESOMAR Corporate Membership for research agencies and clients?
All ESOMAR corporate members must abide by the ICC/ESOMAR International Code on Market and Social Research and ESOMAR Disciplinary Procedures. When applying for ESOMAR Corporate Membership, the corporate signatory undersigns the ICC/ESOMAR International Code on Market and Social Research and the ESOMAR Disciplinary Procedures on behalf of the global organisation, thereby undertaking to respect and adhere to the code in all research projects and agrees to be subject to ESOMAR’s disciplinary procedures when applicable.
It should be noted that all organisations should firstly undertake to apply their own disciplinary procedures when a complaint against one of its employees is received, notwithstanding any other/further disciplinary proceedings that ESOMAR may initiate as a result of the complaint. Client companies will undertake to promote the ICC/ESOMAR International Code on Market and Social Research and its principles.
For more information on the code and disciplinary procedures, please visit the Codes & Guidelines section on our website.
What does the Corporate Membership package include?
Corporate Agency Membership includes:
The right to use the Corporate Member Mark by all employees
Corporate Membership Certificate
Corporate member listing (online member search)
Headquarter company listing in the ESOMAR Directory of Research Organisations
Headquarter key member
Corporate Client Membership includes:
The right to use the Corporate Member Mark by all employees
Corporate Membership Certificate
Corporate member listing (online member search)
3 complimentary registrations to ESOMAR events
Headquarter Key Member
Both Corporate Agency and Client members can add designated members at an additional fee per member. Designated members recieve the usual ESOMAR membership benefits. Details of which can be found in the ESOMAR membership section.
Corporate membership - 4. Impact for Individual Members
How can I differentiate a corporate individual member from a regular individual member?
Since the commitment to the ICC/ESOMAR International Code on Market and Social Research of Corporate Membership is taken at a corporate level, corporate individual members are able to use and display the Corporate Member Mark in combination with Individual Member Mark.
Regular individual members can continue to use the Individual Member Mark and their Individual Membership Certificate to show their commitment to the code and quality research.
Corporate individual members are subject to the Corporate Membership disciplinary rules. However, ESOMAR reserves the right to initiate disciplinary proceedings concerning a breach of the ICC/ESOMAR International Code on Market and Social Research by a corporate individual member.
How can I distinguish corporate members from companies who have an ESOMAR individual member?
Only corporate members can use the Corporate Member Mark.
How does the introduction of Corporate Membership affect individual members?
The introduction of Corporate Membership will not affect individual members at all. Existing members will continue to have the same benefits and rights as before.
I am an individual member and I use the Individual Member Mark on my corporate website. Can I still do this?
The ESOMAR Individual Member Mark can only be used on a corporate website when the individual member’s name and profile are linked and visible. Therefore, if your company is not a corporate member, you can only use the Individual Member Mark to identify a single person as an ESOMAR member and not the company.
However, if your company becomes a corporate member and you remain an individual member, then you may use both the Corporate Member Mark (for corporate promotions) and your Individual Member Mark for individual promotion.
For more information on the Do’s and Don’ts when using the ESOMAR Membership Marks, please visit MyESOMAR, members only section of our website.
I am an individual member; does my company need to become a corporate member?
No. Current members can choose to remain as an individual member and retain full member benefits, without their company having to become a corporate member.
Is regular individual membership being phased out? What would the difference be between corporate individual members and a regular individual member?
Individual membership will continue as usual.  Current members may choose to keep their status to enjoy full regular membership benefits, regardless of whether their company is a corporate member.
Corporate individual members (key members and designated members) are part of the company’s Corporate Membership package. A key member by definition is also a regular individual member and entitled to all membership benefits, they are also required to represent the headquarters or a country. Designated members are only eligible for specific benefits as assigned under the corporate package.
A corporate individual member has the same voting and representation rights as a regular individual member and benefits from most of the member discounts (including discounts for events and publications).
All members under the corporate scheme may use the Corporate Member Mark. Only key members have the right to use the Individual Member Mark as well.
This will be closely monitored and controlled by ESOMAR.
What is the difference between corporate members and companies who have an ESOMAR individual member?
When a company becomes an ESOMAR corporate member, the organisation agrees to respect and abide by the ICC/ESOMAR International Code on Market and Social Research.
In an organisation with an individual member only that member has agreed to abide by the ICC/ESOMAR International Code on Market and Social Research and not the company as a whole.
Will the benefits and obligations of individual members change?
No, the benefits and obligations of individual members will remain the same.
Corporate membership - 5. Representation
Are all members under the corporate scheme eligible to run for the ESOMAR Council?
In accordance with article 4.2 and 15.5 of the statutes any Individual Member or representative of a Corporate Member may stand as a candidate for nomination as Council Member.
Do all categories of members have voting rights?
No. Young Professional & Graduate members do not have voting rights.
All other regular individual members, corporate members and the individual members within the Corporate Membership scheme (key member and designated member) will have one vote following the “one member, one vote” principle.
Do you have to be an ESOMAR member to be eligible to participate in an ESOMAR working groups?
No. ESOMAR working groups are formed by invitation only and at ESOMAR’s discretion. Membership is not required.
Does Corporate Membership benefit large agencies only?
No. The inclusion of Corporate Membership benefits large and small agencies as well as individual professionals. Having a more inclusive membership ensures access to a much wider range of opinions and views, and will provide for a much more comprehensive outlook on the industry –significantly strengthening our industry voice.
This will better facilitate ESOMAR’s mission to encourage, advance and elevate market research worldwide and benefit the industry as a whole.
Would the interests of individual professionals and small agencies still be defended?
Yes, ESOMAR will continue to defend the interests of all research practioners through our active participation in protecting the legislative interests of the industry as well as through our events and publications platforms.
Corporate membership - 6. Corporate Application
A key member is required to be a regular individual member in order to represent headquarters or a country. What information is needed for their application process and how long will it take to get an approval?
A key member application requires the same personal and professional details as a regular membership application. This also includes a professional reference to support the application. The process generally takes around 2-3 weeks for approval.
How do I apply for Corporate Membership?
Corporate Membership can only be applied for by the corporate headquarters and requires a corporate signatory willing to undersign the ICC/ESOMAR International Code on Market and Social Research and ESOMAR Disciplinary Procedures on behalf of the organisation. To obtain information on applying please contact ESOMAR Members Services at corporate.membership@esomar.org.
How do I renew my company\'s Corporate Membership?
The HQ key member will receive a reminder message for renewal in October/November of each year outlining the current membership status and overview. If there’s no change, then the Corporate Membership will automatically be renewed, unless otherwise indicated by the HQ key member.
How long does a company\'s Corporate Membership remain valid?
Corporate Membership is valid for 1 calendar year, from 1 January until 31 December.
How long does the Corporate Membership approval process take?
Corporate Membership applications will be processed within 2-3 weeks from the application submission date and once payment has been received by ESOMAR.
How to resign from Corporate Membership?
For a resignation to take effect, the HQ Key member must contact ESOMAR Membership Services at corporate.membership@esomar.org in writing no later than 3-months from the date of renewal. This notice period is non-negotiable.
I am currently a regular individual member - how do I transfer to corporate?
Should you be interested in becoming corporate member, please contact your corporate headquarters for more information on your company’s policies for ESOMAR Corporate Membership.
Is a company listing in the ESOMAR Directory included in the Corporate Membership package?
The Corporate Agency Membership package includes 1 company listing in the ESOMAR Directory for the corporate headquarters. Multi-country listings for other offices can be purchased at an additional price.
What happens to all key and designated members if a company resigns from Corporate Membership?
Corporate Membership is company-based membership. All memberships under the corporate scheme within the company can be terminated once the organisation ceases to be a corporate member. However both key and designated members can transfer to individual ESOMAR memberships under the standard rules. We recommend discussing your options with our membership team at membership@esomar.org
What information needs to be provided to apply for Corporate Membership?
To apply for Corporate Membership, you will be asked to provide your organisation name and it’s headquarter details, Signatory, and details of a person in the corporate headquarters who shall act as the global point of contact for facilitating Corporate Membership matters.
For more information on required application information, please contact ESOMAR Membership Services at corporate.membership@esomar.org.
Corporate membership - 7. Corporate Member & Benefits Management
Corporate Membership certificate... where is it stored and how can I get a copy of it?
Your Corporate Membership certificate is accessible for download in the ESOMAR members-only section, MyESOMAR.
How and where can I access more information on my company\'s Corporate Membership benefits?
An overview of your company’s Corporate Membership benefits can be accessed under your organisation’s corporate page in the ESOMAR members-only section, MyESOMAR.
How can I update my company listing?
Your company listing in the ESOMAR Directory of Research Organisations can be managed with the account details provided to your assigned contact person.
Your corporate headquarter listing in the corporate members search will be managed by your HQ Key Member in ESOMAR’s members-only section, MyESOMAR.
Is it possible to change Designated Member(s) during the year?
Designated Member status is only transferable at the end of a calendar year or when the designated person leaves the company or is deceased.
Our global Signatory has left the company. Are we still obliged under the Corporate Membership contract? Do we have to replace the Signatory?
Corporate Membership requires that a Signatory undersigns the ICC/ESOMAR International Code on Market and Social Research and ESOMAR Disciplinary Procedures on behalf of the global organisation, As the Signatory was the legal representative of the company at the time of signing of the contract; the company obligations still remain. A new Signatory should however be appointed to fill the vacant position and ESOMAR should be notified of this replacement in writing.
Our HQ or Country Key member has left. Must we find a replacement?
A Key Member is required in the corporate headquarters and on a country level, to serve as the formal point of contact to facilitate Corporate Membership. Therefore, if the current Key Member resigns or leaves the company, the organisation is required to assign another person as the Key Member. If the person is not an existing ESOMAR individual member, then he/she must follow the normal application procedure for regular individual membership to become the Key Member.
When and how do I receive login details for MyESOMAR?
Upon approval of your Corporate Membership application, the Signatory and HQ Key Member will receive the account details from ESOMAR Member Services.
Corporate membership - 8. Corporate Administration (Billing and Payments)
Do I receive one invoice for all Corporate Membership related expenses?
No. For Corporate Agency members, the invoice will consist of the base fee for Corporate Membership and the fee for the additional countries registered in addition to the corporate headquarters. The invoice will include costs associated with the HQ key Member, Country Key Member(s), and corporate headquarter listing in the ESOMAR Directory of Research Organisations.
For Corporate Client member, the invoice will contain the fee for Corporate Membership, including the HQ key Member.
Both Corporate Agency and Corporate Client members will have their invoices for Designated Member(s) sent to the respective Key Member(s).
The invoices for any additional company listing(s) in the ESOMAR Directory of Research Organisations will be sent to the assigned contact person for administrative matters.
What are the costs of Corporate Membership?
For agency-side companies, the cost of Corporate Membership depends on the size of your organisation, which is based on the number of Full-Time Employees (FTE) globally and on the number of countries your organisation is operating in.
For client-side companies, a fixed fee applied.
You can request a detailed overview by filling in the Corporate Membership request for information form on membership section of our website.
Will I be charged VAT on Corporate Membership invoices?
Yes, VAT can be charged on Corporate Membership invoices.
Dutch VAT will be applied to all customers located in the Netherlands.
The reversed charged principle will be applied for European customers that provide ESOMAR with a valid VAT number.
All customers outside of the European Union are exempt from VAT
Directory
How do sponsored listings work?
A sponsored listing means your company directory listing always appears above the competition at the top of the search results for a specific specialization or country. You will also randomly appear on the Directory Homepage if you also have a Premium listing!
Are there any additional rules or regulations for listing my company in the ESOMAR Directory?
Subject to the ESOMAR Directory of Research rules and regulations, for a company to obtain and maintain a Directory listing, the company must have a physical presence in a country. Postbox and/or telephone number are not sufficient. Each office listed in the Directory of Research needs to be a registered office of the company, occupied by at least one full-time member of staff.
Upon registration or in case the legitimacy of a company listed or applying for a listing in ESOMAR’s Directory of Research is being questioned, the company must provide proof by demonstrating that:
• The company is a registered business entity in the country where its office listed in the Directory of Research has a physical presence as iterated above (eg. through company registration, tax return or other similar document).• There is a permanent office located in the aforementioned country, so that mail sent to that address would find an office (demonstrated through registration, utility bill or similar).• There must be at least one employee with a fixed address in that country (eg. demonstrated through a proof of residency or other similar document).
How can I log in to edit/change my company listing?
When your company applied for their listing in our ESOMAR Directory, they assigned a Directory contact to maintain your company listing. As the appointed person, please log in to this account by providing the correct email address and password, and then go to Manage your listings and. If you have forgotten the password for your company account, click "Reset Password" in the login screen and follow the instructions. You will then receive an email with a link, through which you can create a new password.
Your account information in the Directory can be updated online after login. Please note that after submitting an update, ESOMAR will review and validate the changes, which could take up to 48 hours. During this review period it is not possible to update your details again.
Have further questions? Please contact us at directory@esomar.org
How long does it take after doing the updates to get the directory entry to show up?
Any update requires validation by ESOMAR; please allow 1-2 working days for the changes to take effect.
I tried to make changes to my Directory pages and the status is \"under approval\".
Your update requires validation by ESOMAR, please allow 1-2 working days for the changes to take effect. Once the changes are transferred to the website you will be able to update your listing again.
Is the ESOMAR Directory a member benefit?
Inclusion in the online members search and the search for research organisations in the ESOMAR Directory is an ESOMAR member benefit. However, to be included in the directory search you must have first purchased a directory listing. You can find more information on directory purchasing options on the List Your Company page.
ESOMAR Corporate Membership includes a standard listing for your company headquarters and also offers a reduced rate for additional branch office listings. For more information on how to become a Corporate Member, please visit www.esomar.org/membership
My company would like to keep our listing in the ESOMAR Directory, but wishes to cancel all memberships. Can we do that?
The ESOMAR Directory is purely members-only benefit. This means that only companies with at least one ESOMAR member in the listed branch can purchase a company listing in the ESOMAR Directory. A company without an ESOMAR member is not eligible for a listing.
The current member left/retired and our company listing is not online anymore. How can we get a new listing?
As only companies with a member are eligible to a listing in the Directory, please recruit a new member amongst your team. Please submit an application online.
If one of the members listed on your Directory is leaving/ has left the company, please log in to Manage your Listing to update your listing and inform us at membership@esomar.org.
What is the ESOMAR Directory used for?
The ESOMAR Directory is used by buyers of market research services.
ESOMAR attracts marketers and data, insights and research professionals who are actively looking for services providing them with the perfect resource in their search for reliable partners from all around the world. All companies listed have an ESOMAR member who has undersigned to abide by the ICC/ESOMAR International Code on Market, Opinion and Social Research and Data Analytics.
Every month, over 35,000 unique visitors search the ESOMAR Directory with an average of 190,000 company listings viewed per month.
What security does the ESOMAR Directory offer me as a buyer?
All companies listed in the search have at least one ESOMAR member in their office that has signed to abide by the ethical guidelines in the ICC/ESOMAR International Code on Market, Opinion and Social Research and Data Analytics.
In a case where an individual member has been found to breach the ICC/ESOMAR International Code on Market, Opinion and Social Research and Data Analytics, the possible sanctions range from a private warning to expulsion from ESOMAR membership and publication of the sanction imposed.
For more information, see the Standards section of our website.
What should I do if I need to access my directory options but I have either forgotten the password or the login e-mail address?
If you have forgotten the password for your company account, click "Reset Password" in the login screen and follow the instructions. You will then receive an email with a link, through which you can create a new password.
If you have forgotten your login email, please send an email to directory@esomar.org and we will provide you with the login address within 24 hours.
What types of companies are listed in the ESOMAR Directory?
The ESOMAR Directory provides access to all data, insights and research service providers. From global providers to independent consultants, companies of all sizes and specialisations advertise their expertise in the directory. The Directory includes full service companies, quantitative and qualitative research specialists, focus group facilities, field services and data collection companies and many others.
Who uses the ESOMAR Directory?
The ESOMAR Directory is used by buyers of data, insights and research services providing them with the perfect resource in their search for these services around the world.
Every month, over 35,000 unique visitors search the Directory with an average of 190,000 company listings viewed per month.
Events
Can I apply to become a member of the Programme Committee?
Yes. We encourage active participation and commitment from all areas of the industry. Our Programme Committee members enable ESOMAR to continue to provide unbiased peer review, while contributing to furthering developments in their fields of expertise. If you wish to apply please contact the ESOMAR events team at events@esomar.org.
Can I have reduced rates to attend an event if my company is listed in the ESOMAR Directory?
ESOMAR Individual Membership and individual member(s) within the Corporate Membership scheme are personal and on an individual basis only. The membership is not transferable to other colleagues in the organisation. If your company is listed in the ESOMAR Directory, it means that there is an ESOMAR member present in your company and only the individual member(s) can benefit from the reduced rates. Please consult our Member Search to check who is an Individual Member or if the company is a Corporate Member. For more info, please see the Membership pages on our website or contact us at membership@esomar.org.
Do I have to be an ESOMAR member to attend an ESOMAR event?
It is not necessary to be a member to attend any event. Everyone is welcome to attend all the events, however ESOMAR members benefit significantly from reduced rates to attend ESOMAR events.
It is possible to register and apply for membership during the registration process. This way, membership fees are immediately applied to the registration fees.
If you would like to learn more about becoming a member, please visit our membership pages or contact our membership team at membership@esomar.org./p>
Does ESOMAR organise workshops?
ESOMAR offers a special training platform called Summer Academy, which takes place every year in Amsterdam in June; usually it lasts three days. It is a series of paid masterclasses in parallel offering trainings on various topics. Specific format allows us to offer a really special price for our Members and customers.
We also organise other trainings. Sometimes it is a free training, up to two hours, usually a day before an event's opening – those trainings are sometimes sponsored activities. For possibilities to organise sponsored training sessions, please contact us at business@esomar.org.
If you would like to offer a full day workshop, please contact us at events@esomar.org.
How can I cancel my event registration?
If you wish to cancel your event registration, you have the following three options:
A substitute may attend in your place.
You can request a refund lowered by a cancellation fee. Please consult the Cancellation Policy for the relevant event, available on the event registration page.
You may request to keep the fee for another event.
Appendix applicable for point 2: Due to increasingly inflexible payment terms provided by event venues, ESOMAR accepts written requests for cancellation up to 7 days in advance of a scheduled ESOMAR event.Requests for cancellation received up to 14 days in advance will incur a first-tier cancellation charge and requests received up to 7 days in advance will incur a second-tier cancellation charge.In the event of exceptional circumstances such as a bereavement or similar uncontrollable events, ESOMAR may, at its sole discretion, consider a written application for cancellation, provided it is received no later than 3 working days after the scheduled event. In all circumstances, however, a cancellation fee will be applied.
Cancellations must be received in writing at events@esomar.org.
How can I pay my event registration?
At the end of online registration there is an option to pay with a credit card or PayPal, via our secure payment system Saferpay (by SIX Payment Services).
Alternatively, you can pay via the payment link in the confirmation e-mail or upon receipt of the digital invoice, again electronically or via the bank transfer (all necessary details are provided within a digital invoice). For any questions about payment please contact us at finance@esomar.org.
How do I access the recordings of a webinar?
As an additional member benefit, ESOMAR Members can access recordings of all previous webinar sessions via our digital knowledge library ANA free of charge. If you are not an ESOMAR member, you can access the recordings only if you have registered to the webinar in advance from the link provided within the confirmation e-mail.
How do I become a speaker at an event?
ESOMAR issues regular calls for speakers. Papers are submitted through an online form on the relevant events pages and final selections are determined by a Programme Committee, who selects speakers through a rigourous peer review process. Further information can be found on the ESOMAR events calendar.
Alternatively, you can send an e-mail to events@esomar.org and let us know about your areas of interest and expertise. Our conference team will contact you when speaking opportunities arise that may match your preferences.
How do I make a group booking? Do we get group discount?
We do offer group bookings. The offer starts from three delegates onwards.The discount is 15% of the total invoice amount based on the current event rates.The fee per delegate depends on whether they are ESOMAR Members or not.
Please contact us at events@esomar.org if you are interested.
I am a student and would like to attend the ESOMAR events. What should I do?
ESOMAR offers a special "Young Professional" fee for our global events. Everyone 30 years or less is eligible for this registration if they are YES Members or if they apply for YES Membership during registration. For specific fees please visit the Pricing page for a particular event.
Additionally, ESOMAR is thrilled to offer students a paid-for opportunity to learn about the latest industry methodologies and trends, meet new career contacts from around the world, get a behind-the-scenes look at ESOMAR and (possibly) even get to travel. If you would like to apply, please go to the Young ESOMAR Student Volunteer application page. For more info please contact us at students@esomar.org.
I am in the process of becoming an ESOMAR member - can I receive the members’ discount?
Yes, you can receive the members' discount once the membership fee has been paid and the application process is finalized. If you are still in the process but would not like to miss the next deadline, please contact us at events@esomar.org.
I am not sure if I can travel yet.
Can I register for an event later?
Each event has specific registration deadline dates which influence the pricing and the cancellation conditions. Please consult the registration pages related to that particular event and verify the deadline dates. You can register at any time including last-minute at the event venue itself.
I have the papers from the event but I do not have the presentations. Can I get them?
The event presentations are imbedded into the video recordings made at the event. We do not provide them separately.
All video recordings and papers are available in our digital resources library by ANA for ESOMAR Members. For more info about Membership benefits please visit our membership pages or contact our membership team at membership@esomar.org.
I need to book a flight to attend the event. When does it start and when does it finish?
Please consult the event programme for updates and timings. ESOMAR events usually start at 09:00 and run until 17:30. We always welcome attendees to a welcome reception, the evening before the event. This usually starts at 19:00. Sometimes we organise free masterclasses, training sessions or other activities the day before the event opening, which may be added to the programme, closer to the event starting.
I would like to get Member rates when registering for an event.
How can I do that?
It is possible to apply for Membership while registering for an event. At the begining of an event registration form you need to choose to apply for either Individual Membership or YES Membership (for delegates of 30 years old and less).
After submitting the form, you will be contacted by our Membership team to a follow-up on your application. Member fees will be applied automatically during the registration and it is possible to pay with your credit card or PayPal account at the end.
For more info please check the Membership pages on our website or contact us at membership@esomar.org.
We want to exhibit, sponsor or give a commercial presentation at an event. How do we arrange that and who do we contact?
Please have a look at the Commercial Opportunities section of our website or contact our sales team directly business@esomar.org to find out more about the commercial opportunities available at ESOMAR events.
What are local activities?
Through the introduction of our "ESOMAR - BEST OF" series in 2010, we are bringing speakers from our global events to local activities, in order to provide our members with exposure to international ideas and innovations and to network with others in the local industry. These events include local talent as well as international speakers covering everything from case studies to international successes and award winning papers. The activities are open to anyone active in market, opinion and social research industry. Further details of this year's local activities can be found on our events pages.
What are the costs of a webinar?
ESOMAR webinars are mostly free of charge. If you have registered but are unable to attend the webinar's live session, a recording of the session will be sent to you afterwards. All ESOMAR Members can also access all the webinars on demand in our digital library.
Sometimes we do organise paid webinars. Please see the specific webinar page for any pricing and other details.
What events will be held this and / or next year?
ESOMAR runs a number of thematic and regional conferences throughout the year. ESOMAR also runs webinars, workshops and local meetings around the world. Further details can be found on our events pages.
When do I receive my badge and delegate pack?
Your badge and delegate pack will be ready to collect at the ESOMAR registration desk, at the event venue. Registration timings are available on the event programme but you will also receive a Delegate e-mail with this - and more - information a few days before the event.
When will I receive confirmation of my registration?
When you register online, you will receive an automatic confirmation email. ESOMAR will also re-confirm your registration with an accompanying digital invoice, usually within few days after registering.
If you are entitled to free registration and do not need to register online, you should also receive a confirmation via e-mail.
If you have not received your confirmation message and or an invoice, please contact us at events@esomar.org.
Where can I get venue and hotel information for my event booking?
Venue and hotel information for every ESOMAR event can be found by clicking on the Location page for a particular event.
Please note that travel and accommodation costs are not included in the event registration fee. Every delegate is responsible for his or her own travel and accommodation expenses. ESOMAR secures hotel rooms at preferential rates, available until a few weeks before the event. To make sure you take advantage of the preferential hotel fees, please read carefully information on the Location page and book the room within the provided deadlines.
Important note: Rooms and rates will be based on availability at the time of your booking.
Preferential room rates are only available to event delegates.
ESOMAR and the use of the above suggested booking option does not guarantee the lowest room rate when reserving hotel rooms. Please visit the hotel website to cross-check that you are receiving the best rate for your stay.
Government affairs
As a national Association, we are looking to gather more information on your Government affairs actions.
What is the best way to do this?
If you are a national association, more tailored information on global government affairs developments affecting market, social and opinion research are provided on our Associations section of our website.
For more details, contact government.affairs@esomar.org.
Do you offer legal advice to individual researchers or companies?
To raise awareness, ESOMAR provides overviews of proposed legislative changes and regulatory issues, but it is not a law firm and cannot provide legal advice on specific laws. For guidance on applying the ICC/ESOMAR International Code and ESOMAR guidelines, please go visit our Knowledge and Standards FAQ's or contact professional.standards@esomar.org.
How can I access your position papers?
Our position papers are available on the website by subject.
How can I find out more about ESOMAR’s activities in this area?
The Government Affairs section of the ESOMAR website publishes all latest developments about our activities. You should also sign up to receive the monthly ESOMAR e-bulletin (in the footer below).
What if my question is concerning a national issue?
If your question concerns a national issue, contact the relevant national association.
If there is no national association in your country or if your query is specific to a provision of the ESOMAR Code and guidelines then ESOMAR can provide support on code interpretation at professional.standards@esomar.org.
How does ESOMAR’s Government Affairs work relate to Professional Standards?
The two are very closely aligned to ensure that the latest legislative developments are taken into account in the ICC/ESOMAR International Code and in the maintenance and development of the various ESOMAR guidelines. Government Affairs work is important for both the ESOMAR Professional Standards and Legal Committees.
I’m a journalist.
Who should I contact with press enquiries?
If you are a journalist, go to the ESOMAR press room or email: press@esomar.org
What are the main legislative threats to market, social and opinion researchers?
Data protection and privacy laws are under intense scrutiny and discussion in many countries and on a regional level (EU, US, APAC, OECD, Council of Europe). In addition, proposals to introduce or amend laws restricting the conduct of opinion polls are also a key concern to researchers. Proposed laws relating to children and young people, or that govern copyright or access to public information, can also pose unexpected restrictions on researchers' activities and are therefore actively monitored by ESOMAR.
Who does ESOMAR consult to establish the positions communicated to governments?
ESOMAR works with international experts in its Professional Standards and Legal Affairs Committees and it also consults with a wide cross-section of the market, social and opinion sector including specialist experts and leading research companies.
Furthermore, ESOMAR works with national and regional associations to strengthen and harmonise messages to legislators and to improve understanding about the impact of legal proposals on market, social and opinion research across different countries and regions.
For example, ESOMAR cooperates with EFAMRO (European Federation of Associations of Market Research Organisations) to provide a comprehensive voice for the sector towards EU policymakers, and with CASRO in the USA to provide the international perspective in messages to the FTC on issues which have global impact. ESOMAR also cooperates with the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) to understand the impact of global legislative proposals and to ensure that the voice of research is heard by international regulators in all global regions.
ESOMAR actively encourages the sharing of information and knowledge about legislative, regulatory and policy developments with national associations and ESOMAR Representatives to combine resources and expertise.
Why is Government Affairs important to ESOMAR and how does this benefit me as an ESOMAR member?
Maintaining consumer trust and protecting respondent rights is central to the success of research and ESOMAR helps members to stay abreast of consumer and regulator concerns, current laws and upcoming issues. Both our members and the research sector as a whole, benefit from the Government Affairs advocacy of ESOMAR.
ESOMAR actively advocates to legislators the value and legitimate interests of market, social and opinion research and their contribution to business and society. Working with other associations, ESOMAR seeks to protect research from unintended consequences of legislation designed for other sectors. This includes, for example, producing position papers, providing updates and liaising with external stakeholders and policy decision makers in face-to-face meetings.
ESOMAR, like other associations, is monitoring data protection, privacy and other legislative issues worldwide. The messages from regulators in the EU, US and other regions are increasingly convergent. As data protection and privacy laws are being strengthened to account for globalisation and developments in technology, market researchers will increasingly need to observe new rules to avoid penalties from regulators with increased enforcement powers.
Individual Membership - General FAQs
Can I display the Individual Member Mark on my company website?
Yes. However, as ESOMAR Individual Membership is on an individual basis, it is important that when the Individual Member Mark is used on your company website; it must contain the HTML code to your personal membership validation page on ESOMAR website and that it must include the following personal statement:
As an ESOMAR Member, {your name}, complies with the ICC/ESOMAR CODE and ESOMAR WORLD RESEARCH GUIDELINES.
Can I use the ESOMAR logo on printed/digital materials?
We do not permit unauthorised use of the ESOMAR logo. Members can however download the specially designed membership mark for use in email signatures or publications. Please note that this membership mark is only for use for the individual member and not the member's company or organisation.
Can my company apply for ESOMAR individual membership?
ESOMAR Individual Membership is personal and on an individual basis only.
Does your company want to show its commitment to quality research on an organisational level? ESOMAR also offers Corporate Membership opportunities for agencies and clients who want to take advantage of broader benefits for their company and employees on a corporate level.
How can I cancel my membership?
A member who wishes to resign must contact the ESOMAR membership team in writing before the end of their current membership anniversary date. If the ESOMAR membership team is not contacted before the anniversary date, membership will automatically be renewed for the following year and full membership fee will be invoiced. (see Statutes, article 17)
To view your anniversary date, please login to MyESOMAR. On the login page or on your membership details page you will find the expiration date of the current term.
Any former member who wishes to re-join the Society shall submit a new application and, if approved, shall be regarded as a new regular member.
How can I extend or renew my membership?
Three months before the expiration date of your membership, you will automatically receive an invoice for the upcoming year. Your membership will be renewed upon receipt of payment. You can arrange payment online or by bank transfer.
To access ESOMAR\'s secure online payment form click here. You will need to provide the following information:
Invoice number
Invoice date (dd/mm/yyyy)
Grand total in EUR
Credit card details
If you prefer to arrange a bank transfer, please do not forget to state your invoice number as a reference and to arrange the transfer to ESOMAR using the following bank details - all details can be found directly on the invoice provided:
Bank
ABN AMRO Dam 2, 1012 NP, AmsterdamThe Netherlands
Account No.
59.78.40.784
SWIFT/BIC
ABNANL2A
IBAN
NL47ABNA0597840784
For membership terms please visit our statutes. Please contact us at membership@esomar.org for any questions regarding your membership renewal. If you are experiencing problems submitting payment online, please contact finance@esomar.org.
How can I get confirmation of my Individual Membership?
An Individual Membership Certificate is available for download in MyESOMAR. It is only available for regular individual members.
The Membership Certificate is valid for 12 months; a new version must be downloaded after each renewal.
How can I get the ESOMAR Membership Mark?
Members: You can download the Individual Member Mark in MyESOMAR. Follow the steps to download your personal Membership Mark.
Non-Members: The Membership Mark is only available to and permitted for ESOMAR members. If you would like demonstrate your commitment to internationally recognised professional standards and apply for the Mark and other ESOMAR membership benefits, please click here.
How can I update my details being displayed in the online Members Search?
Login to MyESOMAR and update your profile details. The changes require validation by ESOMAR, so please allow 2-3 days for the update to take place.
How do I become an ESOMAR individual member?
To apply for Individual Membership, please complete the online application form. You will be asked for:
Company details
Personal and professional details
A professional reference to support the application - recommendation from a current ESOMAR member or business reference letter regarding your professional activities (only required for regular membership).
Agreement to abide by the ICC/ESOMAR International Code on Market and Social Research, and ESOMAR Disciplinary Procedures
For more information, please go to Membership section of the website.
I am changing position/company. What do I need to do?
Please login to MyESOMAR to provide your new contact details by updating your profile, or send an email with your updated information to membership@esomar.org. Your membership will run until the end of the 12 months term and you will then be contacted for renewal.
In case you do not wish to keep the membership, please inform ESOMAR in writing; your membership will then lapse at the end of the term.
I am logged in as a member, but for some reason I cannot download the Individual Member Mark. What is wrong?
The Individual Member Mark is available to all individual members who have paid their Individual Membership fee. If you are not able to download the Mark, it is possible that your membership fee has not been received. As soon as you have renewed your Membership, you will be able to download and use your personal Membership Mark. If this is not the case, there could be a technical issue.
Please contact us with any questions: Tel: + 31 20 589 7800 or at membership@esomar.org.
I can login to MyESOMAR but why I can only update my contact details and cannot access my online member benefits anymore?
Has your membership invoice been paid?
Access to member benefits in MyESOMAR is granted only to paid members, therefore if you have not settled your renewal payment your access will be limited to updating your contact details only.
To make a payment for renewal, you can use our online payment portal: https://payment.esomar.org or by bank transfer.
For any technical questions regarding your account, please contact us at membership@esomar.org.
I cannot login to MyESOMAR.
Forgot your password?
You can reset your password easily from the MyESOMAR sign in page. Click on "Forgot your password?" and you will be provided with an option to reset your password. Enter the e-mail address associated with your MyESOMAR account in the email address field, then click "Continue". We will email you a link to a page where you can easily create a new password.
Please check your spam folder if you do not receive it in your regular inbox.
I do not wish to renew my membership, can a colleague replace me?
The ESOMAR Individual Membership is personal and not transferable. If a colleague wishes to become a member, he/she needs to apply using the online application form on ESOMAR website.
Your own membership then still needs to be cancelled. Please send a notification per email to membership@esomar.org.
I have forgotten my password
You can reset your password easily from the MyESOMAR sign in page. Click on "Forgot your password?" and you will be provided with an option to reset your password. Enter the e-mail address associated with your MyESOMAR account in the email address field, then click "Continue". We will email you a link to a page where you can easily create a new password.
Please check your spam folder if you do not receive it in your regular inbox.
I wish to file a complaint against a company for non-payment
ESOMAR has no mandate to act as a debt-collection agency and such issues are more appropriately resolved within a commercial and legal framework. However, if there is proof a researcher did not fulfill the terms of their contract, this could be regarded as an example of unprofessional conduct and tabled with ESOMAR’s Professional Standards Committee.
Given the importance for all concerned, complaints should be pursued in a timely fashion. The Professional Standards Committee would appreciate if you could send the relevant documentation by email to professional.standards@esomar.org or by post to our office address.
Atlas Arena, Azië building - 5th floorHoogoorddreef 51101 BA AmsterdamThe Netherlands
What is the duration of my membership?
ESOMAR membership is for a duration of 12 months from the date of applying.
After 12 months membership is renewed automatically for another year, unless otherwise requested.
Memberships with a starting date before March 2010 are based on calendar year (Jan - Dec); the conditions mentioned above apply.
What types of Individual Membership does ESOMAR offer?
ESOMAR offers three Individual Membership tiers:
YES Starter membership for graduates, students and young professionals who are 30 years of age or under with the focus on sharing the value of the market research industry and connecting the new generation with the industry.
YES Pro membership for young professionals, graduates and students who are 30 years of age or under with the focus on career progression and exposure.
Regular membership for all professionals who do not qualify for a YES membership and/or persons who wish to receive full regular member benefits.
Who is eligible to become an ESOMAR individual member?
ESOMAR Individual Membership is open to experienced, young professionals, students and people who graduated (max one year ago), all over the world who value high quality research and recognise the important role it plays in helping businesses make effective decisions.
Why do I have to follow the "Guidelines for Use" in using ESOMAR Individual Member Mark ?
The Guidelines for Use have been created to ensure that the Individual Member Mark is used properly and displayed correctly on email signatures, business cards, websites, etc..
These guidelines protect the integrity and credibility of the mark and ensure a global quality stamp for ESOMAR members.
Why do I need to include my personal statement to the Individual Member Mark that is used in email signature or published on the website?
As ESOMAR individual member, your personal statement confirms your personal commitment, and not your company, to uphold to the highest standards of professional practices as enshrined in the ICC/ESOMAR International Code on Market and Social Research and ESOMAR World Research Guidelines.
Why is there a link connected to my online Membership Mark?
The link contains the URL to your personal membership validation page on the ESOMAR website. This page displays your name, verifies your Individual Membership and personal commitment to the ICC/ESOMAR Code and ESOMAR Guidelines.
Individual Membership - Regular / Full
How can I get an Individual Membership Certificate?
The Individual Membership certificate is available online at My ESOMAR. The certificate is a confirmation of ESOMAR membership for an individual, not for a company. It will be automatically updated every year after receipt of your membership renewal fee. Please make sure to download an updated version of the membership certificate after your stated expiration date.
How can I get my Individual Member Mark?
Members:You can download the Individual Member Mark in MyESOMAR. Follow the steps to download your personal Membership Mark.
Non-Members:The Membership Mark is only available to and permitted for ESOMAR members. If you would like demonstrate your commitment to internationally recognised professional standards and apply for the Mark and other ESOMAR membership benefits, please click here.
How do I become an ESOMAR regular individual member?
To apply for Full Individual Membership, please complete the online application form. You will be asked for:
Company details
Personal and professional details
A professional reference to support the application - recommendation from a current ESOMAR member or business reference letter regarding your professional activities.
Agreement to abide by the ICC/ESOMAR International Code on Market and Social Research, and ESOMAR Disciplinary Procedures
For more information, please go to Membership section of the website.
I have my personal member listing but why I cannot find my company listing?
ESOMAR Individual Membership includes a personal member listing in our online member search. Login to MyESOMAR to update your contact details and use the peer-to-peer messaging tool to connect with other ESOMAR members.
As a regular individual member, you are also entitled to a company listing in our ESOMAR Directory of Research Organisations. However, an application process applies, as do additional costs starting at EUR 750 per year.
ESOMAR also offers Corporate Membership, which includes 1 company listing in ESOMAR Directory of Research Organisations as part of the package, and at reduced price of EUR 650 per year for additional company listing for branches.
What is the approval process of Full Individual Membership application?
Full Individual Membership applications need to be supported by a reference. Applicants need to provide either name of a current ESOMAR member or reference letter from a client on original letterhead. In both cases the reference needs to be personal; not for the company. ESOMAR will contact the current member for reference before sending on the application for review.
Full Individual Membership applications are reviewed by the national representative who might contact you for introduction and further information. Final approval of any membership application is only given upon receipt of payment on the membership fee and review by the council members.
Why do I need to include my personal statement to the Individual Member Mark that is used in email signature or published on the website?
As ESOMAR individual member, your personal statement confirms your personal commitment, and not your company, to uphold to the highest standards of professional practices as enshrined in the ICC/ESOMAR International Code on Market and Social Research and ESOMAR World Research Guidelines.
Individual Membership - Young ESOMAR Society (YES)
An event in my country? Great! How can I get involved?
Your input is very appreciated! If you would like to know when there is a local event in your country, please contact localevents@esomar.org for more information. You will have the choice how you would like to contribute based on your skills.
How can I get my YES member mark?
When you become a YES member, you can download your mark in MyESOMAR.
How can I submit my blog?
Wow, your own piece is going to be published online, so cool! You can send your blog to yes@esomar.org. Don’t worry about the spelling, we will double check this before we show your piece to the world!
How can I use my YES Member Mark?
Your mark is very valuable as it is your professional recognition. You are part of a community and this will help/support you to connect with basically anyone within and outside the ESOMAR community.
You can use your YES Member Mark:
In your email signature
On your business card
On your social media platforms
On your CV
On your website
If you would like to use the mark somewhere else, please first check this with our Membership team at membership@esomar.org.
How do I become a YES member?
We are thrilled to welcome you to the YOUNG ESOMAR Society. To become a YES member, please fill in the online application form. We will ask you to provide…
A copy of your Passport or ID card
CV/resume
or
Proof of enrolment (if you are a student)
Proof of graduation (within a year)
How much will it cost me to be a YES member?
YES STARTER: For the first year there is a special price because we want to show you how valuable this Society can be for you. The first 12 months will only cost you EUR 50 and no VAT will be charged. From the second year onwards until you become 31 years (or choose to become a  YES PRO member), the price is EUR 60 per year.
YES PRO: This membership is 100 EUR per year until you are 31 years old. We will then automatically change your status to Full Individual Membership so that you don’t miss anything!
I found a job! What do I need to do?
Congratulations! Are you a YES STARTER? You can upgrade your membership and become YES PRO member. This membership will give you more  networking opportunities and gain more knowledge about your field plus the latest trends. Please email membership@esomar.org for your membership upgrade.
I would like to organize something by myself, how can ESOMAR help me?
That is fantastic! We can definitely help you to organize your own event or spread the word within your university and personal network. We can support and encourage you with the following tools:
Help to find speakers within your country that would fit your topic(s).
You can use video materials and slides to explain MR.
We can send you promotion materials (flyers, goodies) to distribute at the event or at your university.
Financial support if deemed necessary.
So.. how can you access these tools? Please email us at yes@esomar.org and we will discuss your ideas and find out which materials and support we can offer you.
I would like to sign up a friend or fellow student of mine, how can I do that?
Yeah! Great that you want to participate in the YES Race! When you login to MyESOMAR, you see a tab on the left called Member-get-Member. When you click on the tab, you are able to send an invite to the person you would like to sign up. So… what’s in it for you? Well.. you win stuff- Cool freebies for each new person you bring in. But there is more! With every new YES member you bring in, your name gets entered into a prize draw for the grand prize of the Race… A MacBook Air or a registration to the annual ESOMAR Congress! The more people you bring in, the more times your name gets entered, so the more chances you have of winning!
Interested in participating? Log in to MyESOMAR to invite your friend.
What can I win when I submit my blog?
If your blog is the most read piece for two months, your blog will get published in Research World print magazine! Research World magazine is read in over 100 countries 6 times a year by around 20,000 of the world’s leading marketing, advertising and market research professionals. Available to members, with further out-reach through subscriptions, distribution at global events and through a network of ESOMAR representatives, the online magazine is also distributed through the Wiley Online Library to academic and corporate libraries.
So you will get a lot of exposure! Great to put on your CV and for you career progression!
What do I get as a YES member?
We hear you thinking, so what’s included in this YES membership?
Well… Are you studying or have you graduated recently? Then we recommend the YES STARTER membership. You will get and have to opportunity to do….
Access to ESOMAR Job Board
Full on-demand access – videos + webinars
Eligibility to apply for 1 of 3 scholarships covering 30% of the tuition fees for a Master’s in Market Research and Consume Behaviour at the IE School of Human Sciences and Technology in Spain
YES membership mark
Active package: -Writing for RWC (global online magazine) -Organisation & participation in local/ESOMAR events -Participation in YES Race
Are you working and looking for more networking opportunities and gain more knowledge about your field? Then we recommend the YES PRO membership. You will get and have the opportunity to do…
Access to ESOMAR Job Board
Free publications (papers older than 18 months + pdf of industry reports)
Full on-demand access – videos + webinars
RW magazine PDF
Voting for YES board
Preferential rates to ESOMAR events
YES membership mark Active package: -Writing for RWC (global online magazine) -Organisation and participation in local/ESOMAR events -Participation in YES race
What is the approval process of Individual Membership application?
All membership applicants have to provide a copy of their passport/ID and their CV/résumé.
YES Starter and Pro member applicants can provide either company details or proof of enrolment or proof of graduation within one year.
What is the difference between the YES STARTER membership and the YES PRO membership?
Both membership fall under the Young ESOMAR Society. So why create two? We believe that there are multiple important stages in your career progression.
To give you an example, if you are a student or just graduated (congrats!), you are looking for a job that fits your interest, right? As this is THE moment where you choose your path, we would like to help you to discover all the career opportunities in the data, insights and research industry.
As a YES STARTER member, you start your discovery journey! We give you the platform to learn, develop grow and support you in your career launch. Think about networking with our 5000+ members and member companies all over the world, get international exposure and access to all our event videos + webinars on the latest trends in the industry. But also practical tips to prepare you for interviews, how to build you CV, etc.
Then the next step- you are already working in the data, research and insights field? Your growth does not stop there! The YES PRO membership will support you to expand your knowledge about the field you’re working in, offer more networking opportunities, signify your commitment to ethical practice and give you the exclusive benefit to vote for the YES board- exciting!
Wanna get involved? Please visit young.esomar.org/join-us/ and apply now!
What is the duration of my YES membership?
ESOMAR membership is for a duration of 12 months from the date of application.
Please note that after 12 months membership is renewed automatically for another year, unless you wish not to renew your membership.
What is the ICC/ESOMAR International Code?
The code is a framework for self-regulation and is intended to foster public confidence and to demonstrate practitioners’ recognition of their ethical and professional responsibilities in carrying out market research. But, what does this mean for you? Well, entering the community will provide you the professional recognition which can support you in finding a job and even further in your career development! Sounds pretty good, right?!
What is the YES Race?
The YES race is a competition to grow the YES community. The larger the community becomes, the more contacts you gain which will help you in your career progression. So, if you have a friend or colleague that might be interested in joining the YOUNG ESOMAR Society, join the YES Race!
So… what’s in it for you? Well.. you win stuff- Cool freebies for each new person you bring in. But there is more! With every new YES member you bring in, your names gets entered into a prize draw for the grand prize of Race… A MacBook Air or a registration to the annual ESOMAR Congress! The more people you bring in, the more times your name gets entered, so the more chances you have of winning!
Interested in participating? Click on the Member-Get-Member in MyESOMAR to invite your friend
What topics can I use for my blog?
Are you a creative person & love to put your thoughts on paper? Any topic related to data, insights or research you find interesting to write about & share is perfect! You are also encouraged to share personal stories in your journey as a young professional! The industry is very interested to know more about your personal interests and where you are in your career now.  No inspiration? Please contact us at yes@esomar.org  and we will help you find your topic & get exposure!
Where can I find my on-demand content?
You can find all YES on-demand in MyESOMAR. As a YES member, you will have exclusive access to all this knowledge. As soon as we approve your application, you will have your own account to login. You can access MyESOMAR
Where can I find the job board?
As a YES member, you will get the opportunity to place your CV on the ESOMAR Job Board. A great opportunity for you to show who you are and what you can to the industry. But not only that, you can also find your potential job or internship! Please visit ESOMAR Job Board to upload your CV.
Who can become a YES member?
The YOUNG ESOMAR Society is open for everyone 30 years and under. It doesn’t matter if you are a student, graduated (max. one year ago) or working. Are you now thinking ‘’I don’t have the right study’’ or ‘’I don’t work in the market research field’’? Don’t worry! No matter what you study or where you work, the industry offers opportunities for everyone who is curious and open-minded.
Are you now thinking ‘’Oh no! I’m too old’’? No worries, we offer full individual membership which includes all benefits. Find out more about Regular individual Membership
Why is the YES valuable for me?
Are you under 30 and are curious, enthusiastic, looking for work experience, expanding your skills and (global) network? YES membership is a new initiative created by ESOMAR to support you in taking these steps needed for progressing your career. We give you the platform to develop your career progression in a fun and engaging way!
Publications
Are all ESOMAR publications and event papers available for order through the ESOMAR publication store?
Publications and event papers published from the year 2000 onwards are available through the store. If you cannot find the publication you are looking for, or have any questions, please contact us at publications@esomar.org.
Can I cancel or return my order?
You may return products sold by ESOMAR, without giving any reason, within 7 days of delivery for a full refund. ESOMAR will not pay return shipping costs. ESOMAR cannot refund or accept products that are returned more than 7 days after delivery.
If the delivered products you have purchased are damaged in transit you may return these products within 30 days of delivery for a full refund or replacement. ESOMAR will only pay the return shipping costs if the return is a result of an error made by ESOMAR. ESOMAR cannot refund or accept products that are returned more than 30 days after delivery.
In addition to article 17 and 18 of the ESOMAR Terms and Conditions, ESOMAR cannot refund and accept returns if:
Products are not in their original condition and in their original packaging
Products are damaged, other than by shipping, or have missing parts
Products have been taken out of the plastic wrap or if the seal has been broken
Can two different discounts be combined?
You cannot combine the quantity discount and the booksellers' discount. However, ESOMAR members will automatically receive reduced prices on all ESOMAR publications and can claim a quantity discount if applicable.
Do I have to pay extra for delivery outside Europe?
No, all prices include international postage and packaging costs.
How can I pay for an ESOMAR publication?
You can pay only by credit card (Visa, Euro card, MasterCard and American Express.
How do I download my purchased publication?
After you purchase a publication on the ESOMAR website, you will receive an email confirmation of this purchase. If you do not receive the email in your inbox, please check your spam folder. Included in this confirmation is the link to download your publication. Please download and save the files immediately as the link will expire.
How do I obtain an invoice for my purchase?
A digital invoice will be sent to you within a week of your purchase to the email address you provide. If you order a book, you will receive the digital invoice plus a hardcopy of the invoice included with the delivery of your book.
How long will it take before I receive my order?
It may take up to 14 days to receive your printed publication order by post. All digital purchases are available for download immediately after the completed transaction.
How will my publication order be delivered?
All books, CD-ROMs and hard-copy publications are delivered by registered priority mail. Products are packed in a manner which reasonably assures that they are protected against deterioration and damages. Products are delivered to the address you provide; therefore please ensure that this address is correct. Single event papers are normally sent by email as PDF files.
I am in the process of becoming an ESOMAR member - can I receive the members’ discount?
You can only receive members' discounts as a fully approved and paid-up ESOMAR member.
I would like to receive member discounts; how do I become an ESOMAR member?
Please read about our membership offers, which can be found in our Membership section of the website. Should you have any questions regarding our membership benefits, please contact us at membership@esomar.org
Is it possible to get statistics and figures regarding market research
All industry related figures we provide are included in our reports, which are available for purchase in our online Publications Store. You can order these as PDF downloads or as hardcopies. For specific figures and pricing comparisons please see the Global Market Research report and the Global Prices Study for their content. Both reports are free for ESOMAR members. Members can find the free PDF versions of these publications under My ESOMAR.
Is it possible to order ESOMAR publications by telephone?
Telephone orders cannot be accepted. If you are unable to place your order online, please email publications@esomar.org.
What discounts are available on publications?
Quantity discounts: 25% discount on the purchase of 5 or more books, hard copy CD-ROMs and/or reports in one order.
Members\' discounts: Fully registered and paid up ESOMAR members will automatically receive reductions of up to 25% on all ESOMAR publications and 50%. Members must log in with their Member ID login and password, before placing their order online, to receive the reduced prices.
Book retailers\' discount: Retailers will receive a 25% discount on all publication orders. Other discounts cannot be combined with this discount.
Please contact us at publications@esomar.org to arrange large orders
Will I be charged VAT (value added tax) on my order?
All prices exclude VAT, which is 6% for books and 21% for single event papers. All customers within the Netherlands are automatically charged VAT. Customers in other EU countries must add VAT unless they provide their company VAT number. Customers outside the European Union are not charged VAT.
YES (Young ESOMAR Society) Award
Can I resubmit an idea from a previous event or year?
If your idea was previously not accepted, then YES, of course you can try again by submitting to another event, or to the same event in a different year. We would recommend connecting with the ESOMAR team to understand why the first submission wasn’t accepted, in order to increase your chances of getting accepted the second time around.
If your idea was previously accepted, you will no longer be eligible to present that same idea in that same year (ex. if accepted for APAC 2019, that idea can no longer be accepted for other events in 2019).
If your idea was accepted, but in a previous year, you can resubmit the same idea, but only if it includes updates to the original submission. You will need to showcase what’s new about the idea / how it’s progressed in order to win over the jury.
Can I submit an idea to more than one event?
Yes. If you’ve got a great idea that you think would resonate with more than one audience, please do submit it to more than one event. However, please note, your topic can only be accepted to one event – so please make use of the comments section to include your preferred event order.
Can I submit more than one idea?
Yes. If you’ve got more than one great idea, please do submit more than one time. However, please note, only one topic can be accepted to one event.
Can we submit as a group / more than one person?
Yes. You are welcome to submit for the YES Award with multiple authors, however, it’s probably good to know that we offer free attendance to the chosen event and one-year free YES Membership to only one finalist per submission/pitch. Should a group win the live pitch round at the event, they would also need to discuss how to best divide the money prize.
Word to the wise, it’s important to remember that pitches can only be 60 seconds long, and pecha kuchas 6 minutes 40 seconds long – so if presenting with multiple authors, it is essential you are well rehearsed and everything flows smoothly!
Does the idea have to be research related? Quantitative or qualitative?
It can be anything you want it to be! Research related or not. However, probably best to appeal to the event audience, of which the majority are insights professionals, data scientists, brand strategists, business developers, marketers, advertisers, academics, etc.
Finances – who pays?
If accepted as a YES Award finalist, you are invited to attend the event for free. PLEASE NOTE: travel, accommodation and food costs relating to the event are your and/or your company’s responsibility.
I need more guidance on what to submit.
Usually, the best ideas are solutions to something that’s lacking or needed. Or maybe it’s something completely different. What would engage and excite you if you were watching? Why does your idea matter? Have a look at some examples of some past submission topics and submission video. Further questions? Please get in touch! yes@esomar.org.
If accepted, can I play the submission video at the event?
No. If accepted, all finalists must present their idea LIVE in front of the event audience. Slides are allowed, including supporting videos of max 30 seconds.
The reasoning behind submitting your idea via video is to give ESOMAR a better understanding of the creativity, wow factor and speaking level of you as a presenter.
Is it OK if the idea relates solely to a specific market?
Yes. Generally, we recommend keeping your idea as inclusive and applicable to as many people as possible. However, especially when relating to the theme or region of an event, we do not exclude any ideas pertaining to particular groups or markets.
Nail Biting in Georgia US Senate Races – Ignore the Polls?
Join the ESOMAR Webcast December 16th!Fri, 11 Dec 2020Two run-off Senate election races in Georgia, January 5 will decide whether the Republicans hold the Senate, or the Democrats, with the Vice-Presidential tying vote, take control if they win...
The fascinating dynamism of the African Insights industryThu, 10 Dec 2020ESOMAR invited selected voices from the African region to summarise the state of the Insights industry in each of the cardinal points of the continent.
SHOBSERVATORY Research Chronicles: The actionable reportThu, 10 Dec 2020SHOBSERVATORY: A quirky look at research, marketing, brands, consumers and everything else astronomical to microscopic.
Identifying the Demons in Your DataThu, 10 Dec 2020Following on from my series on Avoiding the Seven Deadly Sins of Customer Motivation I thought I’d take a post-Halloween look at the “Demons” in our data, and more importantly,...
“We must fight for face-to-face market studies, health crisis or not! ” Interview with Isabelle FabryWed, 09 Dec 2020The Covid-19 health crisis has triggered a reflex to work online even more than in the past. This phenomenon is completely understandable. But do we really have to accept the...
The Path to Successful InnovationTue, 08 Dec 2020Recent sparks of optimism have hinted that stock markets are ready to embrace the next chapter, and consumers are eager to resume the most human of activities - social interaction.
Brands on 2021 challenges, priorities and opportunities Part OneMon, 07 Dec 2020Following a year of turbulent change, insight professionals are now preparing for 2021. We talk to Vanessa Gibbons, who is Go-To-Market Lead at Microsoft Asia Pacific about priorities for the...
Bias in the Spotlight: Discounting the futureFri, 04 Dec 2020People tend to focus on today rather than think about what tomorrow might bring. This is called present bias or hyperbolic discounting.
Re-igniting brands by leveraging archetypesThu, 03 Dec 2020Let us consider a few brands and their specific messages which leveraged their archetypes well during this period.
The Anheuser-Busch Innovation MachineWed, 02 Dec 2020As the world’s leading brewer, the ambition of Anheuser-Busch is to lead future growth, by staying in tune with evolving consumer needs and developing new products in beer and beyond....
More
Your shopping cart is emptyCheck out reports & publications
Share on:
What we doAbout usStandardsCode & guidelinesAdvocacyBusiness PartnershipsAwardsNewsMembershipJoin ESOMAROur peopleOur communityCommunity CirclesKnowledgeOverviewResources libraryResearch WorldReports & PublicationsGlobal trainingCOVID-19 Insights KitEventsPast EventsA Practical Approach to Sector Compliance with the California Consumer Privacy ActClients: What should you scan in your Data Processing Agreements?China's Cybersecurity Law: in Conversation with TechNode, ShanghaiData Protection by Design and by Default: What can this do for your business?The Asia Pacific Privacy Law Developments You Need to Know AboutYour ESOMAR U.S. Privacy Update: California, Washington & MoreContactDirectoryResearch WorldESOMAR Foundation
MyESOMARLog in
Log in to your MyESOMAR account
E-mail address
Password
Log in
Reset password
Not a member? Join the community now! Learn more
Enter the e-mail address associated with your MyESOMAR account, then click Continue. Well e-mail you a link to a page where you can easily create a new password.
Please check your spam folder if you do not receive it in your regular inbox.
Your e-mail address
Cancel
Submit
Privacy Policy
When using our website, or any of our services (offline or online), we may need to collect your personal data in order to tailor these services to your needs and expectations.
This privacy notice provides you with essential details to understand how we collect your personal data, for what reasons we do so, and the conditions we apply to its use within our organisations, our employees and volunteers who work to further ESOMAR's objectives, as well as our business partners (processors, sponsors, and others).
Who are we? ESOMAR Society and its subsidiaries
This privacy notice applies to the websites, services, offerings and operations of ESOMAR Society, and comprises the services, offerings and operations of its subsidiaries the ESOMAR B.V. and the ESOMAR Foundation; all entities are headquartered in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. These entities may be referred to as ESOMAR or ESOMAR Foundation indistinctively.
As the self-regulatory body of the data, research, insight and data analytics community, we are committed to achieving the highest standards to protect your personal data and safeguard your privacy.
Should you have any questions about this privacy notice, wish to exercise your data subjects' rights, or have any concerns about our data collection practices, you can contact us preferably by e-mail at
privacy@esomar.org, or by telephone at +31 20 661 41 21, or by post at ESOMAR, Atlas Arena, Hoogoorddreef 5, 1101 BA Amsterdam, The Netherlands.
Your rights, as afforded by the General Data Protection Regulation
As entities based in the European Union, ESOMAR entities are required to comply with the General Data Protection (GDPR) when processing personal data in the context of its services and operations. Accordingly, individuals, service users, ESOMAR members whom we process personal data about are protected by the GDPR by a series of rights and without prejudice to other applicable laws. This includes a right to:
Adequate information about our processing activities concerning you;
Access to the personal information we have processed about you;
Rectify personal information we process concerning you;
Erasure of personal information we hold concerning you;
Restrict the processing of your personal information we hold concerning you;
Data portability of your personal information we hold concerning you;
Object to the processing of your personal information by us.
The implementation of these rights by ESOMAR are subject to the conditions and limits established by the General Data Protection. Should we believe your request to be ineligible due to the conditions and limits of the GDPR, we shall inform you duly of this as well as our reasoning.
Complaints? Contact our lead data protection authority
Should you be unhappy with the way we are dealing with your personal details or the way we are addressing your concerns, please note that as a data subject you always have the right to refer a complaint to our supervisory authority, the Dutch Data Protection Authority: the Autoriteit Persoonsgevens which can be reached at
https://www.autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl/ or with the supervisory authority in the country you are residing.
What personal data do we process concerning you, and why?
In accordance with our legal and ethical obligations, we strive to minimise the personal data we collect and use about you to those required for the service. Nonetheless, we may need to collect and process your personal data when you:
Navigate our services in order to personalise your experience based on your declared preferences or pricing segments;
Register for a service provided by ESOMAR in order to ensure the right services are delivered to you in accordance with your selections and preferences;
Make a purchase on any of our platforms in order to complete the transaction;
Respond to or participate in a survey, contest, or a marketing communication in order to inform you about our activities, the results;
Make a customer service request or submit a complaint in the context of our disciplinary process.
In order to deliver our portfolio of services to our end-users and members, the processing of personal data is essential to ensure we tailor the service in accordance with your needs and expectations. Depending on the nature of the service, we process the following categories of personal data:
Membership services
Membership of ESOMAR is open to professionals and organisations that meet the criteria for membership as set forth by our statutes and membership rules and procedures. In order to ensure validity of the application, and subsequently the delivery of the service and its associated benefits, ESOMAR processes your full name, e-mail address, gender, job title, telephone number, company and financial details, and in the case of a personal membership a home address. Some of these details, particularly your provided name, company and job title, are published in a public register for members of the general public to consult and confirm membership status and committee membership and consequently adherence to the ICC/ESOMAR International Code. Other details, for example your financial details or your home address are kept confidential and not revealed to the public. Members are able to make changes or prevent the publication of any details they wish to keep confidential through their MyESOMAR settings.
YES Programme
As part of its efforts to reach new and emerging talent within the sector, ESOMAR operates the Young ESOMAR Society service. This includes awards schemes, and a tailored package of services aimed at individuals who meet the criteria established by our membership rules and procedures. In order to ensure the validity of the application and subsequently the delivery of the service and its associated benefits, ESOMAR processes your full name, country of residence, age range, e-mail address, bank details (for payment of services), date of birth, biographical information, your photo, your company details, and your CV (resume).
YES also operates an awards scheme, and processes for applicants their full name, country of residence, gender, full project abstract, company details, date of birth, and bank details (for the payment of the financial recompense attributed to the award).
Disciplinary and helpdesk services
Membership of ESOMAR entails adherence to the ICC/ESOMAR International Code and its disciplinary procedures. Any member of the public may submit a complaint through the ESOMAR disciplinary service. In order to evaluate the validity of the complaint, and ensure an appropriate follow-up, ESOMAR processes personal details from complainants and enquirers (submitting complaints or queries regarding a market, opinion social research or data analytics activity) and responders (members responding to a complaint or query levied regarding their activities) personal details and shares it with industry experts and staff tasked with resolving conflicts or safeguarding professional standards bound by non-disclosure or similar agreements. In particular, ESOMAR processes your full name, e-mail address and telephone number, and country of residence, as well as company details and depending on the nature of the complaint financial, contractual, and private e-mail correspondence between the parties that may be required to analyse the merit of the complaint or query.
MyESOMAR account
ESOMAR operates an account management service, MyESOMAR, which allows our end-users to provide and rectify their personal data to use throughout our portfolio of services. ESOMAR processes your e-mail address, full name and company details, date of birth, and full postal address in order to ensure that the account integrity is secure and can be linked back to you as a data subject. This information is then subsequently used across our other services to avoid duplication of data and reduce additional information you must provide when subsequently subscribing to other services.
You can view and edit your personal details in your MyESOMAR account to rectify any details which are out of date or incorrect.
ESOMAR app
ESOMAR operates a mobile application, the ESOMAR app providing networking tools and services for event attendees and end-users. This application collects the Device ID to retain any preferences that may be set by the end-user.
Marketing services
ESOMAR dispatches regularly e-mail marketing about our services, news and updates from our partners, and other content that is relevant to professionals and organisations working in or with the market, opinion and social research and data analytics sector. For these services, ESOMAR processes your country of residence, age range, full name and company details, and gender and e-mail address in order to further customise the content, track performance of our e-mail marketing service, and improve the relevance of our content.
Directory services
ESOMAR operates a directory service listing professionals and organisations of the market, opinion and social research and data analytics sector. The service enables end-users to locate and identify potential providers and clients for their research and data analytics activities. For these services, ESOMAR processes of its end-users their full name and company details, job title, e-mail and company address in order to enable users to contact one another in the context of the service.
Event services
ESOMAR delivers networking and best-practice events and trainings throughout the world. These events require the registration of participants and often the payment of an attendance fee. Accordingly, ESOMAR processes from event registrants their data of birth, company details, full name, job title, industry of employment, age range, country, gender, and e-mail address in order to provide essential practical details about the event being attended, to track performance of our event services and improve the relevance of our event programmes for you, and provide to our sponsors and partners details to track the performance of their investments into our event services.
Any person who attends or participates in ESOMAR's events grants permission to ESOMAR to record his or her audio/visual/images, including but not limited to, photographs, digital images, voices, sound or video recordings, audio clips, and, without notifying such person, to use such recordings for promotional purpose, including advertisements for future programs and events. It is understood that this material will be communicated in a legitimate manner, both internally and outside this organisation and is not intended to cause any harm or undue embarrassment to the parties involved.
Synopsis/outline submissions
As part of our event services, ESOMAR operates peer-review process for some of its events, in the context of these events ESOMAR issues a call for synopses and subsequently selects submissions that best meet the criteria for inclusion in the programme. For these purposes, ESOMAR process from applicants their country of residency, biographical details, full name and company details, age range, associated LinkedIn profile information, photos of the applicant, CV (resume), date of birth, and e-mail address to allow the selection committee to make a complete assessment of the synopsis, publish the profile of the individual on event programmes and promotional materials relating to the event, publish the synopsis in ESOMAR's resources library and maintain historical records of the sector's expertise.
Live streaming
As part of our event services, ESOMAR offers a live-streaming option for some of its events, in the context of this service and registration for it, ESOMAR processes your full name, your e-mail address, your industry details, country of residence, age range, and IP address in order to ensure the service is delivered to you personally and to track the performance of our live streaming service, and improve the relevance of our content for you.
Research World publications
ESOMAR operates a digital news service known as Research World and on occasion prints and dispatches hard copies of a Research World magazine to its subscribers. In the case of the digital service, ESOMAR processes your full name, IP address, e-mail address, company details, country of residence, and gender in order to personalise the content and web browsing experience to your preferences and expectations, track performance of our publication service, and improve the relevance of our content for you. For the delivery of hard copies of Research World Magazine, an integral part of the membership service offer, we process your personal membership status, your company, name and postal address to ensure successful delivery of the dispatched magazine.
Concierge services
ESOMAR may provide assistance to its members, event speakers and invited guests to secure travel services and hotel bookings in accordance with our policies for such support. In order to book on behalf of individuals benefiting from this service, ESOMAR may process your full name, e-mail address, country of residence, your company details, relevant travel document numbers, and national identification numbers required to make such bookings.
Employee and employment applicants at ESOMAR
ESOMAR employs a full-time secretariat, in order to fulfil its contractual obligations with its staff and applicants, ESOMAR processes employee full name, date of birth, home address, national identification and social security details, bank details, family status, CV (resume), gender, health information. Further details about how ESOMAR processes employee information can be found in employees' staff manuals.
Under what legal basis do we process your personal data?
For all processing activities we are required to inform you under which basis we collect, process, and use your personal data.
Membership services
Most of our services form an integral part of our membership subscription offer, a contractual arrangement between ESOMAR and its members. We collect and process personal data in order to fulfil the contractual obligations that result from this agreement.
Our membership offer enables our members to benefit from facilitated networking (via events, webinars, a public registry, and online discussion platforms…), access to exclusive content produced by ESOMAR and its members, and protection and coverage under our disciplinary process. We therefore collect personal details in order to deliver these subscribed services and to personalise a member's experience.
In order to finalise a membership subscription, and in accordance with our application procedures, personal data may be shared with other ESOMAR members for the purposes of verifying your credentials and subsequently for the purposes of delivering the services mentioned above. These ESOMAR members, who may be located outside the European Union, have access to your details, for the purposes of verifying and completing the contracting phase or the delivery of services at a local level.
ESOMAR publishes a list of its members in order to enable business partners and the general public to confirm your membership status and coverage under our disciplinary process.
Marketing communications
ESOMAR regularly sends out newsletters containing information about upcoming activities and events, industry news and updates, and special offers you may qualify for. For you to receive these newsletters, we collect and process your personal details to ensure they reach you and that we filter content that does not interest you.
We may also collect your e-mail address as part of the consent verification process ensuring that we do not send marketing communications to individuals who have not requested it. On the basis of our legitimate interest to do so, we collect, and process details provided by you for this purpose and retain the data for a period not exceeding 2 weeks.
These communications form an integral part of the membership offer and are therefore communicated in the context of that contractual arrangement. However, we also target marketing communications to individuals who have opted in for our communications under the legal basis of consent for example individuals who are not members but have attended or participated in our events or webinars.
Event services
ESOMAR endeavours to facilitate the most comprehensive networking experience possible and accordingly works with sponsors and partners to expand networking opportunities such as offering platforms to:
Disseminate knowledge and content,
Access and share photos of event attendees on a third-party platform,
Participate and contribute to surveys and discussions through platforms like the ESOMAR App or similar third-party platforms,
Provide you with relevant and related marketing messages and special offers,
Connect you with other event delegates through the ESOMAR (Events) App.
ESOMAR event attendees benefit from these services as part of our contractual service agreement upon registration.
Content services
ESOMAR provides a wide array of content-driven services like our webinars which allow our users to gain new knowledge and insights on a wide variety of topics.
Some of the content provided are provided by sponsoring organisations who provide you with the content in exchange for your contact details in order to provide you further relevant marketing information.
These personal details are collected by our partner ON24 when you register and consent to attending one of our events and then subsequently shared with the sponsoring organisations under their contracting terms with us.
Who do we share your personal data with?
In order to deliver our services, we partner with third parties and processors in order to deliver the best experience possible for you, our service user.
These partners are contractually bound with us in order to ensure that your personal data benefits from the same levels of protection as they have when handled directly by ESOMAR. Currently, our partners include:
Airgo (VCK Travel): Airgo is a Netherlands-based company, serving as our partner supporting us with flight bookings as part of our concierge services.
Airtable: Airtable is a US-based company, providing task management support, serving as our partner supporting us to deliver our Research World services.
Apple Store operated by Apple, a US-based company, is our partner supporting us with the distribution of our ESOMAR (Events) App.
BCS HRM & Salarisadministratie BV is a Netherlands-based company, supporting us to manage our contractual and legal requirements for our employees and salary administration.
Bluehost: Bluehost is a US-based company, providing web-based hosting to support us delivering our Research World services.
Capacious: Capacious is an India-based partner supporting us with website development and technical support.
Google Play operated by Google, a US-based company, is our partner supporting us with the distribution of our ESOMAR (Events) App.
Livestream.com is our partner supporting us with the delivery and distribution of our livestream service.
NetSuite: NetSuite, owned by Oracle, is our partner delivering our customer relationship management platform enabling us to deliver personalized experiences for all our users and customers. It is also the platform managing our subscribers for our marketing communications ensuring that we respect users' consent and preferences.
On24: US-based company, selected as our partner to deliver our webinar platform, enabling us to offer online webinars and digital events. On24 holds registration details that are shared to ESOMAR and third parties providing sponsored content on the basis of the data subject's consent.
SmugMug: US-based company given access to photos of event attendees for the purposes of capturing key highlights of the event. These are used by attendees for personal purposes and by ESOMAR for marketing purposes particularly to secure new sponsors for future events.
Office 365: Office365 owned by Microsoft, a US-based company, is our partner delivering our business suite of tools used by our staff to communicate and deliver our core services. ESOMAR attributes O365 licenses to trusted and appointed volunteers for the purposes of their mission as national representatives of ESOMAR, as members of our statutory committees or our sounding boards. These licenses are granted to individuals based in and outside of the EU who sign specific agreements regarding their access and use of our platforms and any personal data found within them.
Corllete Labs: Corllete Labs is Bulgaria-based partner delivering our suite of tools used by our staff to operate our disciplinary procedures and queries desk. Accordingly, Corllete Labs has access to the personal details and case files of active cases exclusively in order to provide technical support to participants and individuals involved in the disciplinary process or service desk.
Prezenz: Prezenz is a Switzerland-based partner supporting us with website development and technical support. Accordingly, Prezenz has access to the personal details found on our web-based servers in order to provide technical support to our staff, participants and individuals using our services.
FocusVision: FocusVision, a US-based company, and is our partner supporting us to run surveys as part of our event and membership services.
Saferpay: Saferpay by SIX Payment Services (Europe) S.A., a Luxembourg-based partner supports us with the fulfilment of payment services. Accordingly, SIX Payment Services has access to the personal details you provide in order to ensure the success of financial transactions between you and us.
For how long do we retain the data?
In accordance with the GDPR, ESOMAR retains your personal details for as long as is necessary for the initial purpose for which it was collected. As a result, depending on the service you use we may retain your data for differing periods of time. Nonetheless, as an indication:
We retain your personal details collected with consent for our marketing communications for a period that does not exceed 2 years.
We retain your personal details collected in the context of our membership services for the duration of the membership contract and a further period for 5 years for historical archiving purposes. In the context of content submitted to us by you, for example submissions to participate in events, publication of best-practice papers, or the attribution of an award, ESOMAR retains your personal details for these purposes for an indeterminate period for the purposes of historical archiving purposes relating to the history of market, opinion and social research and data analytics.
We retain your personal details for transaction purposes for a period of 7 years in accordance with Dutch laws applying to financial records.
Use of cookies
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your computer browser from a website's computer and is stored on your computer, if your browser's preferences allow it. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website to access its own cookies, not the cookies sent to you by other sites.
ESOMAR uses cookies to help the server identify you when you log in to secure areas of the site, such as MyESOMAR, ESOMAR Directory, and MR Job board. The cookies store your login information, so you can enter and leave the website without having to re-enter the same information over and over.
We also use cookies to track our online traffic flow (through Google Analytics, Google Ad Manager, Hotjar, Crazy Egg, OptinMonster), to share links on social networks (through AddThis and other similar services, and to personalise information in online forms.
You have the opportunity to set your web browser to accept all cookies, to notify you when a cookie is issued, or not to receive cookies at any time. Information supplied by cookies can help ESOMAR provide you with a better user experience. Please note that not accepting cookies may affect your ability to access certain parts of our website. You can view the list of cookies used by ESOMAR here.
Applicable Law
This privacy policy is governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the Netherlands. All disputes arising out of or in connection with this privacy policy must be dealt with under the jurisdiction of the courts of the Netherlands.
Amendments
ESOMAR reserves the right to change any of the terms of this privacy policy at any time and without notice. ESOMAR therefore recommends that you review this privacy policy from time to time, or before making a transaction.
Last update: Amsterdam, 16 March 2020