http://www.torani.com/terms
Close menu
Recipes
Products
Find a Store
Our Story
Foodservice
Help
Sign In
Find a product, recipe, trend, or tip
Search torani.com
User login
Username *
Password *
Create new account
Request new password
Terms and Conditions
This Site is made available by Torani and its subsidiaries, affiliates, parent companies and any of their related businesses are referred to in these Terms & Conditions as "we", "us" or "our".
1. Rights - all rights in all material and content (including, but not limited to, text, images, web pages, sound, software (including, code, interface and website structure) and video, and the look and feel, design and compilation thereof) at this Site are owned by us or our licensors. You agree that you are permitted to use this material and/or content only as set out in these Terms & Conditions or as otherwise expressly authorized in writing by us or our licensors, and that you may not otherwise copy, reproduce, transmit, publicly perform, distribute, commercially exploit, adapt, translate, modify, bundle, merge, share or make available to any person, or create derivative works of such material or content.
2. Intellectual Property - We are the owner and/or authorized user of all trade marks, service marks, patents, copyrights, database rights and all other intellectual property appearing on or contained within the Site, unless otherwise indicated. Except as provided in these Terms & Conditions, use of the Site does not grant you any right, title, interest or license to any such intellectual property you may access on the Site. Except as provided in these Terms & Conditions, any use or reproduction of the intellectual property is prohibited.
3. Copying - You may view this Site and you are welcome to print hard copies of material on it solely for your lawful, personal, non-commercial use. All other copying, whether in electronic, hard copy or other format, is prohibited and may breach intellectual property laws and other laws world-wide. Furthermore, you are not entitled to reproduce, transmit, publicly perform, distribute, adapt, translate, modify, bundle, merge, share or make available to any person, or create derivative works of such material, or use it for commercial purposes, without our prior written consent. All other rights are reserved.
4. Acceptable Usage Policy - This Site may contain discussion groups, bulletin boards, chat rooms and other interactive services. We support the free flow of information and ideas over the Internet but do not actively monitor use of our discussion groups, bulletin boards or chat rooms. Similarly, we do not exercise editorial control over the content of any third party sites, electronic mail transmission, text message, news group, bulletin board, chat room or other material created or accessible over or through the Site. As a result, you may be exposed to content on the Site or on sites accessible over or through the Site that you find offensive or objectionable. However, we do reserve the right to monitor our discussion groups, bulletin boards, chat rooms and other interactive portions of the Site and to remove any content which, in our sole discretion, constitutes a misuse of these interactive services and may restrict, suspend or terminate your use of these services or the Site where we believe that there has been such a misuse.
The following examples constitute a misuse of the interactive services:
(a)using the services for any improper, unlawful or immoral purpose, causing any nuisance by your use of the services or causing the operation of the services to be jeopardized or impaired;
(b)using the services to create, host or transmit (whether in a live chat room, on a bulletin board or otherwise) any defamatory, offensive, or obscene material or engaging in activities which would cause offence to others on grounds of race, religion, creed or sex;
(c)using the services to harm, or attempt to harm, minors in any way;
(d)using the services to create, host or transmit any material that threatens or encourages bodily harm or the destruction of property or would constitute a criminal offence or give rise to civil liability;
(e)using the services to create, host or transmit material which infringes the copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret or other intellectual property or proprietary rights of any other party;
(f) using the services to create, host or transmit unsolicited advertising material to other users;
(g)using the services to create, host or transmit any material that harasses another; using the services to make fraudulent offers to sell or buy products, items or services;
(h)adding, removing or modifying identifying network header information in an effort to deceive or mislead;
(i) using the services to access, or to attempt to access, the accounts of others or to penetrate, or attempt to penetrate, our or a third party's security measures, computer software, hardware, electronic communication system, or telecommunications systems;
(j) using the services to collect, or attempt to collect, personal information about third parties without their knowledge or consent or to engage in screen scraping, database scraping or any other activity with the purpose of obtaining lists of users or other data;
(k)using the services for any activity which adversely affects the ability of other people or systems to use the services or the Internet generally;
(l) reselling, repurposing or redistributing any services provided by us our contractors or our licensees without our prior written consent; or impersonating any person or entity or using a false name that you are not authorized to use.
This list only serves to provide examples and is not meant to be an exclusive list of the type of misuses of the interactive services that may result in the restriction, suspension or termination of your access to the Site. Due to the global nature of the Internet, users hereby agree to comply with all local rules regarding on-line conduct and acceptable content. Users also agree to comply with any applicable rules regarding the export of any data from any country.
The opinions expressed in live chat rooms and/or posted on bulletin boards or on other interactive services are not necessarily ours. Any statements, advice and opinions made by such participants are those of such participants only. We neither endorse nor shall be held responsible for any such statements, advice or opinions.
5. NO WARRANTIES - THIS SITE IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND YOUR USE THEREOF IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. WE, OUR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS AND ASSIGNS, DISCLAIM, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITE WILL BE FREE FROM VIRUSES. ALTHOUGH WE TAKE REASONABLE STEPS TO SECURE THE SITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE INTERNET IS NOT A COMPLETELY SECURE MEDIUM AND WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, THAT ANY INFORMATION OR MATERIALS YOU POST ON OR TRANSMIT THROUGH THE SITE WILL BE SAFE FROM UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR USE. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH THE SITE, YOUR SOLE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE SITE.
6. THIRD PARTY GOODS AND SERVICES - WE DO NOT VOUCH FOR THOSE PERSONS, COMPANIES AND OTHER ORGANISATIONS WHOSE GOODS OR SERVICES MAY BE ACCESSED OR DISPLAYED THROUGH OR ON THE SITE.
7. Your responsibility - You should always verify the information set out in this Site with independent authorities before acting or relying on it. It is your responsibility to use virus checking software on any material downloaded from this Site and to ensure the compatibility of such software with your equipment.
In circumstances where you provide us with information relating to any third parties, you warrant that you have received that third party's consent in relation to such disclosure and that the third party has been informed of, and agrees to the uses we may make of such information.
8. NO LIABILITY - TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW WE, OUR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS AND ASSIGNS, HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY FOR ANY LOSS, COST OR DAMAGE (DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL ,OR OTHERWISE) SUFFERED BY YOU AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR FROM ANY COMPUTER VIRUS TRANSMITTED THROUGH THE SITE, OR OTHER SITES ACCESSED FROM THIS SITE, WHETHER SUCH LOSS, COST OR DAMAGE ARISES FROM OUR NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE AND EVEN IF WE ARE EXPRESSLY INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE. IN NO EVENT SHALL OUR TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, COSTS, LOSSES AND CAUSES OF ACTION IN THE AGGREGATE (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHERWISE) ARISING FROM THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, INCLUDING OUR PRIVACY POLICY, OR USE OF THE SITE EXCEED.
9. Materials submitted by you - Unless specifically requested, we do not solicit nor do we wish to receive any confidential, secret or proprietary information or other material from you through the Site, any of its services, by email, or in any other way. Any information or material submitted by you, and which has not been specifically requested by us, will be deemed not to be confidential, secret or proprietary. You agree that any information or materials submitted by you to this Site, whether ideas, creative concepts or other materials, may be used, reproduced and disclosed by us without restriction for whatever purpose we deem fit and without payment of any sum or acknowledgement of you as their source. You also warrant that any "moral rights" in posted materials have been irrevocably waived by the appropriate authors. WE SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE SUFFERED BY YOU AS A RESULT OF USE OR DISCLOSURE OF SUCH MATERIALS BY US TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. This paragraph 8 does not affect any rights you may have under data privacy laws that protect your personal information or similar privacy laws, to the extent that such rights cannot be excluded.
10. User Information - In the course of your use of the Site, you may be asked to provide personal information to us (such information referred to hereinafter as "User Information"). Our information collection and use policies with respect to such User Information are set forth in the Site Privacy Policy, which Privacy Policy is incorporated into these Terms & Conditions by reference. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for the accuracy and content of the User Information.
11. Links from and to the Site - You acknowledge and agree that we have no responsibility for the information provided by Web sites to which you may link from this Site ("Linked Sites"). Links to Linked Sites do not constitute an endorsement by or association with us of such sites or the content, products, advertising or other materials presented on such sites. We have no control over these Linked Sites and do not edit or monitor them. You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage, loss or cost caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on such Linked Sites.
12. Indemnity - You will indemnify us against any loss, damage or cost incurred by us arising out of your use of the Site, any of its services or any information accessible over or through the Site, including information obtained from linked sites, your submission or transmission of information or material on or through the Site or your violation of these Terms & Conditions or any other laws, regulations and rules. You will also indemnify against any claims that information or material which you have submitted to us is in violation of any law or in breach of any third party rights (including, but not limited to, claims in respect of defamation, invasion of privacy, breach of confidence, infringement of copyright or infringement of any other intellectual property right). We reserve the right to exclusively defend and control any claims arising from the above and any such indemnification matters and that you will fully cooperate with us in any such defenses.
13. Restriction, Suspension and Termination - We may restrict, suspend or terminate your access to the Site and/or your ability to avail of any of the services on the Site, including interactive services, if we believe that you have breached these Terms & Conditions at any time. Any such restriction, suspension or termination will be without prejudice to any rights which we may have against you in respect of your breach of these Terms & Conditions. We may also remove the Site as a whole or any sections or features of the Site at any time. Please note that we have the ability to trace your IP address and if necessary contact your ISP in the event of a suspected breach of these Terms & Conditions.
14. Entire Agreement - These Terms & Conditions, including our Privacy Policy, constitutes the entire agreement between you and us in relation to its subject matter and supersedes any and all prior promises, representations, agreements, statements and understandings whatsoever between us. To the extent that software is available through the Site, such software may be subject to a license agreement that is distributed or included with such software and you agree to abide by the terms and conditions of any such license agreements. The failure by us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms & Conditions shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the Terms & Conditions is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable or invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavour to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the Terms & Conditions shall remain in full force and effect.
15. Law and Jurisdiction - These Terms & Conditions, including the Privacy Policy and any matter relating to this Site, shall be governed by English law. To the extent that software is accessible through this site, such software may be subject to export, re-export and/or import controls imposed by the United States or any other jurisdiction and may not be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported: (a) into (or to a national or resident of ) any country to which the U.S. has placed an embargo, including without limitation, Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Syria, or Yugoslavia; (b) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's Specially Designated Nationals list, or (c) in violation of the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Denial Orders. If you download or use the software, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, or under the control of, or a national or one any such country or on any such list.
Shopping for home?
Sign in to the Torani Shop
Looking for Foodservice?
Sign in to your Foodservice account
Looking for Foodservice?
Sign in to your Foodservice account
Shopping for home?
Sign in to the Torani Shop