https://www.midwestcreditunion.com/about/privacy-policy/
Skip to navigation
Skip to search
Skip to content
Skip to site map
Apply | ATM Network (new window/tab) | Contact Us | Site Map
Online Banking
MENUMENUHomeServices
Mobile BankingReorder ChecksCalculators
RatesLoansAbout
NewsletterBlogMidwest CalendarBecome A MemberPrivacy PolicyAccessibilitySite Map
Contact Us
Search
For your convenience...
Contact Us
Mobile Banking
Rates
Reorder Checks
Midwest Calendar
Newsletter
Privacy Policy
Midwest Community Credit Union is committed to providing you with
financial products and services to meet your needs and help you reach
your financial goals. We are required by law to give you this privacy
notice. If after reading this notice you have any questions, please
contact us at 712-276-1328.  What follows is a description of the
information we collect and disclose, including the parties who receive
nonpublic information from us, as permitted by law, to conduct the
business of the credit union.
Categories of Information We Collect
We collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources:
Information we receive from you on applications or other forms;Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates, or others; andInformation we receive from a consumer reporting agency.
Categories of Information We Disclose and Parties to Whom We Disclose
We do not disclose any nonpublic personal information about our
members and former members to anyone, except as permitted by law. We may
disclose all of the information we collect, as described above, to
companies that perform marketing services on our behalf or to others
financial institutions with whom we have a joint marketing agreement.
Confidentiality and Security
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to
those employees who need to know that information to provide products or
services to you. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural
safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your nonpublic
personal information.
What Members Can Do to Help
Midwest Community Credit Union is committed to protecting the privacy
of its members. Members can help by following these simple guidelines:
Protect your account numbers, card numbers, PINs (personal
identification numbers) and passwords. Never keep your PIN with your
debit or credit card which can provide free access to your accounts if
your card is lost or stolen.Use caution when disclosing your account numbers, social
security numbers, etc. to other persons. If someone calls you, explains
the call is on behalf of the credit union and asks for your account
number, your should beware. Official credit union staff will have access
to your information and will not need to ask for it.Keep your information with us current. It is important that we
have current information on how to reach you. If we detect potentially
fraudulent or unauthorized activity or use of an account, we will
attempt to contact you immediately. If your address or phone number
changes, please let us know.
Please do not hesitate to call us – as always, We are here to serve you!