http://www.hireahubby.co.nz/privacy-policy/
Sorry, your browser is not supported. For a better experience, keep your browser up to date. Check here for latest versions
Privacy Policy
The web offers the chance to collect information about site users. This information can be personally identifiable information or aggregated information. However your privacy is important to Hire A Hubby Limited (“Hire A Hubby”), and we want to be sure that you understand the terms and conditions relating to the way in which we collect information and the use of that information. This privacy policy tells you what information we collect, what we do with it and your rights to view, correct or change it.
The Office of the Privacy Commission provides further details of the New Zealand Privacy Act and how it protects personal information in New Zealand.
The information we collect
Hire A Hubby operates the website www.hireahubby.co.nz. As part of our operations we may gather certain types of information about the users of our sites:
Personally Identifiable Information. You provide this when you register for services that we may offer. Such information may include (but is not limited to): identifying information such as name, telephone number and e-mail address. Providing this information will always be optional for you. However, some services may not be available to you if you choose not to provide it.
Aggregated Data. This information is generated by our systems which track traffic through our sites. This information does not identify you personally and is not linked to the personally identifiable information that you may have provided.
Who we share this information with
The information that we collect may be hosted with a service provider. Our agreements with such service providers protect the information that we collect from any unauthorised use.
The aggregated data (not the personally identifiable information) may be shared with third parties such as advertisers or business partners.
Your personally identifiable information may be shared with third parties when we believe in good faith that we are required to do so by law.
Only if your prior permission has been obtained (which we would usually do at the time of collection), we may share personally identifiable information with specified third parties.
What else we do with personally identifiable information
We have collected this information in order to provide the best possible service to you while you are visiting our sites. To this end we may use the information that you provide for the following purposes:
To verify your identity if you need help with a forgotten password or you are having login problems with one of our site services.
To process any transactions that you might make on our site.
To help provide any other services that you have requested.
To offer the most relevant information suitable to you and your interests.
For any other purposes for which you have given permission.
What about cookies?
A cookie is a small file that resides on your computer and is recognised by our server when you visit our sites. A cookie does not provide us with any personally identifiable information. It does provide details of your IP address, the computer platform that you use (eg Mac or Windows), the browser that you use (eg Microsoft Explorer or Netscape) and what domain you are accessing our sites from.
With this information we can do the following: 1. Track traffic patterns to our site.
2. Ensure that the most relevant content is being shown. 3. Allow you to enter certain site member services without having to log in each time you visit.
If you would rather we did not use cookies with you, you can refuse them by turning them off in your browser and/or deleting them from your hard drive. You will still be able to visit our sites.
What about our advertisers and business partners?
This Privacy Policy only relates to our sites. You should be aware that we are not responsible for the practices of our advertisers or business partners. Our site may contain links to other sites. You should check their privacy policies before providing personally identifiable information to them or any other third party.
Opting in and opting out
You will always have the option to opt in to certain services and to opt out of those services at any stage. This means you may change your mind at any stage about participating in any of our member services.
Can we change this policy?
In order to reflect the fact that our business is growing constantly, we reserve the right to change this policy at any time. We will notify site users of any changes to the Privacy Policy.
Your right to access our information
The Privacy Act of 1993 gives you the right to access and correct your personal information. To find out more about how to do this, please contact Hire A Hubby by phone (0800 803 200) during regular New Zealand business hours (9.00am - 5.00pm) or by email (admin@marketing.org.nz). Alternatively, post your corrections to the attention of Hire A Hubby Limited, PO Box 41271, St Lukes, Auckland 1346.
Our Services
Back
Our Services
Project Management
Installations
Decking & Fencing
Kitchen & Bathroom
Exterior Maintenance
Interior Upgrades
Landscaping
Commercial Properties
Work With Us
Business Opportunities
Our Story
Get In Touch
Book a job
0800 248 229