http://www.burgonandball.com/pages/terms-conditions
My Barrow
Your barrow is empty
"Close Barrow"
Search
Log in
Trade Site
Tools
See More
"Close Barrow"
Long Handled Tools
Hand Tools
Cutting Tools
Accessories
See More
"Close Barrow"
Garden Accessories
Garden Wear
Homeware
Outdoor Lifestyle
Gifts
See More
"Close Barrow"
By Category
By Recipient
By Price
Collections
See More
"Close Barrow"
Brie Harrison for Burgon & Ball
Bucket ina Bag™
Buzz & Dotty
Children's Tools
Corona Tools
Creaturewares
Dig the Glove
Enamelwares
Essential Tools
Express Hoe
FloraBrite®
Grow & Gather
Hard To Find
Hip-Trug®
Houseplant Care Tools
Indoor Plant Pots & Vases
Kneelo®
Love the Glove
Mega Leaf & Dirt Collector
Miracle Brushes
National Trust
National Trust 'Get Me Gardening' kids' tools
Pet Care
Poc-kit®
Razor Hoe
RHS Container Gardening
RHS Endorsed Tools
RHS Gifts for Gardeners
RHS Wood Cutting Tools
Sophie Conran for Burgon & Ball
Super Slice
Tool Maintenance & Sharpeners
Tool Rack
Topiary Care
Tough Tools
Verti-plant®
Watering Cans
Weed Slice
Wonder Weed Puller
Agriculture
See More
"Close Barrow"
Sheep Shearing
Hoof Care
Agricultural Hardware
Journal
Our Story
Contact
Stockists
Delivery
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
FAQs
Press Area
Links & Partners
Need Help? Call Us
WELCOME TO THE TRADE SECTION OF OUR WEBSITE
Login
Sign In
Forgotten your Password?
Please read through our Terms and Conditions
Home
›
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
The following terms and conditions and the applicable relevant consumer legislation govern the use of burgonandball.com and any and all orders placed with Burgon & Ball Limited.
We do our utmost to provide fantastic quality products at cost effective prices.
If you have any problems with your order please contact us either by telephone on 0114 233 8262 or email at reception@burgonandball.com and we will do our best to correct matters.
The Contract
When you place an order at burgonandball.com, you are making an offer to buy the product or products from us at the price advertised. We will send an order acknowledgement to you via email confirming the details. Payment for the order will be taken before we despatch the goods. We will accept your offer to buy the product or products by physically making despatch of the goods to you, at the address you detailed in your offer to buy. We reserve the right to refuse your offer to buy under certain circumstances.
Your consumer rights are detailed in the Consumer Rights Act 2015. Nothing included herein affects your statutory rights.
The Website
Any information contained in burgonandball.com is as accurate as possible. Product measures including dimensions, weights and breaking strains are however approximate. Further, any product images portray as accurate a reflection of the actual product as possible, but we cannot be responsible for slight differences in colourways for example, from an image to the physical item.
If you spot any obvious and glaring errors on the site (there shouldn’t be any but…), please contact us and again we will do our best to correct matters.
Any customer reviews are just that and we cannot be held responsible should you rely on information shown in a review to make your offer to buy.
By using burgonandball.com you are giving your consent to website cookies being used. Without some of these cookies, burgonandball.com would not function properly. There are other cookies which recognise your usage of the website and help us understand what you find interesting. You can update your browser settings and turn cookies off should you so be inclined.
Prices & Payment
The prices displayed include Value Added Tax at the appropriate rate but exclude delivery. A delivery charge is added to your basket upon checkout where relevant. We try to ensure that this cost is reasonable.
You can pay by all major debit and credit cards or via PayPal. Please again be aware that payment is taken at the point of order.
Delivery
We deliver to your home address and offer service to almost all of the United Kingdom. Should we have any problem delivering to the address you gave in your offer to buy, we will contact you before any goods are despatched.
Our deliveries are made by third party logistics carriers. We are not in that business. We rely on these third parties to provide an efficient and timely service to us. We recognise however that we are contracted to deliver this to your home address and that these third party services can affect your view of our business. All that we ask is that you contact us if you do have a problem and bear this in mind. We will do our best to correct matters, should an issue arise. This is our responsibility. That said we will not suffer any liability whatsoever for missed or late deliveries.
Cancellation
If you are not entirely satisfied with your purchase or even change your mind then you should notify us in writing of your wish to cancel your order within 30 days of receiving the product. You will receive a refund.
We expect you to take the product out of its packaging to inspect it as if you were in a store making the purchase. If you use the product beyond this or for example throw away the packaging and return the product to us, then we reserve the right to make a small deduction from the full order value and part refund accordingly. The product ideally needs to be in first class re-saleable condition. If you return the product unused in its original packaging then you will receive back the original order value including any delivery charge. You are obliged to pay for the cost of the freight in returning the goods to us.
Ordinarily we would look to refund you immediately upon receipt of the returned product, but pragmatically this may take a few working days and part of the process may consist of the time taken for debit or credit card processing.
Fault
We are obliged to provide you with goods that are of satisfactory quality, fit for purpose and as described. You should contact us immediately if you consider that one of our products has failed in these regards. If you have purchased the item through a third party (example another store or website) then you are obliged to seek satisfaction from that third party.
If you do receive a faulty product from us, you are obliged to provide us with the opportunity to repair or replace the faulty product before taking any other action (example buying a replacement and expecting a refund).
For faults occurring in the first six months following delivery then the fault is assumed inherent in the product and we will repair or replace subject to being happy that the product has not been mis-used in any way. Many of our tools come with a lifetime guarantee, we are so confident in their performance. For these ranges we will repair or replace irrespective of the time that has lapsed since delivery. For other ranges, if more than six months has passed since delivery, the burden is on you to prove the fault existed at the time of delivery.
Ultimately you should be assured that we want to ensure you, our customers, are fully satisfied. We will always look to make a reasonable outcome with you in the event of dispute.
Contact Us
Burgon & Ball Limited, La Plata Works, Holme Lane, Sheffield, S6 4JY
Company Number: 02074260
Email: reception@burgonandball.com
Telephone: 0114 233 8262
Please quote your order details in all contact with us.
Personal Information
We will use the information that you provide to us. We will need the information to deliver your order, process your payment and we may look to inform you about our company or products.
You agree that we can pass your information on to third party logistics carriers. We will not use or sell your information in any other way.
Help
Contact Us
Delivery & Returns
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
FAQs
Are you a green-fingered gardener? Sign up for the latest tips and news.