http://www.crugroup.com/privacy-policy/
CRU
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
This Privacy notice was last updated on 24th May 2018
SummaryThis Privacy notice explains what information CRU International Ltd (‘CRU’, ‘we’, ‘us’, and ‘our’) gather about you, what we use that information for, and who we give that information to. It also sets out your rights in relation to your information and who you can contact for more information or queries. Click on the links to take you to more detailed sections of this Privacy notice.
ScopeWe take data protection very seriously and we are committed to protecting your personal information. This Privacy notice describes how we handle personal information collected by any means, including through our main website www.crugroup.com , its sub domains and any other marketing or events websites.
It is our policy to collect only the minimum information required from you. If you believe we have collected excessive information about you, please contact us at customer.services@crugroup.com to raise any concerns you may have.
In this Privacy notice your personal information is sometimes called “personal data”. We sometimes collectively refer to handling, collecting, protecting or storing your personal information as ‘processing’.
Although you do not have to provide any of your personal information to us, if we ask you to do so and you refuse, we may be unable to provide you with the information, goods or services you want from us.
Personal information Personal information is anything that enables you to be identified or identifiable, e.g. your name, address, email address, telephone number.
Collection of personal informationBelow are some examples of how you may provide personal information to us:
Entering into contractual negotiations with us
Asking us to provide a service to you or on your behalf
Searching and browsing our websites for content
Subscribing to or ordering newsletters and/or publications;
Completing surveys that we use for research purposes
Registering for and/or attending our events and conferences
Requesting to be kept updated about our events and conferences
Submitting CVs or work history information
Contacting us for information
Filing in forms on our website
Being photographed and/or filmed
Providing us with business cards or other contact information
Use of personal informationWhen you provide personal information to us, we may use it for any of the purposes described in this Privacy notice or as stated at the point of collection (or as obvious from the context of collection), including to:
Negotiate a contractual agreement or arrangement
Provide a service that you have requested
Develop our businesses and services
Provide newsletters, publications and information
Promote our products, services, conferences and events
Administer and manage our websites
Conduct quality and risk management reviews
Monitor and enforce compliance with our Terms of Business
Any other purposes for which you provided the information to us, including any of the purposes given in the ‘Collection of personal information’ section above.
We do not collect personally identifying information for sale to third parties.
Legal grounds for processing personal informationWe rely on one or more of the following processing conditions:
To perform our contractual obligations to you
To satisfy our legitimate interests in the effective delivery of information about our products and services to you and in the effective and lawful operation of our businesses
To satisfy any legal and regulatory obligations to which we are subject;
(Where no other condition for processing is available) if you have agreed to us processing your personal information.
Security of personal informationWe have implemented generally accepted standards of technology and operational security in order to protect personally identifiable information from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction.
Only authorised persons are provided access to personally identifiable information we have collected, and such individuals have agreed to maintain the confidentiality of this information.
Although we use appropriate security measures once we have received your personal data, the transmission of data over the internet (including by e-mail) is never completely secure.
We endeavour to protect personal data, but we cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted to or by us.
Sharing personal informationWe may transfer, share or disclose the personal data we collect from you to third parties (and their respective subcontractors, and/or their subsidiaries and affiliates) for:
The purposes for which the information has been submitted
The purposes listed above under use of personal information
The administration and maintenance of our websites
The promotion of our conferences and events and/or
Other internal or administrative purposes.
We also may transfer share or disclose personal data to any other third-party service provider which is critical in the fulfilment and operation of our business e.g. providers of identity management, website hosting and management, data analysis, data backup, security, mailing services, hotels (and other venues in connection with where conferences and events we host or co-host) and storage services etc.
The third-party providers may use their own third-party subcontractors that have access to personal data (sub-processors). It is our policy to use only third-party providers that are bound to maintain appropriate levels of security and confidentiality, to process personal information only as instructed by us, and to flow those same obligations down to their sub-processors.
International transfers of personal informationYour personal information may be transferred to and stored outside the country where you are located. This includes countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA) and countries that do not have laws that provide specific protection for personal information.
Where we collect your personal information within the EEA, transfer outside the EEA will be only:
To a recipient located in a country which provides an adequate level of protection for your personal information; and/or
Under an agreement which satisfies EU requirements for the transfer of personal data to data processors or data controllers outside the EEA, e.g. standard (model) contractual clauses.
Other disclosuresWe may also disclose personal information to third parties under the following circumstances:
When explicitly requested by you;
When required to deliver publications or reference materials as requested by you;
When required to facilitate conferences or events hosted by a third party;
For regulatory compliance purposes; and/or
As otherwise set out in this privacy statement.
We may also disclose your personal information to law enforcement, other government agencies and to professional bodies and other third parties, as required by and/or in accordance with applicable law or regulation. This includes disclosures outside the country where you are located.
Retention of personal informationWe will retain your personal information only for as long as we need it, given the purposes for which it was collected, or as required to do so by law.
This means we will retain your data for a minimum of six years. If you would like to know more about this, please contact us at customer.services@crugroup.com
MarketingWe may, from time to time, send you marketing materials or messages.
We will only send you marketing materials or messages if either:
you have given us your consent by opting in, e.g. ticking a box; or
you are an existing customer who has not opted-out of marketing messages; or
we are not required to obtain your consent
If you want to unsubscribe from receiving marketing materials or messages, you should look for and follow the instructions we have provided in the relevant communications to you. Alternatively, you can at any time contact us to request that such communications cease by emailing customer.services@crugroup.com
If you choose to unsubscribe from any or all mailings, we may retain information sufficient to identify you so that we can honour your request.
Conferences & Events: To help you maximise networking and business opportunities at our conferences and events, your job titles, company names and country may be included on our conference/event website. If you do not want any of this information to be included, please contact us at conferences@crugroup.com
It is our policy to photograph and/or film speaker, delegates and others attending our conferences & events. If you do not want to be included in photographs or to be filmed, please let us know by contacting us at conferences@crugroup.com
Rights in relation to your informationYou have certain rights in relation to the personal information we hold about you. In particular, you have the right to:
Request a copy of personal information we hold about you;
Ask that we update the personal information we hold about you, or correct such personal information that you think is incorrect or incomplete;
Ask that we delete personal information that we hold about you, or restrict the way in which we use such personal information;
Object to our processing of your personal information; and/or
Withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal information (to the extent such processing is based on consent and consent is the only permissible basis for processing).
If you would like to exercise these rights or understand if these rights apply to you, please contact us.
Automated decision makingWe will not use your personal information for automated decision making.
Our website Our Websites may link to third-party sites not controlled by us and which do not operate under our privacy practices. When you link to third-party sites, our privacy practices no longer apply. We encourage you to review each third-party site's privacy policy before disclosing any personally identifiable information.
Cookies When you use our website, we may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers.
For the same reason, we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. They help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us:
To estimate our audience size and usage pattern
To store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our site according to your individual interests
To speed up your searches
To recognise you when you return to our site
To deliver content, including ads relevant to your interests, on our sites or on third party sites.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site.
Contact usIf you have any questions or complaints about this Privacy notice or the way your personal information is processed by us, or would like to exercise one of your rights set out above, please contact us by one of the following means:
Form: https://www.crugroup.com/contact-us/
Post: Chancery House, 53-64 Chancery Lane, London WC2A 1QS
Alternatively, you may contact our Data Protection Officer on +44 (0) 333 101 4399
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection regulator, which in the UK is the Information Commissioner Office (ICO). The ICO can be contacted by the following means:
Form: www.ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/
Telephone: 0303 123 1113 (local rate – calls to this number cost the same as calls to 01 or 02 numbers). If you're calling from outside the UK please call +44 1625 545 700.
Post: Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, CheshireSK9 5A
We may update this Privacy notice at any time by publishing an updated version here. So that you know when we make changes to this Privacy statement, we will amend the revision date at the top of this page. The new modified or amended Privacy notice will apply from that revision date. Therefore, we encourage you to review this Privacy notice periodically to be informed about how we are protecting your information.