https://www.uniwyo.com/about/privacy.htm
Skip to main content
MOBILE MENU
HOME
ACCOUNTS
Accounts
Checking
Xtraordinary Checking
Free Checking
Dividend Checking
Checking Rates
Savings
Primary Savings Account
Share Certificates
Money Market Account
IRA Accounts
Health Savings
Youth Accounts
Savings Rates
Application Center
Campus Express
Fee Schedule
Frequently Asked Questions
Join UniWyo
LOANS
Loans
Auto Loans
Home Equity Loans
Real Estate Loans
Business/Commercial Loans
Personal Loans
Credit Cards
Student Loans
Student Loan Refinance
Loan Rates
Mortgage Center
Student Lending Center
Loan Calculators
Make Loan Payment
Apply for a Loan
SERVICES
Services
E-Services
Online Banking
Mobile Banking
Mobile Deposit
Visa Account Access
Bill Pay
E-Statements
E-Alerts
UniWyo Money Manager
Investment/Insurance
Additional Services
Campus Express
Insurance Solutions
Insurance Verification
Wire Transfers
Foreign Currency
Student Scholarships
RESOURCES
Applications & Account Forms
Financial Calculators
FAQ
Online Banking FAQ
Bill Pay FAQ
E-Statements FAQ
ABOUT
About Us
Why Choose UniWyo
Field of Membership
Volunteers
Employment
Member Testimonials
CONTACT
Email Us
Branch Locations
ATM Locations
Shared Branches
Phone:  (307) 721-5600
Toll-Free:  1-866-4UNIWYO
Fax: (307) 721-5603
ABA/Routing #  307086882 Email: contact.us@uniwyo.com
Mailing Address:
2020 Grand Ave. Suite 100,
Laramie, WY 82070
Latest Promotions
PRIVACY POLICY
Disclaimer
By entering this website, you agree that you will not hold UniWyo Federal Credit Union or any of its affiliates liable for any damages (including but not limited to direct, indirect, consequential, incidental or punitive) that you may suffer or incur as a result of the use of the website. In addition, you will not hold UniWyo Federal Credit Union or any of its affiliates liable for any costs or expenses that you may incur, including but not limited to legal fees, expert fees or other fees as a result of the use of the site.
UniWyo Federal Credit Union makes no warranties that any of the information contained on its site or available through its links, including information that you may download to your computer, is free from any viruses, bugs, worms or other computer code that may result in harm to your computer system. By use of this site you hereby acknowledge that such rogue code may exist and expressly assume said such risk.
Although UniWyo Federal Credit Union does make reasonable efforts to check the correctness of any information posted on this site or in links to other sites, there is no warranty, either express or implied, or that the information is correct and/or does not infringe on the intellectual property rights of any third party. You, by the use of this site, hereby acknowledge that the information is provided to you on an "AS IS" basis.
Bank with confidence!
Why choose UniWyo?
Because as a member owner of our credit union, you are more than a customer, you become a FRIEND. With little to no fees, low loan rates, and high deposit rates, we offer an exceptional VALUE you can't find anywhere else. The CONVENIENCE of two branches and 15 ATM machines in Laramie and access at over 6,000 branches nationwide through CO-OP shared branching allows you to bank with us wherever you go! Through our donations and community involvement we have developed a strong RELATIONSHIP to the University of Wyoming and the community.
Choose an option:
Apply for an Auto Loan
Apply for a Personal Loan
Apply for a Home Equity Loan
Apply for a Mortgage Loan
Apply for a Credit Card
Apply for a Student Loan
Invest for My Future
Save for Retirement
Join UniWyo
Videos
SEARCH