http://www.circon.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home
About Us
Commitment to Sustainability
Careers
Current Opportunities
Contact Us
Products & Services
System Architecture
Products
Circon Products
OEM Solutions
Complementary Products
Services
Featured Solution
News & Events
Contact
Resources
Case Studies
Industry Links
Documentation
Customer Login
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Your Privacy
Efficient Building Automation Corporation (“EBAC”) respects your privacy and we are committed to protecting any personal information that we may collect. Our privacy commitment includes ensuring the accuracy, confidentiality, and security of your personal information and allowing you to request access to, and correction of, your personal information.
We will inform you of why and how we collect, use and disclose your personal information, obtain your consent where required and only handle personal information in a manner that a reasonable person would consider appropriate in the circumstances. EBAC does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you’ve requested or when we have your permission.
This Privacy statement outlines the principles and practices we will follow in the collection and protection of your personal information and it has been drafted in accordance to the guidelines set forth in British Columbia’s Personal Information Protection Act (PIPA). PIPA sets out how private Canadian organizations may collect, use and disclose personal information.
Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Statement, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information EBAC may collect from you. Since we do not control the privacy policies of third parties, you are subject to the privacy customs and policies of that third party. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others.
Please read this Privacy Statement carefully, and if you have any questions, please feel free to contact us. Please be reminded that by visiting the EBAC site or submitting your personal data, you accept the terms described in this Privacy Statement. From time to time, we may update this Privacy Statement and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our online information practices. We will post a notice of significant changes on the site and we encourage you to visit this page periodically to review any such changes. Your continued use of the EBAC Site after any modification indicates your agreement to the new terms.
What is considered personal information
Under the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act, personal information includes recorded information about an identifiable individual, such as name, address, phone number, email address and credit card information. Business contact information is not considered “personal” information.
Business Contact information – means information that would enable an individual to be contacted at a place of business and includes name, position name or title, business telephone number, business address, business email or business fax number. Contact information is not covered by this policy or PIPA.
Information we collect and how we use it
Personal Information
We do not directly collect any personally-identifying information through the EBAC site. In order to use some features of this site (eg. Contact Us, News & Insights email alerts, Send content to a friend, job applications) you may choose to provide personal information (such as your name, address, telephone number and email address). This information is used only to contact the user about the services on our site for which he/she has expressed an interest.
Keep your user ID and password confidential. Be wary of emails that ask for personal information. Never provide your password, personal information numbers or login information via email. We will not ask you for personal information via email except in response to an email you have sent to us. If you receive an unsolicited email asking for personal information please contact us.
Retaining Personal Information
We will retain personal information only as long as necessary to fulfill the identified purposes or a legal or business purpose.
Non-Personal Information
We collect certain aggregate and non-personal information when you visit our site. Aggregate and non-personal information does not relate to a single identifiable visitor. It tells us such things as how many users visited our site and the pages accessed, your IP (Internet Protocol) address, browser type, operating system, domain name, access times, and referring web site addresses. By collecting this information, we learn how to best tailor our web site to our visitors.
Testimonials and user feedback
We often receive feedback from users who want to share their experiences or stories with us. We occasionally publish this content. We will only identify users who consent to publication of their stories.
Email communication you choose to receive from us
With the exception of transactional emails (e.g. confirmation of online registration, emails directly related to your business account), we will not send you any email unless you opt-in to receive communications from us. If you opt-in, you will receive information we believe will be of interest to you.
Information We Share
We do not sell or otherwise disclose personal information about our web site visitors, except as described here. We may share information provided by our visitors to circon.com with our affiliated organizations. In addition, we may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process, (ii) to law enforcement authorities or other government officials, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity.
Information We Transfer
We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use personal information you have provided through this web site in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Statement.
We may transfer the personal information we collect on this site to other countries where we do business, but we will do so only for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement. When we transfer your information to other countries, we will protect that information as described here unless otherwise required by applicable laws.
Links to Other Sites
We provide links to other web sites for your convenience and information. Please be aware that these sites may have their own privacy statements in place, which we recommend you review if you visit any linked sites. EBAC is in no way responsible for the content of linked sites, any use of the sites, or your privacy once you have clicked through to other sites.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Statement, or if you would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, please contact us by email or phone:
* Visiting our Contact Us Form
* Calling us at 604.248.4404
Please also see our Terms of Use to find out more about our company and our policies related to this site.
Last Updated: May6, 2011
Comments are closed.
Quick Links
Find a Local Circon System Integrator
Assistance with building a Circon specification
Become a Circon System Integrator
Learn about our products
Visit our YouTube channel
Catalyst Example Programs
Circon Catalyst online user guide
Recent News
New Product Release: SCC-420 Multi Protocol
PRODUCT BULLETIN: Software Updates Now Released
New EBAC Contact Information
PRODUCT BULLETIN: Windows XP End of Life; Circon 200, 300 and 400 Series Impact
New Product Release: Circon Visual Integrator 4.1
Events
©2019 Efficient Building Automation Corp.
Home
Contact Us
Site Map
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy