http://www.governmentauctions.org/terms.asp
Read our Blog
| Member Privileges |
FAQ
| About |
Contact |
Affiliates
| Mobile | Login
Privacy Commitment
See What Others Are
Saying About Us!
Thursday, December 10, 2020
See Us on CNBC
Listen to Our Interview
Our Latest Interview
"State and local
government surplus sales are currently about 25 percent higher
than they were in July, according to GovernmentAuctions.org
. . . ."
See
More News
Terms of Service, Use and Membership
For and in consideration of the
premises and of the mutual representations, warranties, covenants and agreements
contained herein, and of other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and upon the terms and subject to
the conditions hereinafter set forth, the parties do hereby agree as follows:
1. Parties. This Agreement
(the "Agreement" or the "Terms of Use") is between and among Cyweb Holdings Inc.
(the "Firm" or the "Company"), an organization having its principal place of Business in Nassau
County, New York, USA, and you, the user of this website ( the "User"
or "you").
2. Use. By Continuing
to use this web site (or by registering for a member account), you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of the
Agreement between you and the Firm.
3. Eligibility.
GovernmentAuctions.org (the "Site" or the "Business") is a website owned, and a business conducted, by the Firm that allows
the Site's
members to view information and materials on government and other related auctions and auction
sources, as well as other relevant information and materials, published
by Firm. No one under the age of 18 may use
this Site. By registering for membership to the Site, or otherwise in any way
using the Site, the User agrees to be bound by these Terms of Use. This
Agreement sets out the legally binding terms for the User's use and membership,
and failure to comply will result in immediate termination of User's membership
privileges. From time to time, this Agreement may be modified by the Firm
without any notice. If the modifications are significant, the Firm will likely
attempt to notify the User at the email address the User provides upon
registering or that the Firm otherwise has on file, but neither the Firm not the
Site are under any
obligation to do so. It is solely the User's responsibility to check these Terms
of Use for any updates or modifications. Changes to these term of use are
effective upon notice to User by e-mail, posting at or via hyperlink to the Site, or by mail.
4. Membership. Access to government
auction and other listings requires a paid
membership subscription. The
current rates for Full Membership to the Site are
$19.95 for one time 1
month of Access, which automatically rebills monthly until cancelled. The
initial monthly charge takes place at the expiration of any FREE TRIAL period.
If you cancel your membership prior to such expiration, your membership will be
suspended and you will not be charged. If you have had a subsription with Site
at anytime in the past, you are not eligible for any FREE TRIAL. Payment for the membership provided to you at and/or
through this site may be made by automatic credit card, check or bank debit or
through any other facility available during the registration process, and you
hereby authorize the Firm and/or its authorized agent (the "Agent"),  to transact such payments on your behalf by
charging your credit card (or other approved facility) for the subscription fees
according to the billing terms for membership posted on these Terms of Use at
the time of payment. REFUND POLICY: Subscription fees are earned upon receipt, but any monthly subscription fee is refundable within the first 30 days from when it was paid. Once 30 days passes from payment, that fee is non-refundable regardless of how long the User remains a member. The User agrees
to be personally liable for all charges incurred by the User during or through
the use of the Site. The User's liability for such charges shall continue after
termination of the User's membership for any reason.
Unless the User has good reason to
believe the credit card (or other approved facility) the User uses to purchase
the User's membership is lost or stolen, the User promises and agrees not to report
that credit card (or other approved facility) as lost or stolen; and not to
dispute any authorized charge by the Agent or the Firm.
Once a User registers with the Site and pays the
current rate for membership, the User also becomes a Member of the Site (a "Member"), and,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this agreement, the Firm
agrees to provide the User with all the membership privileges of a subscription
to the Site and its features available to a Member in good standing so long as
the User remains such a Member.
5. Transferability; Assignability.
A Member may not be assign or transfer that Member's membership to the Site to
any other person or entity. Nor may the Member provide any other person or
entity access to the Member's membership subscription, either directly or
indirectly. This includes, but is not limited to, providing the Member's
username and/or password to other parties and making Member's user name and/or
password available where others may access them. The Member must keep Member's
password strictly confidential. Allowing others to gain unauthorized access to
the Site is a breach of this Agreement and a violation of law.
The User may not transfer any rights
or obligations the User may have under this Agreement without the prior written
consent of the Firm.  The Firm reserves the right to transfer this
Agreement or any right or obligation under this Agreement without the User's
consent. The User agrees that this Agreement and all incorporated agreements may
be automatically assigned by the Firm, in the Firm's sole discretion, to a third
party in the event of a merger or acquisition.
6. Term. This Agreement will remain in effect for as long as
the User uses the
site in any way and/or remains a Member of the Site. A User may terminate
his or her membership at any time by notifying the Site at the following email
address: support@GovernmentAuctions.org. However, none the money paid for
the membership subscription (except that whcih was part in the last 30 days fromt he request) will be refunded
under any circumstances. The site
may terminate User's membership at any time for any reason, upon written notice to
the email address the User provided when registering or that the
Firm otherwise has
on file.
7. Unauthorized Access. The
User promises and agrees not to access, view, download, receive or otherwise use, or cause or
enable others to access, view, download, receive or otherwise use the materials
or information provided by the member-only portions of the Site (collectively, the "Materials"),
directly or indirectly, whereby the Firm does not authorize such access,
viewing, downloading, receipt or other use. The User acknowledges and agrees
that the Firm does not authorize any of the Materials to be accessed, viewed,
downloaded, used by, transmitted, broadcast or otherwise disseminated to any
person or entity located in any and all areas where such access, viewing
downloading, use, transmission, broadcast or other dissemination is prohibited
by law ("Prohibited Areas"). The User further acknowledges that the Firm does
not authorize the User to cause or enable others to access, view, download,
receive or otherwise use the Materials, directly or indirectly.
8. Non-exclusive License.
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Firm hereby grants the
User a limited, non-exclusive and non-transferable license to use the Materials
during the period in which the User is a current Member in good standing. User
may use the Materials only in accordance with the terms and conditions of these
Terms of Use, only on one computer at a time and, if the Firm makes downloadable
copies of the Materials available, the User may make only a single copy of such
Materials for the User's personal use and enjoyment.
The User may not remove any
propriety notices from Materials at any time. The User may make no use of
Materials not expressly authorized herein or by prior express written
authorization from the Firm. Prohibited uses, include, without limitation: (1)
permitting other individuals to directly or indirectly use the Materials; (2)
modifying, translating, reverse engineering, decompiling, disassembling the
Materials (except to the extent applicable laws specifically prohibit such
restriction); (3) making copies or creating derivative works based on the
Materials except as provided herein; (4) renting, leasing, or transferring any
rights in the Materials; (5) removing any proprietary notices or labels on the
Materials; and (6) making any other use of the Materials not specifically
authorized. This license does not
grant the User any rights to any software enhancements or updates of any kind.
9. Intellectual, Property, and Other Rights. Except for public domain
material or material otherwise licensed to the Firm for electronic
dissemination, all Materials and all content contained in, displayed at, or
otherwise available through this site, are proprietary, and, except for initial
downloading, may not be, without limitation, copied, modified, published,
transmitted, distributed, redistributed, performed, displayed, sold, or
downloaded, in whole or in part, without the prior written authorization from the
Firm. All editions of the Site, and all Materials and other matter and content
used directly or indirectly in, at, by, through and/or with this site are
protected by the copyright laws of the United States, international copyright
treaties and other laws and regulations. All rights are reserved. All
intellectual property and other rights in and to the Materials and other matter
at this site shall at all times remain in the Firm, its parent(s), subsidiary(ies),
licensee(s) and assign(s). All intellectual property and other rights in and to
any intellectual property content accessed through the Materials is the property
of the applicable content owner, which may be the Firm, its parent(s),
subsidiary or subsidiaries, licensee(s) and assign(s), or others, and may be
protected by applicable copyright and/or other laws. The limited and
non-exclusive license granted to the User herein grants to the User no rights to
use such content except as set forth herein. This license will immediately
terminate automatically if the User fails to comply with the limitations
described herein, breach any other provision of this Agreement, cease, for any
reason, to be a Member in good standing, or are notified of its termination by
the Firm or its authorized agent(s). The User agrees that upon such termination,
the User will immediately destroy all copies of the Materials in the User's and
in the possession of anyone else who has gained unauthorized access to or
possession of the Materials as a proximate fault of the User.
The User agrees that any and all
unauthorized access, viewing, downloading, receipt, duplication or other use of
any content or Materials in which the User is directly or indirectly involved,
including, but not limited to 1) accessing, viewing, downloading, receiving or
other use of the Materials in Prohibited Areas and 2) causing or enabling others
to access, view, download, receive or otherwise use the Materials, directly or
indirectly, shall constitute intentional infringement(s) of this Firm's, and
potentially others' intellectual property rights (such as trademarks,
copyrights, and trade secrets) and other rights in the information and
Materials, including, but not limited to, the Firm's right of privacy.
The User agrees to be personally
liable and fully indemnify the Firm and its agents for any and all damages
directly, indirectly and/or consequentially resulting from the User's attempted
or actual unauthorized downloading or other duplication of the Materials or any
other content from the Site alone, or with or under the authority of, any other
person(s), including, without limitation, any governmental agency(ies), wherein
such damages include, without limitation, all direct and consequential damages
directly or indirectly resulting from the unauthorized downloading of Materials
and other content and information from
this site including, but not limited to, damages resulting from loss of revenue,
loss of property, fines, attorney's fees and costs, including, without
limitation, damages resulting from prosecution and/or governmentally imposed seizure(s), forfeiture(s), and/or injunction(s).
The Parties agree not to make any statements, written or verbal, or cause or encourage others to make any statements, written or verbal, that defame, disparage or in any way criticize the personal or business reputation, practices, or conduct
its employees, directors, and officers. The Parties acknowledge and agree that this prohibition extends to statements, written or verbal, made to anyone, including but not limited to, the news media, investors, potential investors, any board of directors or advisory board or directors, industry analysts, competitors, strategic partners, vendors, employees (past and present), and clients.
The Parties understand and agree that this Paragraph is a material provision of this Agreement and that any breach of this Paragraph shall be a material breach of this Agreement, and that each Party would be irreparably harmed by violation of this
10.
Access and Interference. The Site may
contain robot exclusion headers and the User agrees that the User will not,
directly or indirectly, use any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual
process to monitor or copy the Site's web pages or the content contained in or
on, and accessible through, the Site without the Firm's prior expressed written
permission. The User agrees that the User will not use any device, software or
routine to bypass any of the Site's existing robot exclusion headers, or to
interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site or any
activities conducted on the Site. The User agrees that the User will not take
any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the
Site's infrastructure. Much of the information on the Site is proprietary or is
licensed to the Firm by the Site's other users or third parties. The User agrees
that the User will not publicly display or frame any content from the Site
and/or provide electronic links to any Materials, without the prior expressed
written permission of the Firm.  If the User uses, or attempts to use the
Site for purposes other than those specifically authorized herein, these
purposes not authorized including, but not limited to, tampering, hacking,
modifying or otherwise corrupting the security or functionality of Site, the
User's membership, if one exists, will be terminated and the User will be
subject to damages and other penalties, including criminal prosecution where
available.
11. No Competition. The User
promises and agrees that, once the User either becomes a Member, or
in
any way gains access to the Materials, whether this access
is authorized or unauthorized, User will not compete commercially in any way and
will not
in any way facilitate any other party's or entity's commercial competition with
the Firm in the Business for a period of three (3) years from, the later of,
either the date of termination of the User's membership to the Site, or the
User's access to any of the Materials, whereby the User specifically, but
without limitation, promises and agrees not to:
(i) Call upon, solicit, divert, take
away or attempt to call upon, solicit, divert or take away any past,
existing or potential customers, suppliers, businesses, or accounts
of (a) the Firm in connection with any business substantially
similar to the Business in the Territory, which the User
acknowledges is worldwide;
(ii) Hire, attempt to hire, contact or solicit
with respect to hiring for the User or on behalf of any other person any present
or future employee of the Firm in the Business;
(iii) Engage in, or give any advice to any
person, firm, partnership, association, venture, corporation or other entity
engaged in, a business substantially similar to the Business in the Territory;
(iv) Lend credit, money or reputation for the
purpose of establishing or operating a business substantially similar to the
Business in the Territory;
(v) Do any act that the User knew or reasonably
should have known might injure the Firm; and
(vi) Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing provisions, conduct a business substantially similar to the Business,
whether or not under the name "GovernmentAuctions.org" or any other trade
names, trademarks or service marks used by the Firm in the Territory.
The covenants in subsections (i)
through (vi) above are intended to restrict the User from competing in any manner with
the Firm or the Business in the activities that have heretofore been carried on
by the Firm. The obligations set forth in subsections (i) through (vi) above
shall apply to actions by the User through any form of ownership, and whether as
principal, officer, director, agent, employee, employer, consultant, shareholder
or holder of any equity security (beneficially or as trustee of any trust),
lender, partner, joint venturer or in any other individual or representative or
affiliated capacity whatsoever. However, none of the foregoing shall prevent
User from being the holder of up to 5.0% in the aggregate of any class of
securities of any corporation engaged in, directly or indirectly, the activities
described in subsections (i) through (vi) above, provided that such securities
are listed on a national securities exchange or reported on Nasdaq.
12. Enforcement of Covenants of
No Competition. User acknowledges that a violation or attempted violation of
any of the covenants and agreements in Section 11 above will cause such damage to
the Firm as will be irreparable, the exact amount of which would be difficult to
ascertain and for which there will be no adequate remedy at law, and
accordingly, the User agrees that the Firm shall be entitled as a matter of
right to an injunction issued by any court of competent jurisdiction,
restraining such violation or attempted violation of such covenants and
agreements by the User, or the affiliates, partners or agents of such User, as
well as recover from the User any and all costs and expenses sustained or
incurred by Firm in obtaining such an injunction, including, without limitation,
reasonable attorneys' fees. User agrees that no bond or other security shall be
required in connection with such injunction. User further agrees that the
periods of restriction set forth in Section 11 above shall be tolled during any
period of violation thereof by the User. Any exercise by the Firm of its respective rights pursuant to this Section 12 shall be cumulative and in
addition to any other remedies to which Firm may be entitled.
13. Specific Validity of
Provisions in Sections 11 and 12.  To the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law, if it should ever be held that any provision contained in Sections 11 or 12
does not contain reasonable limitations as to time, geographical area or scope
of activity to be restrained, then the court or other tribunal so holding shall,
at the request of the Firm, reform such provisions to the extent necessary to
cause them to contain reasonable limitations as to time, geographical area and
scope of activity to be restrained and to give the maximum permissible effect to
the intentions of the parties as set forth herein; and the court or other
tribunal shall enforce such provisions as so reformed.
14. User Posted Content. The Site may from time to time include features
that allow Users to post content. By posting content ("User Content"), defined as
messages, profiles, photos, or chat, the User automatically grant to the Firm
and to the Site's other Users an
irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, fully paid, worldwide license to use,
copy, perform, display, and distribute such information and content subject to
the Firm's
privacy policy. This license extends to the Firm; to any divisions and
subsidiaries of the Firm, whether based on the Internet or otherwise, including,
but not limited to, the Site; and to the Firm's affiliates, officers, agents and
other partners and employees.
The posting of a 3rd party's copyrighted material on the Site
by a user is strictly prohibited. The Firm, at its sole discretion may delete
any User Content that violates these terms of use or is in any other way offensive,
illegal, or that might violate the rights, harm or threaten the safety of other
Site users.
User
Content that includes nudity or profanity is prohibited. Commercial ads,
including any outside links, are not permitted within any User  Content.
The Users are
prohibited from listing their personal contact information such as phone number
or email address except as provided for in the User registration. Any User who use
profanity in any public chat rooms on the Site or in any way harasses other users will be banned
from the Site.
15. User Disputes. You are solely responsible for all interaction
between yourself and other Users. The Site reserves the
right to intervene at its own discretion. Do not use this Site to threaten the
safety of others. All such incidences will be reported to the appropriate law
enforcement authorities.
16. Privacy Policy.  Our privacy policy (located at
https://www.governmentauctions.org/privacy.asp) is a part of this agreement and
is hereby incorporated by reference.
17. No Express or Implied Warranties.
Except in jurisdictions where such
provisions are restricted, User agrees that the Materials and all other services
provided to you by the Firm are provided on an "AS IS, AS AVAILABLE" basis, without warranties
of any kind, including without limitation 1)any warranties as to the
availability, accuracy, or content of Materials, information, products, or
services; 2)any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular
purpose and non-infringement. The Firm makes no guarantee whatsoever about any
specific results from the use of the Site, or the Materials and any other
content contained therein or pertaining thereto. The Firm makes no guarantee
whatsoever about the accuracy of the information listed in the Site's
directories or anywhere else on the Site. The Firm is not responsible for
incorrect or inaccurate content posted on the Site. The Firm assumes no
responsibility for technical difficulties, including computer malfunctions,
disconnects, and server failure, and overload. The Firm Guarantees no uptime of
the Site. Under no circumstances will either the Site or the Firm be responsible
for any loss or damage resulting from any User's or anyone's use of the Site or
the services offered on the site and/or any Content posted on the Site or transmitted to Users. The
entire risk as to the quality and performance of the Materials on the site and
other content or services contained therein or pertaining in anyway thereto is
borne by THE USER. Should the Materials or any other service provided by Company
prove defective and/or cause any damage to the USER'S computer or inconvenience to
you, you, and not Firm, assume the entire cost and all damages which may result
from any and all such defects. This disclaimer of warranty constitutes an
essential part of the Agreement. Under no circumstances and under no cause of
action or legal theory, shall Company, its suppliers, licensees, resellers, or
other subscribers, or their suppliers, licensees, resellers or subscribers be
liable to you or any other person for any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential damages of any character including, without limitation, damages
for loss goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and
all other commercial damages resulting from any use of Materials or other use of
the Site.
18. Force Majeure. In no
instance shall the Firm be liable in damages or otherwise for any delay or
default in performing its obligations hereunder if such delay or default is
caused by matters beyond the reasonable control of the Firm, such as, but not
limited to, power failures, server failures, wars or insurrections, acts of God,
acts of government, strikes, fires, floods, earthquakes, work stoppages,
embargoes, or the failure of third parties, including, without limitation,
suppliers and subcontractors, to perform their obligations to the Firm, and/or
inability to obtain material.
19. Goods and Services offered by
Third Parties. The Firm does not screen or endorse advertisements or
communications submitted to, posted on, or otherwise made available through, the
Site, directly or indirectly, by third-party licensees, advertisers, or users.
Neither  the Firm nor its agents assume any responsibility or liability for any
third party advertisers or any other
third party offer. The User agrees to indemnify and hold
the Firm, its parents,
subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents and all other partners and employees,
harmless from any loss, liability, claim or demand, including reasonable
attorney's fees, for any dispute due to or arising out of any User's or anyone
else's use of a third
party offer or advertisement or promotion.
The User is therefore advised to use
the User's own judgment to evaluate all advertisements and other third party
communications available at or through the use of the Site prior to purchasing
goods and/or services described at the Site or other websites or otherwise
responding to any communication at the Site or other websites.
20. Limitation of Liability. To the maximum extent permitted by law, in no event will
the Firm or its agents be liable to Users
or any third party for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental,
special or punitive damages, including, without limitation, lost profit, arising from User's use of the
Site or any service made available by the Site or contained therein. The Firm's liability to any User for any cause
whatsoever will be limited to any membership fee that was paid by
that User. The Firm and the Site shall in no way ever be liable to any third
party.
ALL AUCTION OR
FORECLOSURE DATA PROVIDED IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. RELIANCE UPON THE
INFORMATION IS SOLELY AT THE RISK OF THE RECIPIENT. THE INFORMATION IS SUBJECT
TO ERRORS OMISSIONS AND CHANGES. ALL INFORMATION HEREIN SHOULD BE VERIFIED WITH
THE LISTER AND/OR THE SELLER BEFORE FINANCIAL COMMITMENTS ARE MADE.
21. Governing Law.
Subject only
to the applicable Federal law of the United State of America, THIS AGREEMENT
SHALL BE CONSTRUED, ENFORCED AND GOVERNED BY THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF
NEW YORK, U.S.A., as such laws are applied to agreements entered into and to be
performed entirely within New York by New York residents, AND not the laws of
New York that pertain to choice or conflict of laws. The application any International Law,
including, without limitation, the United Nations Convention of Contracts for
the International Sale of Goods, is expressly excluded.
22. Disputes. The User agrees
that all disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be
finally settled under the Rules of the American Arbitration Association by one or more arbitrators appointed
in accordance with said Rules. The place of arbitration shall be Nassau County,
New York, USA. The User hereby renounces any right of recourse that the User may have
before the court of any jurisdiction, (including, without limitation, all rights to judicial review
of the arbitrator's
decision and any award contained therein)
except to obtain preliminary or injunctive
relief or enforce an award of the arbitrator, in which case, and only in which
case, the federal or state courts located in the state of new York shall have
jurisdiction to hear any dispute under this Agreement. The parties
hereby waive all rights to judicial review of the arbitrator's decision and any
award contained therein.
If any award rendered by an
arbitrator in accordance with this arbitration clause would not be capable of
being executed in the jurisdiction of a party against whom a claim for payment
is made or where that party resides or carries on business, neither the award
nor said arbitration clause shall bar a party hereto from taking action before
the courts that have jurisdiction over such other party.
23. Indemnity. User agrees to be personally liable and to fully indemnify and hold the Site and the Firm,
their
subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents and other partners and employees,
harmless from any loss, liability, claim or demand, including reasonable
attorney's fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of User's use of
the Site in violation of this Agreement and/or arising from a breach of these
Terms of Use and/or any breach of the User's representations and warranties set forth
herein.
24.
Waiver. The waiver by the Firm of a breach of any provision of this
Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach
by any party nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver.
25. Validity. If any
provision hereof is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable under present
or future laws effective during the term hereof, then the court or other
tribunal so holding shall, at the request of the Firm, reform such provision to
the extent necessary to cause it to become legal, valid and enforceable to give
the maximum permissible effect to the intentions of the parties as set forth
herein; and the court or other tribunal shall enforce such provisions as so
reformed.
26.
Electronic Communications. The User agrees that this Agreement
constitutes "a writing signed by the User" under any applicable law or
regulation. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, this Agreement
and any other agreements, notices or other communications regarding the User's
membership account and/or the User's use of the Site, may be provided to the
User electronically and the User agrees to receive all Communications from the
Firm in electronic form. Electronic Communications may be posted on the pages
within the Site and/or delivered to the e-mail address that the User provides
upon registering to become a Member, or that the firm otherwise has on file. The
user may print a copy of any Communication and retain it for the User's records.
All Communications in either electronic or paper format will be considered to be
in "writing," and to have been received upon posting or dissemination, whether
or not the User have received or retrieved the Communication. the Firm reserves
the right but assumes no obligation to provide Communications in paper format.
27. Severability. Subject to
Sections 11, 12, and 13, but notwithstanding anything else contained in any
prior Sections of this Agreement, if any provision hereof is held to be illegal,
invalid or unenforceable under present or future laws effective during the term
hereof, such provision shall be fully severable; this Agreement shall be
construed and enforced as if such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision
had never comprised a part hereof; and the remaining provisions hereof shall
remain in full force and effect and shall not be affected by the illegal,
invalid or enforceable provision or by its severance here from, except that, the
court or other tribunal so holding shall, at the request of the Firm, reform
such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision to the extent necessary to
cause it to become legal, valid and enforceable, and the other provisions of
this Agreement will not be affected by any such reformation.
28. Miscellaneous. The User
acknowledges that the User has had read the Entire Agreement and that the User
has had opportunity to print or to otherwise retain a copy of the same for the
User's records.
29. Headings. The headings of
the sections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience of reference only
and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the
construction hereof.
30. Survival of Obligations. Except where otherwise explicitly stated, the provisions of this Agreement,
including, without limitation, Sections 11, 12, and 13, shall survive the
Agreement's termination.
31. Entire Agreement. This
Agreement contains the entire agreement between the User and the Firm
regarding the User's use of this site, Materials and all other materials and
content directly
and indirectly related thereto. This Agreement supersedes all prior written and
oral understandings, writings, and representations and may only be amended upon
notice by the Firm.
See our
Commercial
Having Appeared in Various Markets
Watch a Live Government Auction
Showing both Preview & Bidding
Seized Car Sold at
Customs Auction
You won’t believe the deal!
US Marshals Vehicle Auction
Where some high-end vehicles are sold
GovernmentAuctions.org on
CNBC
Our interview on CNBC’s Power Lunch
Activate Free Trial
| Member Privileges
| Government
Auctions Blog | Contact Information | HOME| Affiliate Program
In the News
| Advertise | Terms of Use Privacy
Commitment | FEMA TRAILERS | Foreclosure
Investing Tutorial
| Tax Sales
| Articles
| Find Government Auctions
Car Auctions
| Seized Property & Surplus Property
| Foreclosures
| Video Tutorials
Copyright ©
2003-2019
Cyweb Holdings Inc. All
Rights Reserved. COPYRIGHT NOTICE
GovernmentAuctions.org is a registered servicemark of Cyweb Holdings Inc.
Follow
GovernmentAuctions.org on Twitter |
Become a Fan of GovernmentAuctions.org on Facebook
Government Auctions Listed
by State / Territory (ALL) | Federal
Government Seized Property Auctions | Federal
Government Surplus Property Auctions
Federal Government Real Estate Auctions
| Bankruptcy Auctions | State
Government Auctions
University Auctions
|
Local Government and Police Auctions | Canadian Government
Auctions | GovernmentAuctions.com