http://www.stanleymartin.com/smcweb/privacy.asp
At the Stanley Martin Companies, customers are our most valuable asset. We recognize that building a long-term business relationship with you depends a great deal on trust. This trust begins with our commitment to respecting as well as protecting your privacy.
We've structured our web site so that, in general, you can visit the Stanley Martin Companies on the Web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. Once you choose to provide us personally identifiable information (name, address, e-mail address, phone number, etc.) you can be assured that it will only be used to support your customer relationship with the Stanley Martin Companies.
Our privacy statement covers three main areas: Awareness, Choice and Security. Please keep in mind that the Stanley Martin Companies' privacy practices may vary as required by local laws and policies.
1. Awareness
The Stanley Martin Companies provides this Online Privacy Statement to make you aware of our privacy practices and of the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and from the bottom of the StanleyMartin.com web page.
What information we collect
In order to tailor our communications to you and continuously improve our products and services (including registration), we may also ask you to provide us with information regarding your personal or professional interests, demographics, experience with our products, and contact preferences.
How we use the information
The Stanley Martin Companies uses your information to better understand your needs and provide you with better service. Specifically, we use your information to help you complete a transaction, to communicate back to you, to update you on service and benefits, and to personalize our web site for you.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research or to provide you with marketing information we think would be of particular interest. At a minimum, we will always give you the opportunity to opt out of receiving such direct marketing or market research contact. We will also follow local requirements, such as allowing you to opt in before receiving unsolicited contact, where applicable.
Whom we share the information with
The Stanley Martin Companies will not sell, rent, or lease your personally identifiable information to others. Unless we have your permission or are required by law, we will only share the personal data you provide online with other Stanley Martin Companies entities and/or business partners who are acting on our behalf for the uses described above. Such Stanley Martin Companies entities and/or business partners are governed by our privacy policies with respect to the use of this data and are bound by the appropriate confidentiality agreements.
2. Choice
The Stanley Martin Companies will not use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without first letting you know and offering you a choice. As previously stated, we will also provide you the opportunity to let us know if you do not wish to receive unsolicited direct marketing materials from us and we will do everything we can to honor such requests.
Your permission is secured first, should we ever share your information with third parties that are not acting on our behalf and governed by our privacy policy.
3. Security
The Stanley Martin Companies is committed to ensuring the security of your information. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We use encryption when collecting or transferring sensitive data.
Additional Information
Links to Third Party Web Sites
Links to third party web sites are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave the Stanley Martin Companies site. The Stanley Martin Companies has not reviewed all of these third party sites and does not control and is not responsible for any of these sites, their content or their privacy policies. Thus, the Stanley Martin Companies does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this site, you do this entirely at your own risk.
How The Stanley Martin Companies Uses Cookies
A cookie is a piece of text asking permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. If you agree, then your browser adds the text in a small file. The purpose of a cookie is to help us analyze web traffic or let us know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow a web application to respond to you as an individual. By gathering and remembering information about your preferences, the web application can tailor its operation to your needs, likes and dislikes.
StanleyMartin.com uses temporary cookies as part of the customer web navigation experience, tracking unique IDs for that particular web site session only. This cookie, by itself, only tells us that a previous StanleyMartin.com visitor has returned. If you deny the cookie, you can still use the site anonymously.
Overall, cookies help us give you a better web site to use, by letting us monitor what's working and what isn't through site traffic analysis. The Stanley Martin Companies wants to be sure you understand that accepting a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any personal information about you, other than the data you chose to share with us. This practice is strictly enforced. We know that a lot of people have concerns about cookies, but in talking with many of our customers, we believe that the benefit we both gain from their proper use is worthwhile. We value the relationships we have with our customers, so we respect these concerns. The Stanley Martin Companies works to continuously improve the StanleyMartin.com web experience and personal data privacy policy and practices.
You may set your web browser (Microsoft Internet Explorer or Netscape Navigator) to notify you of cookie placement requests or decline cookies completely. You can delete the files that contains cookies; those files are stored as part of your internet browser.