http://www.SkylarkDVD.com/policies.html
Call us for questions
1 (406) 535-5127
Copyright -
You always retain ownership and copyright of your material, as it should be.
Please make sure you have the right to transfer your media. (We cannot copy commercial, copyrighted material, such as television shows, without permission.)
Payment -
Remember that you are paying us for our time - just as you would hire a tradesman, not just the disc.
Our standard prices are for a standard level of service. But you may require a higher level of service, for which we charge extra: For example, our standard price for an hour transferred
to DVD is $50, but we charge $250 for a memorial DVD that may only be 30 minutes long. Why the difference? Because we put many more hours of work into the memorial.
Longevity -
We do our best to protect and preserve your records - in fact, that is our purpose, and most of the time we can do that without
harming your originals. Sometimes, however, merely playing an original recording can damage it.
How long can I expect my originals to last?
8mm Film - after 30 years the film can become brittle but most are still good after 70 years.
Slides and negatives - depending on the type of film these last 50 to 100 years.
Videotape - after 20 years the magnetic film can delaminate and the magnetic recordings lose detail.
DVDs (DVD-Rs) from a DVD-recorder or DVD camera - We expect these to last at least 50 years unless scratched or left in the sun.
Flash memory - We have some early experience that these will last at least 20 years.
We believe the best current technology for archiving is a Blu-ray disc (BD). BDs have a surface that is more resistent to scratching and cannot be accidentally erased.
Although, flash memory is somewhat more flexible and can be secure if copied onto more than one set of media.
All our transfer techniques aim to preserve all the information and detail of the original.
Returns -
We have had almost no returns in our 20 year history, but if you are not satisfied we will do our best to make it right.
Privacy -
Your privacy is important to us, so we will never send unsolicited e-mail and we won't sell or provide e-mail addresses to
any other company. We think spam destroys the trust and
productivity that Internet users should be able to expect. Our customer information is collected
using encryption so that your personal information remains safe and protected.
Security -
All online transactions on our website are processed with secure encryption
and security software. We will not make your personal information available to any other company.
Confidentiality -
We will always respect your confidentiality.
Any information you send Skylark Technology for scanning, preparation, or transfer to digital form
will remain secure and confidental at all times. We maintain a backup system to avoid any interruption to your work, but we generally don't keep backups for a long time unless
you ask us to. We do not share your data with anyone else, in fact, if you want your data shared with another customer, please
notify us in writing to allow us to do that.
© 2001-2018 Skylark Technology, All Rights Reserved.
For comments send e-mail to
.
Security and Privacy Policy