http://www.alfautomazione.com/en/cookies-policy
Cookies Policy
What are Cookies?
The www.alfamationglobal.com website uses cookies. As clarified by the Italian Data Protection Authority in its December 2012 FAQs, available at http://www.garanteprivacy.it, cookies are “small text files” – made up of letters and numbers – “that are sent to the user’s terminal equipment (usually to the user’s browser) by visited websites to be then re-transmitted to the websites on the user’s subsequent visits to those websites”. Cookies are used to streamline web traffic analysis or to indicate when a specific website or a part of it is visited, to distinguish between visitors so as to provide content customized, and to help administrators improve the website and the user’s browsing experience.
By using cookies we cannot access any other information stored on your device, even if that is where the cookies are downloaded to. Cookies cannot run executable code of any kind, introduce viruses or malware, and cannot harm the user’s device.
Below we have listed all the information about the cookies that are sent by this website, and all the information necessary about how to manage your preferences in this regard.
User’s consent
When a user accesses any page of www.alfamationglobal.com for the first time, the user will see a brief information notice on the use of cookies. If you close that notice, by clicking on a specific button or by clicking outside the banner that contains it and continuing to browse, you consent to our use of cookies, as described in this Cookies Policy.
The website will remember the user’s choice, so the brief information notice will not be shown again during subsequent connections by the same device. However, the user may always revoke the consent previously given, in whole or in part. If you experience technical problems related to the consent, please contact us, using the methods described in this website to let us assist you.
What types of Cookies do we use?
The use of cookies by this website’s owner, Alfamation S.p.A., based in Lissone, Via Cadore 21, is in line with the firm’s Privacy Policy; for all the information required by Art. 13 of the Italian Personal Data Protection Code (http://www.garanteprivacy.it).
In order to allow our website to be used and our services to be provided, we use both the so-called persistent cookies (that is, cookies that remain stored until they are manually deleted by the user or for which a long-term scheduled removal is set up) and the so-called session cookies, which are not stored persistently in the visitor’s computer and disappear when the browser is closed. We use different types of cookies - each with specific functions - that can be classified as follows:
A. First Party Cookies, meaning those issued by www.alfamationglobal.com
Technical/session; Technical/navigation (The user’s consent is not required to issue this type of cookie): They are essential for the proper operation of our website and allow the user to navigate and view the content. Their deactivation would lead to website malfunctions. In general, cookies of this type are required, for example, to keep a navigation session open or to allow the user to access any reserved areas. They can also temporarily store texts entered while filling out a form, when returning to a previous page during the same session. In general, for example, cookies of this type store the language in which the user prefers to view our content or store (for a limited period) the items in the virtual cart if the session closes before the purchase is finalized.
Technical/functional (The user’s consent is not required to issue this type of cookie): They allow the user to take full advantage of the website’s features and browse more easily. The website works best if these cookies are enabled; however, it is possible to decide to not allow their activation on your device.
In general, for example, cookies of this type store the language in which the user prefers to view our content or store (for a limited period) the items in the virtual cart if the session closes before the purchase is finalized.
Technical/consent (The user’s consent is not required to issue this type of cookie): This cookie keeps track of the consent given by the user to use cookies on this website, in order not to repeat - at subsequent visits - the brief information notice on cookies and the request for consent.
B. Third-party Cookies, meaning those issued by sites other than www.alfamationglobal.com
Statistical/analytics (The user’s consent is required to issue this type of cookie): They are used to collect information on how the user browses our website. This information is analysed in aggregate form solely for statistical purposes.
They are not necessary, but they are very helpful for us since they help us improve our content and our services based on the information we can derive from analysing the statistics.
Third-party Cookies
When you browse this website you will receive cookies both from www.alfamationglobal.com and cookies from third-party websites, which may set cookies on your device on our behalf in order to deliver the services they provide.
Third-party cookies allow us to obtain more complete surveys of user browsing habits. We use these cookies, for example, to compile statistics on the use of our website and to assess your interest in specific content or services. More detailed information on these cookies is available in this document and on the respective websites of the third parties in question.
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=it
https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage
Statistical Cookies (of third parties)
www.alfamationglobal.com uses Google Analytics, a web traffic analysis service provided by Google, Inc., which uses cookies to collect and analyze information on user navigation in aggregate form. Neither Alfamation S.p.A nor Google associate your IP address with other data held by them to identify you directly.
The information gathered is processed by the Google Analytics systems to produce reports for the administrators of www.alfamationglobal.com, who use them to check the proper operation of the services and, where applicable, the popularity of the contents offered.
If you wish to disable the statistical cookies, thus preventing Google Analytics from collecting data on your browsing, you can download the special component to deactivate Google Analytics here:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=it
https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage
How to configure your device
If you do not agree with the installation of cookies, you must configure your browser to disable the acceptance of cookies or not use this website. However, the website or some of its functions may not operate correctly if cookies are disabled.
To change the way the cookies are used, block their reception or delete cookies found on your device, simply access your own browser’s settings.
Most browsers provide the option of accepting or rejecting all cookies or of accepting only some (for example, from specific websites).
Although the steps are similar, the method for configuring cookies varies for each browser. For details on the procedure to be followed, users can visit http://www.aboutcookies.org or consult the ‘Help’ section on their browser.
For more information on cookies and to manage your preferences for third-party cookies please visit:
www.youronlinechoices.com.
Firefox: http://mzl.la/1BAQFQq
Internet Explorer: http://windows.microsoft.com/it-it/internet-explorer/delete-manage-cookies#ie=ie-11
Google Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=it
Safari (OS X): https://support.apple.com/kb/PH19214?locale=it_IT
Safari (iOS): https://support.apple.com/it-it/HT201265
You are here:
homeCookies Policy