http://www.silicon-wafers.com/privacy
Privacy Statement
Effective Date: Sep 11, 2018
Pure Wafer Inc. (“Pure Wafer,” “us,” or “we”) values your privacy.
This Privacy Statement (or “Statement”) describes our privacy practices as they relate to the information we collect from and about you on www.purewafer.com (our “Website”) and from other sources as explained below.
By choosing to interact with our Website in any way, you agree to the privacy practices set forth in this Statement.
As such, we encourage you to read our Statement carefully and should you have any questions or concerns, contact us at privacy@purewafer.com or at the address listed below before proceeding to use our Website.
We may update this Privacy Statement from time to time by posting a revised Statement on our Website that reflects a new “Effective Date.” You are encouraged to stay informed of our privacy practices by frequently visiting this area of our Website.
Your continued use of our Website after we make any changes means that you consent to those changes.
Please note that our Website may include links to other websites that we do not operate or maintain, and whose privacy practices may differ from ours.
This Statement applies only to Pure Wafer’s processing activities and does not apply to any processing activities associated with any other websites.
1. Information We Collect
The types of information we collect include:
contact information, such as your name, email address, phone number, and company name,
payment information, such as your credit card number,
information you choose to provide to us on our Website, by phone or through email, such as questions, comments or reviews about our products or services,
product and service preference, purchase, use, and customer service history,
data gathered automatically by technology when you visit our site, and
if you apply for a job with us, your resume, cover letter, social media profiles (e.g., LinkedIn), and any other information that you submit as part of your application.
When you click “Buy Online” on our Website, you are redirected to our online store, which Oracle NetSuite (“Oracle”) hosts on our behalf.
Once there, you may be asked to register an account with us and to enter your contact, payment and other information in order to complete the purchase of one of our products or services.
When you visit our website, open an email that we send you, or interact with us on social media platforms, we may also automatically collect information about you by automated means.
In some instances, we may also allow third party advertisers and service providers to collect information about you through automated means.
Some of the technologies behind this automated collection include:
Cookies: Cookies are small text files that websites send to your computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings in your browser. Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies and how to restrict or disable certain cookies. Some cookies may exist for only a single session and some are persistent for multiple sessions over time.
We may use cookies that are managed by Pure Wafer or by third parties (such as social media website cookies) for the purposes explained in this Privacy Statement, including for session management, authentication, user preference storage, Website performance and personalization, Website analytics, advertising, content management, sales, search, security, and social media integration.
Web server logs: In conjunction with obtaining information through cookies, our web servers may log your IP address and related details regarding your device, operating system, or information about your Website usage, such as when you accessed our Website and the pages you visited.
Web beacons, pixels, and analytics software: To control which web servers collect the information described above, we may place tags on our Website or in our emails called “web beacons” or “pixels.” These are computer instructions that link web pages to particular web servers and their cookies and help us to better understand our Website traffic.
Web beacons and pixels can be used to track the pages you view, links that you click, or other online behavior.
These tools may also be used to increase and measure the effectiveness of our online and email marketing campaigns (such as by identifying the individuals who open or act upon an email message), allowing us to target individuals who may be most interested in our advertising.
These tools also help us to understand when an email message is opened, how many times it is forwarded, and whether any hyperlink within it is clicked, as well as the type of software, device, operating system and browser used to deliver an email to us.
Such tools are also used in connection with online advertisements on our Website and on third party websites to collect the same types of information with respect to individuals who click on advertisements.
Other: We may use other technology to collect information for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement.
Such technologies may permit collection of data elements such as demographic data, browser type, MAC address and other unique device information, operating system type and settings, domain, the address of the web page that linked you to our Website, IP address, pages visited, whether you have visited us before or are new to our Website, activities conducted on a particular webpage (such as search queries), and the day and time of your visit.
If you access our website from a mobile device, we may collect your precise location using GPS, cell tower, Bluetooth, or WiFi signals.
This information may be correlated to other data that identifies you specifically.
While most web browsers offer settings that will allow you to disable or delete cookies, if you do so, you may not be able to use our Website fully.
If you make this change after you have visited our website, you may also have to manually delete existing cookies from your computer or other device.
Our Website may also contain embedded plugs-ins, widgets, pixels, or other programming associated with various external social media platforms (e.g., LinkedIn, Facebook, Google+, and Twitter).
When you encounter those embedded objects, your web browser may establish a direct connection to the social media platform’s services and in doing so, share information such as your behavior while browsing our Website, your public profile, and content you may have posted publicly.
This Policy does not apply to the privacy practices of external social media platforms.
California Do Not Track Disclosures
At this time, our Website does not respond to Do Not Track beacons sent by browser plugins as there is not yet a common agreement about how to interpret Do Not Track signals from browsers.
2. How We Use Your Information
We collect your information primarily to carry out, market and improve our business, and to respond to and fulfill your product and service orders, inquiries and other needs.
We also collect your information so that we can:
provide our products or services to you, process your orders or service requests, and communicate with you on related issues such as customer service, product and service fulfillment, and refunds and exchanges,
customize your purchasing and service experience with us, including by way of providing you with a more personalized and customized marketing and promotional experience that better informs you about our current and future products and services, as well as our upcoming events, publications and newsletters,
send you administrative notices to inform you about important changes in our contractual relationship,
diagnose, repair and track product, service and quality issues,
statistically analyze your use of our website, improve our product and service offerings, and enhance the content and layout of the product and services we offer through our Website,
install and configure changes and updates to our products and services,
resolve disputes and enforce our agreements with you, including your purchase orders for our products and services, and
consider your employment application if you apply for a job with us.
We may also use and share your information in an anonymized or aggregate format for many purposes, such as market research, data analytics and modeling, improvement of our Website, and marketing purposes.
3. With Whom We Share Your Information
We may share your information with our corporate affiliates for the purposes described above. We may also share your information with others:
to carry out a business function for us, such as shipping, payment processing, information technology, marketing, auditing, legal, and professional advisory or consulting services,
to enforce our licensing and service agreements,
to protect and defend our rights, for example, where a dispute arises in relation to a product or service we provide to you,
in connection with or during the negotiation of a merger, financing, acquisition, or dissolution transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets, including situations of insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership, and
where we believe in good faith that sharing is necessary to conform to legal requirements or to comply with legal process, such as in response to a search warrant, subpoena, or court order.
We do not share your personal information with third parties for the third parties own direct marketing purposes.
Our website may also include features (e.g. plugins) that allow you to interact directly with external social media platforms.
We may disclose your information to the operator of any social media provider with which you interact.
4. Security
We take reasonable steps to protect your information from unauthorized use, disclosure, alteration and destruction, although no method of transmission over the Internet is entirely secure and we cannot guarantee that your information will not be accessed by others.
5. Retention of Your Information
We will retain your information as reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it is collected under this Statement, or for other business purposes.
6. Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect or request information from any person under the age of thirteen (13).
If you are under the age of thirteen (13), you are not permitted to use our Website and should not submit any information to us.
If you believe that a person under the age of thirteen (13) has provided us with his or her personal information, please let us know by contacting us at privacy@purewafer.com or at the Contact Information below and we will take all reasonable steps to delete their information immediately or as required by applicable law.
7. Your Choices
If you do not wish to receive information regarding our products, services, offers and upcoming events, please click on the “Unsubscribe” link that we include in each of the emails and electronic newsletters that we send to you, or contact us at privacy@purewafer.com or the address listed below, and we will remove your name from our mailing lists.
8. Contact Us
Questions or concerns about how Pure Wafer collects, uses and shares your information should be directed to:
By email:
privacy@purewafer.com
By mail:
Pure Wafer Inc.
2240 Ringwood Avenue
San Jose, CA 95131 U.S.A.