http://www.ajallan.com/index.php/privacy
Friday, 11 December 2020
Privacy Notice
HomeVarietiesNewsContactHarvesting 2016Harvesting 2015Harvesting 2014Harvesting 2013Planting 2013Harvesting 2012Planting 2012Galleries
Job Vacancies
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Who We Are
A.J. Allan (Brechin) Ltd gather and process your personal information in accordance with this privacy notice and in compliance with the relevant data protection regulations and laws. This notice provides you with the necessary information regarding your rights and obligations, and explains how, why and when we collect and process your personal data.
A.J. Allan (Brechin) Ltd registered office is at East Mill Road, Brechin, Angus, DD9 7HJ, Scotland.
Our designated Data Protection Officer/Compliance Officer for the organisation may be contacted at Donegal Investment Group plc, Ballyraine, Letterkenny, Co Donegal
- Email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
.
Information That We Collect
A.J. Allan (Brechin) Ltd processes your personal information
To meet our legal, statutory and contractual obligations
provide you with our products and services
purchase your service and product.
We will never collect any unnecessary personal data from you and do not process your information in any way, other than already specified in this notice.
The personal data that we collect from you is: -
Name
Job Title
Home Address
Email
Telephone Number
We collect information in the below ways: -
Phone
Email
Written
Text
How We Use Your Personal Data (Legal Basis for Processing)
A.J. Allan (Brechin) Ltd takes your privacy very seriously and will never disclose, share or sell your data without your consent, unless required to do so by law. We only retain your data for as long as is necessary and for the purposes specified in this notice. Where you have consented to us, you are free to withdraw consent at any time.
The purposes and reasons for processing your personal data are detailed below: -
We collect and store your personal data in the performance of a contract to provide a product or to provide a service
We collect and store your personal data in the performance of a contract to avail of a service or product
We collect and store your personal data as part of our legal obligation for business accounting and tax purposes
Your Rights
You have the right to access any personal information that A.J. Allan (Brechin) Ltd processes about you and to request information about: -
What personal data we hold about you
The purposes of the processing
The categories of personal data concerned
The recipients to whom the personal data has/will be disclosed
How long we intend to store your personal data for
If we did not collect the data directly from you, information about the source
If you believe that we hold any incomplete or inaccurate data about you, you have the right to ask us to correct and/or complete the information and we will strive to update/correct it as quickly as possible; unless there is a valid reason for not doing so, at which point you will be notified.
You also have the right to request erasure of your personal data or to restrict processing in accordance with data protection laws, as well as to object to any direct marketing from us and to be informed about any automated decision-making that we use.
If we receive a request from you to exercise any of the above rights, we may ask you to verify your identity before acting on the relevant request; this is to ensure that your data is protected and kept secure.
Sharing and Disclosing Your Personal Information
We do not share or disclose any of your personal information without your consent, other than for the purposes specified in this notice or where there is a legal requirement. A.J. Allan (Brechin) Ltd uses [a third-party/third-parties] to provide the below services and business functions, however all processors acting on our behalf only process your data in accordance with instructions from us and comply fully with this privacy notice, the data protection laws and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. We share your personal data with the following categories:
Accountancy/Auditors/Revenue
For tax purposes, we share your personal data with our auditors/Revenue. This includes sharing invoices with your details for the purpose of completing our end of year accounts. Our auditors are located in Ireland
Insurance
For insurance and legal purposes, we can share your personal data with our insurance companies when required to do so. This includes supplying personal data under the requirements of our contract with the insurance company or in relation to a claim that we make or receive. Our insurance company is located in Ireland
Legal/Debt Collector Agencies
For Legal purposes, we can share your personal data with our Solicitors when required to do so.
Hauliers/Couriers
For Delivery purposes, we can share your personal data with our Hauliers when required to do so.
Safeguarding Measures
A.J. Allan (Brechin) Ltd takes your privacy seriously and we take every reasonable measure and precaution to protect and secure your personal data. We work hard to protect you and your information from unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction and have several layers of security measures in place, including: -
SSL email transfer,
Encryption of phones and Laptops,
Backup and Disaster Recovery,
Security Training of staff,
PC/ Folder restriction,
Authentication,
Firewalls and VPN’s,
Secure Shredding.
Consequences of Not Providing Your Data
You are not obligated to provide your personal information to A.J. Allan (Brechin) Ltd, however, as this information is required in the performance of a contract with customers and vendors, we may not be able to trade without it.
How Long We Keep Your Data
A.J. Allan (Brechin) Ltd retains your personal data for as long as necessary to provide you with our services as our client. A.J. Allan (Brechin) Ltd are required under tax laws to keep your personal data for 6 years, Accounting records for a period of 6 years after the end of the financial year and insurance records for 6 years.
Lodging A Complaint
A.J. Allan (Brechin) Ltd only processes your personal information in compliance with this privacy notice and in accordance with the relevant data protection laws. If, however you wish to raise a complaint regarding the processing of your personal data or are unsatisfied with how we have handled your information, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.
You may contact us at
Donegal Investment Group plc, Data Protection Officer, Ballyraine, Letterkenny, Co Donegal
0749121766
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
You may contact the Irish Data Protection Commission at
The Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), Water Lane, Wycliffe House, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF
+44 (0) 1625 545 700
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Changes to our privacy notice
A.J. Allan (Brechin) Ltd may change this notice from time to time. All changes will be posted and updated here. We will notify you directly by email (if we hold one for you) if any significant changes occur. We advise you to check back here frequently to review the most current version of this notice.
This Statement was last updated on 23/05/2018
website by IT-AtWork (Scotland) Ltd