http://www.amyskitchen.com/privacy-policy
Our Privacy and Cookie Policy
Effective January 1, 2020
Amy’s Kitchen, Inc. (“Amy’s”) values your privacy. We’ve worked hard to build your trust, and we’re committed to keeping it that way. This Privacy and Cookie Policy (“Policy”) explains how Amy’s will use any information we may collect from you when you visit Amys.com (the “Website”). This Policy applies only to information collected by our website and not to outside websites that you might visit by following links from our pages. We encourage you to review each third-party website’s privacy policies before disclosing any information to that site.
Amy’s collects information from you on its websites in two ways: 1) Personal Information provided by you on the websites, and 2) through the use of computer cookies and other tracking technologies.  For purposes of this Policy, “Personal Information” means any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, by reference to an identifier, such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
1. What information does Amy's collect?
a. Information that you provide us directly
The information we collect from you on the Website may include:
Contact Us: If you wish to send us a message on our “Contact Us” page, we will request certain information from you, such as first name, last name, email address and location.
Where to Buy: If you wish to locate a retailer that sells Amy’s products near you, you may provide your location information, such as city, state or zip, or you may use our “Find my Location” service, which uses your device’s geolocation data and/or IP address.
Newsletter Sign-up: Amy’s has an electronic newsletter and may launch other electronic communications in the future. Newsletter recipients may, from time to time, receive coupons for discounts on Amy’s products. In order to receive these communications, we will request certain information from you, such as name and email address. You may choose not to receive marketing emails by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in any of the emails we send. Even if you unsubscribe, we may send you non-marketing email in response to consumer inquiries.
Send Us a Love Letter: If you wish to send us a message about an Amy’s product or Amy’s in general, we will request certain information from you, such as first name, last name, email address and your message. There is also the ability to upload an image to send with your message, which is optional. You have the option to select “Yes” to use of your comments on the Website or other Marketing collateral.
Promotions and Surveys:  From time to time, we may offer you the opportunity to participate in a promotion, contest, sweepstakes, giveaway, survey or similar opportunity on our site.  If you choose to participate, we will request certain Personal Information from you, such as contact and demographic information.
Careers at Amy’s: If you wish to apply for a position at Amy’s through the Website, we will request certain information from you, including first name, last name, email address and phone number, to create an account through our talent acquisition vendor, UltiPro. UltiPro is committed to protecting Personal Information from security threats. See the UltiPro Data Security Statement.
All of the information you provide to us in connection with the above features of the Website is voluntary on your part. You do not need to send us any information to use our website. However, if you elect to participate in any of the above programs, you will need to provide us with the applicable information.  As detailed below, we will not use the information you provide for any other purposes or allow third parties to use such information for their own use, except to provide services you requested on our website or as required by law.
b. Other ways we collection information from you
When you visit the Website, we also collect certain information about your usage or device by automated means or by using technologies, such as cookies, Web beacons or other tracking technology.
Cookies are small text files that are stored locally on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. The information that may be collected, through automated means, including cookies, includes:
Recording and remembering your consent to cookies and other tracking technology
IP addresses and other details of devices you use to connect with Amy’s
Details about your interaction with the Website, social media platforms or other connected services
Operating, evaluating and improving our business, our websites, and other products and services we offer
Geolocation data
Preferred language
You can view the specific cookies used on the Website and adjust your cookie settings at any time here: Cookie settings. Note that your selected cookie settings apply to this website only.
Web beacons/clear gifs, which are small electronic files that allow us to anonymously track the online usage patterns of our users and to track when and which emails we send you are opened.
Analytics tools, which collect information sent by your browser that let us know which pages you visit on our website. You may opt out of this tracking here: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/. We do not link non-Personal Information with Personal Information. We use this non-Personal Information in an aggregate way to monitor usage and improve our website. These tools do not contain any personally identifiable information, such as your name or email address.
Heat mapping and recordings (Hotjar Ltd.) services are used to display the areas of a page where users most frequently move the mouse or click. This shows where the points of interest are. These services make it possible to monitor and analyze Web traffic and keep track of user behavior.  Hotjar uses cookies (including those set forth above) and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices.  In particular, Hotjar may capture a device's IP address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only) and preferred language (used to display our website). Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user.
For more information on Hotjar, how it collects data, what data it collects and how to opt out of it collecting your information, please read Hotjar's own privacy policy.  You can opt-out to the creation of a user profile, Hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our site and Hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this opt-out link.
2. How we use your information
Amy’s uses the information you provide to monitor, improve, and develop new products and services and to improve your experience on the Website, social media and other platforms.  Examples include:
Monitor and improve website performance
Customize content we deliver to you on the Website and through our newsletter
Provide you with information or services you request
Respond to your requests, questions and comments
Offer and administer promotions, sweepstakes and contests
Conduct research of site visitors for use in our business and product planning and improvements
Generate anonymized data for further data analytics
Accept and evaluate job applications submitted through our recruiting portal
Improve our overall service to you
Comply with legal requirements, industry standards and our policies
Amy’s will at no time use your Personal Information for any other purposes or allow third parties to use your Personal Information for their own use, except to provide services you requested on our website or as required by law. We DO NOT link aggregate user data with personally identifiable information. We DO NOT sell your personally identifiable information.
3. How we share your information
We may share Personal Information with trusted parties, such as service providers who assist us in our business and who are only permitted to use your information in ways we have authorized or to comply with legal requirements. These trusted parties include:
Our subsidiaries and affiliates;
Trusted business partners, such as companies we partner with for joint projects or promotions, and service providers, to perform a business, professional or technical support function for us;
When reasonably requested or required by law enforcement authorities or other government officials;
When required by law or in response to legal process;
When we believe disclosure is appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss;
When reasonably necessary to an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity; and in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets;
As necessary, if we believe that there has been a violation of the Website’s Terms of Use or of our rights or the rights of any third party; and
We may also disclose your Personal Information with your express consent.
4. How we protect your information
We take precautions to protect your Personal Information once we have it. We have measures designed to secure your Personal Information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure.  Any information submitted to Amy’s is encrypted.  All Personal Information you provide us is stored on secure servers behind firewalls.
5. California “Do Not Track” Notice
Some browsers offer a “Do Not Track” feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. We do not respond to these “Do Not Track” signals. We do not track your Personal Information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites. We also do not authorize third parties to collect any Personal Information from you on the websites for these purposes.
6. Links to Other Websites
This website contains links to other sites, such as Facebook, Twitter and other third parties, that are not owned or controlled by Amy’s Kitchen. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.  We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy policies of such other sites so that you understand what Personal Information is being collected from you and how it will be used.
Our Website may also have “plugins” (such as the Facebook “Like” button) to third-party sites or offer login features (such as login with Facebook) through a third-party account. Third-party plugins and login features, including their loading, operation and use, are governed by the privacy policies and terms of the third parties providing them.
7. Children
Our website is not intended for use by children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly solicit or collect Personal Information from children under 13. In the event we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a child under 13 years old without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe we might have information from or about a child under 13, please contact the contact person identified below.
8. CCPA Data Subjects Rights
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) provides privacy rights to California residents with respect to Personal Information. Those rights include, with certain qualifications:
the right to access (including disclosure of the categories of Personal Information collected, categories of sources from which Personal Information is collected, the business purpose, the categories of third parties with which the business shares Personal Information and the specific pieces of Personal Information processed);
the right to opt out of the sale of their Personal Information to third parties (note that Amy’s does not sell Personal Information to third parties);
the right to request deletion; and
the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by Amy’s for exercising any of the privacy rights mentioned in this Policy.
If you wish to exercise any of these data subject rights or have questions regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us (see the Contact Us section below) or visit our Data Subject Access Request portal here. In the event we need additional information to verify your request, we will contact you at the phone number you provide or by email.
You may designate an authorized agent to make a request pursuant to this policy on your behalf in accordance with the CCPA. We may require that you provide the authorized agent with written permission to act on your behalf and that the authorized agent verify their identity directly with us.
9. Changes to this Policy
We may need to change this Policy from time to time. When we do, we will post a notice on our webpage. Your continued use of this website, after the effective date of the change notice, will mean you accept any such changes. To ensure you are reviewing the most current version of this Policy, we will post the effective date at the top of the page.
10. Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Policy, please contact 1-800-643-0570 or email us at privacy@amys.com.
Latest news
#GratitudeInTheKitchen
Read more
5 Holiday Hacks for Busy Parents
Read more
What I Learned My First Year of College
Read more
Hey there!
It looks like you're outside the United States?
Continue browsing amys.com
Or select your location
Select your location
Australia
Canada
Germany
France
Finland
Denmark
Norway
Sweden
India
UK