https://www.usabuttons.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
USA Buttons, Inc. Online Privacy PolicyUSA Buttons2017-07-05T10:56:12-05:00
Personal Information
U.S.A. Buttons, Inc. is committed to respecting your privacy. In general, you can visit usabuttons.com without revealing any information about yourself. There are times, however, when we may request information from you, such as your, name, address and e-mail address. When additional information is requested, we will try to let you know at the time of collection how we intend to use the personal information you provide, such as respond to your inquiry, participate in certain promotions, conduct a survey or allow you to access specific information. We respect your right to choose whether to give us personal information or “opt out” if you do not wish to disclose personal information. We do our best to maintain the accuracy of any personal information you do supply to us.
Any information provided by you will be used for U.S.A. Buttons’ purposes only. Your information will not be shared with individual or other companies [such as direct mail organizations or other third parties] unless required by law. However, U.S.A. Buttons may need to provide your name and delivery address to third parties that U.S.A. Buttons uses for delivering specific services to you (such as support services or shipping purposes when you ask us to send something to you).
Our Web sites may provide links to third party sites. Since we do not control those Web sites, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third party sites.
Security and Quality
U.S.A. Buttons is committed to taking reasonable steps to protect the individual identifying information that you provide. You can help U.S.A. Buttons update and maintain the accuracy of any personal information you supply by notifying U.S.A. Buttons of any changes to your address, title, phone number or e-mail address.
Cookies
Please visit the following link which describes how we use cookies.
About our website
Oversight or Questions
U.S.A. Buttons welcomes comments and questions on this policy. As stated above, we are dedicated to protecting your privacy and will make every reasonable effort to keep your information secure. Due to the rapidly evolving changes on the Internet, we may update this policy. All revisions will be posted to this site. Questions regarding our policy should be directed to privacy@usabuttons.com.
Ways You Can Use Buttons
What’s New
FAQ
ProductsThe SNAP EZ™ System
Button Machines
Cutters
Button Components
Ribbon and Awards Industry
Accessories For Button Making
Button SizesRound 1 Inch
Round 1 1/4 Inch
Badge-a-minit Size 1 1/4 Inch
Round 1 1/2 Inch
Round 1 3/4 Inch
Buttons: 2 Inch Award
Round 2 1/4 Inch
Badge-a-minit Size 2 1/4 Inch (2 3/8)
Round 2 1/2 Inch
Round 3 Inch
Badge-a-minit Size 3 Inch
Round 3 1/2 Inch
Round 4 Inch
Round 6 Inch
Square 1 1/2 Inch
Square 2 Inch
Square 2 1/2 Inch
Rectangular 2 X 3 Inch
Rectangular 2 1/2 X 3 1/2 Inch
Oval 1 3/4 X 2 3/4
Oblong 1 3/4 X 2 3/4 Inch
Go to Top