https://www.fauske.com/privacy-policy
Contact Us
+1-877-FAUSKE1
STORE
Log In
My Wishlist
My Cart
Testing
Nuclear Testing
Chemical & Industrial Testing
Combustible Dust Hazards Testing
Dust Hazards Analysis – Canada
Gas & Vapor Flammability Testing
Dynamic Mechanical Analysis
Engineering & Consulting
Chemical & Industrial
Chemical Reaction Hazards
DIERs Emergency Relief System
Combustible Dust Hazards Analysis (DHA)
Failure Analysis
On-Site Process Safety and Risk Management
Reaction Calorimetry
Thermal Stability
UN-DOT Testing
Maintenance Optimization Modeling
Adiabatic Calorimetry
Nuclear
Acoustic Analysis - Flow Induced Vibration
Capabilities
Cable Flame Testing (Flame Hut) Facility
Cable Health Aging
Cable Testing
Chemical and Radioactive Waste Safety
Commercial Grade Dedication / Reverse Engineering and Obsolescence
Custom Engineering & Testing
Debris Intrusion
Electromagnetic Radiation (EMC)
Equipment Qualification (EQ) Testing
Fire Modeling & Cable Selection/Circuit Analysis
Fukushima - Related Engineering
Gas / Air Intrusion Accumulation
MAAP
Plant Analysis
Probabalistic Risk Assessment (PRA)
RELAP Transient Analysis
Reactor Auxiliary Building Analysis
Seismic Walkdowns
Severe Accident Management
Spent Fuel Processing Engineering
Structural Engineering
Thermal Hydraulics
Verification and Validation
Waste Management & D&D Process Engineering
Waterhammer
Combustible Dust Hazards Analysis
Dust Hazards Analysis – Canada
Mechanical & Electrical
Fire Protection
Training
Products
Industries
About Us
Resources
Resources
Blog
Process Safety News
PRIVACY STATEMENT
General
The Fauske & Associates, LLC. website is designed to provide visitors with information regarding the company's businesses, products and services. This information regarding the company may be available to visitors in a number of different formats.
Privacy Statement
Fauske & Associates, LLC. respects and protects the privacy of visitors to the Fauske & Associates, LLC. website. Visitor-specific information of a personal nature is normally not collected. However, the website provides contact information and e-mail addresses throughout the site to permit visitor communication. When a visitor communicates with the Fauske & Associates, LLC website via e-mail,  a record of the visitor's e-mail address and name (if provided) will be maintained. Information provided by visitors when completing any online forms will also be maintained.
All visitor-specific information that is collected will be maintained in the records of Fauske & Associates, LLC. in either hard copy or electronic form. Fauske & Associates, LLC. will not, under normal circumstances, provide any visitor-specific information of a personal nature to any third party. We acknowledge that you have the right to access your personal information. Visitors may request a modification or deletion of their personal information by regular mail or e-mail request, and Fauske & Associates, LLC. will use reasonable efforts to comply with such requests.Notwithstanding the foregoing, Fauske & Associates, LLC. will treat any information supplied by visitors to the website as nonproprietary or nonconfidential. Fauske & Associates, LLC. also assumes that all information is provided with the permission of the actual owner of the information.This website may provide links to third party websites not controlled by Fauske & Associates, LLC. It is recommended that visitors check the specific privacy statements of any linked sites before providing any information of a personal nature to such sites.
Personal data we collect automatically:
As you use the website, Fauske & Associates, LLC will collect technical data including your browser type, the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet, and your usage habits. Fauske & Associates, LLC collects this data using cookies.
ID/Password Protection
Most of this website is freely accessible. However, some sections of the website may require the use of an ID and password. Sections set up for ID and password access normally disclose information of interest to visitors participating in specific, identified programs established by Fauske & Associates, LLC..
Contacting Westinghouse
Mail-in questions regarding any of the information provided on this website or this Privacy Statement should be sent to:Fauske & Associates, LLC.
Headquarters16W070 83rd St
Burr Ridge, IL 60527
Privacy Statement Revisions
A revised privacy statement will only apply to information collected subsequent to its effective date on this version of the website. Revisions may be posted at any time without notice. New versions of this website may have a new privacy statement effective with its launch.
Fauske & Associates LLC (FAI) is an innovative world leader in nuclear, industrial and chemical process safety.  Founded in 1980 by Dr. Hans Fauske, Dr. Michael Grolmes, and Dr. Robert Henry, FAI became a wholly owned subsidiary of Westinghouse Electric Company LLC in 1986.
LINKS
Chemical & Industrial
Nuclear Testing
Chemical Testing
Mechanical & Electrical
About Us
Store
Resources
Blog
Privacy Policy
NEWSFEED
CONTACT US
COPYRIGHT 2020 FAUSKE & ASSOCIATES, LLC