http://www.amnhealthcare.com/privacy-policy/
AMN Healthcare Privacy PolicyEffective Date July 2000 (last updated December 2020)
About This Policy  This policy provides notice of our online and offline information collection and use practices. It applies to information that we collect from you when you interact with us. This includes if you are a job applicant or employee. It also includes other users of our websites and apps. It does not include information we collect when we are collecting information as part of services we provide to others. You can print a copy of this policy by clicking here.Categories of Information We Collect We have collected one or more data types in the following categories of personal information from consumers within the twelve (12) months preceding the last update of this policy:-       Identifiers such as name, phone number, postal address, telephone number, fax number, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport ID, date of birth, and employee ID.-       Other identifying information such as name, Social Security number, address, telephone number, driver’s license, education, employment, employment history, bank account information, payment-card information, medical information, and health insurance information.-       Characteristics of protected classifications such as age, gender, marital status, ethnic information, veteran status, disability status, or citizenship information.-       Internet or other electronic network activity information such as browsing history, browser name, domain type, operating system information, IP addresses, access times, or device identifiers.-       Biometric information such as voice recordings.-       Professional or employment-related information such as education and employment history, credentials, background-check results, drug-screening results, sanctions history, work authorizations or work visa information, work restrictions or accommodations, or emergency or beneficiary contact information.-       Geolocation data, which may include precise location information of website visitors and app users. -       Non-public education information. -       Inferences drawn from any of the information above to create a profile.   Business Purposes for Information Use                   We may use the categories of information for the business and commercial purposes outlined below:To communicate with you. We may use information to respond to your questions, to communicate about this policy or our terms, or to communicate with you regarding any other purpose described in this policy.To perform our services. We may use information to send job listings or contact you about a placement opportunity, or to identify new candidates or clients.  For employment purposes. We may use your information for recruitment and hiring, to staff open positions at our company or with clients, to provide payroll and administer benefits, for travel arrangements and performance management, for record-keeping, for safety purposes, to meet legal and compliance obligations, or for other internal purposes.For marketing. We may use contact, demographic and site usage information to communicate about our services and to provide information about AMN Healthcare and its affiliates and subsidiaries. This may be by email, phone, or text. It may also be on social media platforms. We also use this information to provide information about AMN Healthcare, our brands, affiliates, or other companies in which we believe you may be interested. The information we send includes briefings and newsletters. It also includes seminar information or whitepapers. We also send surveys.  We send these materials as permitted by law.To improve our services. We may use your information to make our website and services better, and to keep our records updated. To protect our company and constituents. We may also use your information to identify fraud, secure our systems, or for other purposes as permitted by law, including to prosecute or defend legal claims.For other purposes allowed by law. Such as:-       Auditing.-       Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity.-       Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.-       Short-term, transient use, where the Personal Information is not disclosed to another third party and is not used to build a profile about an individual.-       Performing services on behalf of other entities. -       Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.-       Undertaking activities to improve, upgrade, enhance, or verify or maintain the quality or safety of our services or equipment.How We Collect Information We collect information from the following sources:We collect information directly from you. We collect contact and demographic information directly from you. This includes on our websites. We collect employment and payment information from you, including online and in paper forms.  We collect information about you from third parties.  We collect contact and employment information from service providers and third parties. This includes from clients and from technology and staffing partners. It also includes social media partners. We also collect contact information and employment information from public records providers. We obtain demographic and site usage information from analytics firms.We collect information passively. We collect site usage and demographic information passively using tools like browser cookies and pixels. We collect site and location information about users over time when you use this website. We may have third parties collect personal information this way on our behalf. We may also use tracking tools to pull contact and demographic information from online sources.We Combine Information  We combine information we collect from you on the website with information we receive from you offline. We also combine information you provide with information we obtain from third parties.How Long We Keep Your Information  In general, we keep your information for as long as we need it to carry out the purposes described above, and as necessary to comply with our records-management policies. We also keep your information as necessary to comply with other legal obligations we might have, such as in connection with litigation. When We Share Information We share information in the following ways:We share information within the AMN family of companies. This includes current affiliates and related entities. For a current list of the AMN companies please visit here. We will also share information with future AMN brands or affiliates. We share the following categories of information within the AMN family of companies: identifiers; other identifying information; characteristics of protected classifications; professional or employment-related information; and non-public education information.We share information with vendors and service providers who perform services on our behalf. This includes benefits and payroll providers, payment-processing providers, and providers who help us deliver marketing and other communications. We share the following categories of information with vendors who help perform services on our behalf: identifiers; other identifying information, including financial and payment-card information; characteristics of protected classifications; internet or network activity information; biometric information (voice recordings if the user undergoes video or telephonic interviewing); geolocation data; professional or employment-related information; non-public education information; and inferences to create a profile.We share information with our clients and business partners. We share the following categories of information with our clients and business partners: identifiers; other identifying information; biometric information (voice recordings if the user undergoes video or telephonic interviewing); professional or employment-related information; and non-public education information.We will share information if we think we have to in order to comply with the law or to protect ourselves. We share information we collect about you to respond to a court order or subpoena. We share information in response to a government agency or investigatory body requests. We share information we collect when we are investigating potential fraud.We will share information with any successor to all or part of our business. If all or part of our business is sold, we will share information as a part of that transaction. If there is a merger or acquisition, we may also share your information. If there is a financing or bankruptcy, we may share your information.We share information as permitted by law and for other reasons we may describe to you. We do not share your personal information with any third-party vendor or website owner for their own marketing purposes.You Have Certain Choices You can change your preferences. You may review and change any personal information in your account profile and, where applicable, personal account preferences, stored in our system if you believe it may be out of date or incorrect. And where you have provided your consent for us to use your information, you may request to withdraw that consent for future uses of your information. You may also contact us at the address provided in the Contact Us section below.You can opt out of receiving our emails. You can change your mind if you signed up to receive our email newsletter or other marketing emails. To unsubscribe, click the link located at the bottom of our marketing emails. Please be aware that if you opt out of receiving commercial messages from us, it may take up to 10 business days for us to process your opt-out request, and you may receive commercial messages from us during that period. If you opt out of receiving marketing messages, you will still get non-marketing messages. You can control cookies and tracking tools. To learn how to manage how we and our vendors use cookies and other tracking tools, and to read our Do Not Track policy, please click here.California Privacy Rights If you reside in California and you are not a job applicant, contractor, employee, or contractor or employee of another company interacting with us in your job role, you have the right to request what information we collect, use, and disclose, including the specific pieces of information we have collected about you. You also have the right to request that we delete your information. To make a request, you can contact us at 866-874-1969 or fill out the form here. We will verify your request by matching the following information you provide to us with information we have about you:-       Contact information (such as name, email, phone number, and address) -       An indication of what AMN brands you have previously interacted with If we are unable to verify your identity with the information you provide, we may deny your request or request additional information. Any additional information we collect during this process will be used only for purposes of verification and not for any other purpose.If you wish to submit a request through an authorized agent, we require the following before we can process the request: -       A copy of your signed permission authorizing the agent to make the request; -       That you verify your identity directly with us; or -       Direct confirmation from you that you provided the agent permission to submit the request. If your authorized agent has a valid power of attorney under California Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465, we may request proof of the power of attorney instead of the foregoing. We may deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof you authorized them to act on your behalf. We will not do any of the following because you have exercised any of your privacy rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act:-       Deny you goods or services.  -       Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.  -       Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.  -       Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. No Sale of Personal Information We do not sell personal information of California consumers based on our understanding of that term. We also do not exchange Nevada residents’ personal information for money with anyone so they may license or sell the personal information to additional parties. We do not sell personal information of minors under the age of 16. Nevada residents may opt out of the future sale of their information to a third party so that the third party may license or sell information by emailing us at: privacy@amnhealthcare.com.How We Protect Your Information We have implemented technical, administrative, and physical security measures designed to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use, and modification. Nonetheless, the Internet is not 100% secure. We cannot promise that your use of our sites or apps will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet. This includes not sharing your passwords.We Store Information In the United States We are located in the United States. We maintain our digital properties and businesses for use in the US. If you live outside of the US, you understand and agree that we may transfer your information to the US. Our sites and businesses are subject to US laws, which may not afford the same level of protection as those in your country. By submitting your information, you agree to the processing of it in the US. We store information we collect about you for as long as is necessary for the purpose it was collected, including any legal obligations.   Third Party Links and Tools  We may link to other sites or apps or have third party services on our platforms we don’t control. If you click on a third party link, you will be taken to a platform we do not control. This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of that website or platform. Read other companies’ privacy policies carefully. We are not responsible for these third parties. Our site may also serve third party content that contains their own cookies or tracking technologies. We do not control the use of those technologies.    Information Collection from Children  Our sites and apps are meant for adults. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 without permission from a parent or guardian. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 13 has given us information, you can email or write to us. Use the address information in the contact us section below. Please mark your inquiries “COPPA Information Request.” Parents, you can learn more about how to protect children’s privacy on-line here.You Can Contact Us Feel free to contact us if you have more questions. If you have any questions about this Policy or our data practices, you can write to us at: AMN Healthcare, Inc.; Attn: Privacy Office; 12400 High Bluff Drive; San Diego, CA 92130. You can email us at privacy@amnhealthcare.com.We May Update this Policy  From time to time we may update this privacy policy. We will post the updated copy and include the date of the update. If the changes are material, we will post a prominent notice, and we may contact you at your email address we have on file. Please check our site periodically for updates. Your continued use of the site after we post the updated copy constitutes your acceptance of the updated privacy policy.
Page 'Breadcrumb' Navigation:HomePrivacy Policy
Looking for Careers with AMN?
Search for Careers with AMN Healthcare
Be a part of our best-in-class healthcare staffing organization. Select the type of career you are looking for below and get on the right track today!
Healthcare Professionals
AMN Healthcare Corporate
Contact Us
Contact Us Download vCard
Call: (866) 871-8519
Email: info@amnhealthcare.com
San Diego Office, 12400 High Bluff Drive, San Diego, CA 92130
San Diego Office
12400 High Bluff Drive
San Diego, CA 92130
View Map
Dallas Office, 8840 Cypress Waters Boulevard Suite 300, Dallas, TX 75019
Dallas Office
8840 Cypress Waters Boulevard
Suite 300
Dallas, TX 75019
View Map
Site 'Tertiary' Navigation:
Media Room
Investor Relations
Newsletter Sign-Up
Site 'Main' Navigation:About AMNOur BrandsOur HistoryOur ClientsTestimonialsCase StudiesOur Quality CliniciansOur AwardsLeadershipCorporate Social ResponsibilityCommunity RelationsDiversity, Equality, & InclusionWorkforce SolutionsRapid Facility ResponseTelehealth SolutionsManaged Services ProgramIntegrated Talent SolutionsSupplier ProgramsLocums Workforce SolutionsRecruiting & Placement ServicesVendor Management SystemRevenue Cycle SolutionsHealthcare Predictive AnalyticsHealthcare Executive LeadershipRecruitment Process OutsourcingReturn to WorkConsulting ServicesEducation SolutionsRequest More InformationHealthcare StaffingAllied Health StaffingHome Health StaffingNurse Staffing ServicesTravel Nurse StaffingInterim Nurse LeadershipPermanent PlacementPhysician Staffing ServicesPermanent Physician Placement ServicesTemporary Physician Staffing ServicesRetail Clinic Staffing & Urgent Care StaffingSchool StaffingSchool Staffing SolutionsTelevate/TeletherapyStaffing RequestHealthcare Research & InsightsHealthcare Workforce BlogSpeakers & EventsAMN Healthcare Research & AnalysisAMN in the NewsHealthcare News ArticlesNewsletter Sign UpContact UsOffice Locations
Submit a Staffing Request
Request More Info
We have updated our Privacy Policy,
which includes updates about the personal information we collect, why we collect it,
and rights you may have with respect to your personal information. The revised Privacy
Policy is effective as of December 4, 2020. Your continued use of our site after that date
means that you agree with the updated Privacy Policy.
We use cookies to personalize your experience and improve our site.
By using this site,
you consent to our use of cookies as described in our
Cookie Policy
information, please see our Privacy Policy.
ACCEPT