http://www.clippard.com/cms/privacy-policy
Jump to Navigation
be_ixf;ym_202012 d_11; ct_100
be_ixf; php_sdk; php_sdk_1.4.26
https://www.clippard.com/cms/privacy-policy
https://www.clippard.com/cms/privacy-policy
Toll Free 877.245.6247
Contact Us
Order Catalog
Custom Solutions
COVID-19
Manufacturer of Miniature Pneumatic Components Logo
My Account
View Cart
Products
Pneumatic Valves
Electronic Controls
Custom Solutions
Pneumatic Cylinders
Air Preparation Equipment
Pneumatic Fittings & Tubing
Distributors
Knowledge Base
Downloads
Calculators
Technical Help
Home › Knowledge Base › Privacy Policy
Categories
Applications
Calculators
Clippard
Pneumatics 101
Product InformationHow to's
Product Tips
Installation Instructions
AdvertisingLiterature
Privacy Policy
Overview
This Privacy Policy describes the policies of Clippard Instrument Laboratory, Inc. ("CIL" or "we") regarding the collection, use, disclosure and protection of the following types of information: Information obtained when you and other users ("you" or "Users") visit the CIL web site (the "Site"). http://www.clippard.com Information obtained through e-mail communications with you related to the Site. This privacy policy does not apply to information that we may collect from you by other means (including offline) or from other sources. Your use of this Site constitutes your acceptance of all of the terms and conditions contained in this Privacy Policy and your consent to any action we take with respect to your information that is in compliance with this Privacy Policy. We may change the terms of this Privacy Policy, so Users are encouraged to review this page from time to time. Your continued use of this Site following the posting of changes to the Privacy Policy means that you accept the changes. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, as modified from time to time, please do not visit this Site.
Information We Collect and How We Collect It
General
We require you to provide us with certain information about yourself when you register with this Site and when you request products and services. We also collect information from you when you participate in contests and surveys, when you respond to requests for feedback and when you submit postings to public areas of this Site, such as moderated discussions and bulletin boards. The information we collect may include information from which you may be personally identified ("Personally Identifiable Information"), such as name, postal address, telephone number, fax number and e-mail address, and also may include certain business information, such as employer name, occupation, job function, job title and buying information (e.g., preferences or history). We also will collect credit card and related information when you request a product or service. However, we do not maintain credit card information about you. This Site only collects Personally Identifiable Information with your knowledge.
Automatic Data Collection
When you visit this Site, we may collect the IP address of your computer. We also automatically record other information that identifies your computer to this Site and tracks your behavior on the Site. For example, we may record how many times you visit this Site and your navigation within the Site. We do not collect Personally Identifiable Information in this manner; however, if you provide us with Personally Identifiable Information, we may associate that information with the information that is collected automatically. Methods used to collect this information may include 'cookies'. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a server and stored on your computer's hard drive. This enables our systems to recognize your browser and provide certain features. Most browsers allow Users to block the receipt of cookies, but doing so may compromise your ability to use certain features of this Site. To find out more information please consult the Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers and how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
How We Use Your Information
General
We use Personally Identifiable Information that we collect on this Site for the following purposes: To provide you with this Site and other products and services, such as electronic and print publications and newsletters. To respond to your inquiries and contact you about changes regarding the Site. To provide you with e-mail, fax and other notices (such as expiration and renewal notices) and inquiries regarding your account and the products or services that you are receiving, and for billing and collection purposes. For any other purpose disclosed at the time the information is collected or to which you consent. As otherwise specifically described in this Privacy Policy. We also may use your information to better understand the needs of our Users and to improve our Site. For example, we may use this information to determine what portions of the Site are most popular and the demographics of our Users generally. Cookies and other User information also enable us to customize your experience on the Site. We may use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our servers or to administer our Site. We may also use IP addresses to help identify a User during a particular session and to gather data regarding use of the Site.
Newsletters and Offers
We may use the information you provide us to send you e-mail, fax and other communications on behalf of CIL. These communications may include e-mail newsletters that are relevant to this Site, as well as offers for other CIL services. All of these communications will include instructions explaining how you can request that we not send you ("opt out" of) future communications of the same type.
Our Disclosure of Your Information
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include: fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing customer lists, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
We also may disclose your information to third parties that wish to market products or services that may be of interest to you. We will require these parties to keep any Personally Identifiable Information provided by us confidential and use it only to market and provide their products or services or with your approval. When you register with and provide information to this Site, you will be given an opportunity to opt out of our disclosing your Personally Identifiable Information as described in this paragraph.
The only other times we may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information collected on this Site are as follows: In the event of an asset sale, merger, consolidation, restructuring, reorganization, liquidation or other similar transaction involving CIL or this Site, we may transfer some or all User information, including Personally Identifiable Information, to the successor company. We will disclose your Personally Identifiable Information when we believe such disclosure is required by law or for the protection of persons or property. We may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information with your consent, as well as when disclosure is necessary to accomplish the purpose for which you provide it.
Security
We use reasonable security safeguards to protect Personally Identifiable Information we collect on this Site from unauthorized access, use, modification or disclosure. We secure these transmissions by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. However, due to the design of the Internet and other factors outside of our control, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and our servers will be free from unauthorized access by third parties.
We do not store ANY credit card information. Once an order has been authorized ALL credit card information is removed from the transaction. When you reorder from us we will ask for that information again.
Right to Access and Change Information
You may view and update information that you previously submitted to this Site by sending an email to webmaster@clippard.com
CIL is not responsible for any misuse of the ordering system by you, your employees, associates, acquaintances, or companions. Security of your credit card number and credentials are your responsibility. Credit card orders received by us are considered authentic and are shipped promptly by our automated system.
Opt-Out
This Privacy Policy describes certain opportunities you will have to opt out of our using or disclosing your Personally Identifiable Information. Typically, an opt out request will be specific to a particular service or product. For example, if you opt out of receiving third party offers from this Site, you may continue to receive third party offers from other CIL web sites or publications not associated with this Site. Similarly, opting out of our disclosing Personally Identifiable Information collected on this Site will not apply to information collected on other CIL web sites. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to accommodate opt out requests that apply to multiple web sites, products or services, but we will try to do so to the extent feasible. If you wish to opt out of the use or disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information collected by more than one CIL web site, the best way of accomplishing this is to provide a separate opt out request for each web site, product or service. Any opt out request will only be effective after a reasonable period of time for processing.
Links
This Site contains content, services, advertising and other materials that link to Web sites operated by third parties. We have no control over those other sites, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to them. We encourage you to refer to the privacy policies, if any, of those sites.
Company History
Our Credo
Community
ISO 9001:2015
Warranty
Privacy Notice
Terms of Use
Careers
Products
Catalog Home
Search the Catalog
Request Literature
Monthly E-Newsletter
Distributors
Find a Distributor
Technical Help
Trade Show Schedule
Application Ideas
Product How to's
Product Tips
Installation Instructions
Applications
Downloads
Full Line Catalog
Product Brochures
Training PDFs
Product Data Bulletins
Quality Documentation
Toll Free 877.245.6247