https://www.farran.com/cookie-policy
We use cookies to improve your experience on this website.
Read More
Allow Cookies
HomeCookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookies
The Farran Technology website use cookies, which are small text files placed on your computer by the website so that the we can record preferences and analyse how people use the site. The two different types of cookies used are:
Session cookies are used temporarily to preserve the state of your activity between pages, such as passing your choices in a form to the next page. These cookies are transient and are deleted automatically when you close your browser. They are not visible to anything except your browser and are not passed on anywhere else.
Persistent third-party cookies are used to record information about how our site gets used. They only collect anonymous data on the pages people visit, and are not used to identify visitors personally. The information stored in the cookie is transmitted to the cookie provider (see table below) for analysis in order to compile statistical reports on website activity for Farran Technology, and to help subsequent pages present more relevant information ("tracking" pixels). The cookie provider may also transfer this information to other parties who provide additional services such as advertising ("retargeting" pixels). These cookies stay on your computer after you close your browser, but you can remove the cookies at any time. (see "How to disable cookies")
When you first visit the Farran Technology website you will see a message asking for your consent to use these cookies. If you click the "Allow Cookies" option, the website will set a cookie which records your consent. If you do not wish cookies to be placed on your computer, leave the message and continue browsing. For more information on how to manage cookies, including how to block cookies entirely, please see the Aboutcookies.org page.
How to Disable Cookies
Farran Technology assumes that you consent to the placement of these cookies on your computer by clicking on the Allow Cookies" option in the message displayed on your first visit, unless you specifically disable them in your browser. You can disable these cookies in your web browser with no loss of functionality. This can be done in your browser's Settings menu — use the help function in your browser or on your browser-maker's web site for more information.
Current Cookie Providers
These are cookies that are set by this website directly.
Google Analytics: We use Google Analytics to collect information about visitor behaviour on our website. Google Analytics stores information about what pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you got here and what you click on. This Analytics data is collected via a JavaScript tag in the pages of our site and is not tied to personally identifiable information. We therefore do not collect or store your personal information (e.g. your name or address) so this information cannot be used to identify who you are.
You can find out more about Google’s position on privacy as regards its analytics service at http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/