https://www.nacmcommercialservices.org/about-us/privacy-policy/
Login/The Portal
Contact Us
NACM Invoice Payments
Toll Free: 800.622.6985
About Us
Why NACM Commercial Services?
Mission
Meet Our Team
Board of Directors
Jobs
Testimonials
Privacy Policy
Membership
Register for the Portal
Become A Member
Ask the Expert
Education
Calendar & Registration
Certification Classes
Certification Program
Scholarships
Education FAQ
NACM Commercial Services Foundation
Foundation Board of Directors
Foundation Fundraisers
CFDD
Portland
Credit Services
Credit Reports
NACM Trade Credit Report
Experian Business Credit Reports
D&B Credit Solutions
Equifax Business Credit Reports
International Credit Reports
One Credit Source – Consumer Credit Reports
CIC – Consumer Credit Reports
Risk Management Tools
NACM Risk Management
D&B Risk Management
Data Contributions
Why
How to Contribute
FAQ
Industry Groups
Denver Groups
Portland Groups
San Diego Groups
Spokane Groups
Other Areas – Local Groups
Regional Groups
National Groups
Legal and Anti-Trust Information
FAQ
United TranzActions
Lien Service & UCC Filings – NACM
Credit Resource Center
Webinars
Nonmember Credit References
Collection Services
Collections Payment
Why NACM Commercial Services Collection Services?
Collections Services FAQ
Blog
MENU
About Us
Membership
Credit Services
Collection Services
Education
As a 120-year old trade association, NACM Northwest (a successor company to NACM Oregon and NACM Inland Northwest) provides services to members and other customers with an interest in the finance, credit, and accounts receivable operations. These services include member activities, continuing education, certification, publications, advocacy, and products and services used as resources in the finance, credit, and accounts receivable functions. NACM Northwest respects the privacy of its members, customers, and representatives and protects the confidentiality of information that may be provided to us.
Information NACM Northwest collects
As members and customers establish a relationship with NACM Northwest, we gather public information about the company and its representatives, including legal name, tradestyles, assumed business names, addresses, telephone numbers, and websites, and representative names, titles, and contact information, including telephone numbers and email addresses. We do not gather any protected or personally identifiable information, such as social security numbers.
We assign each member a member number which we use to internally identify the member in certain administrative processes such as billing. In the provision of certain services this member number is used for reporting experience in those services. The member number may be shared with other members subscribing to the same services. The member number does not provide access to any confidential or protected information. We do not otherwise share this member number.
We assign each member representative a user ID and a password which provide access to certain member-only features of the website. We do not share these, and the password may be changed by the user.
We also assign each member representative a user ID and password which provide access to certain websites operated by independent product providers. We do not share these, and the password may be changed by the user.
Should the company and its customers choose, we may gather and use credit card information provided by customers to pay outstanding invoices; however, this information is encrypted, and we do not maintain credit card numbers in any other form. Customers also may choose to provide banking information used for ACH purposes to pay outstanding invoices. This information is encrypted, and we do not maintain this information in any other form.
We assist members with the contribution of business credit experience to national credit reporting databases controlled by independent companies. We do not share this confidential information other than as directed by the member.
NACM Northwest does not enable “cookies” on our website with one exception. A cookie is used to keep track of movement of an individual user-customer from one screen to another. This information may be used by the NACM Northwest staff to detect and resolve website problems and assist with customer support. NACM Northwest does not collect any personally identifiable information about site visitors in this process.
The NACM Northwest web server collects information of computer and navigation patterns when visitors come to the website, including Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, the computer’s operating system, the type of browser used, and the specific web pages visited during connection. NACM Northwest also may track data such as the total number of visits to the website and the number of visitors to each page of the website.
This information, in aggregate form, may be used for system maintenance and to better understand how visitors use the site and services so that it may be improved. NACM Northwest also may share statistical or demographic information in aggregate form with third parties for marketing or research purposes. This aggregate data will not contain any information that personally identifies the member, customer, or representative.
NACM Northwest does not knowingly solicit or market or sell to children and does not collect personal information from children on the website or any documents.
How NACM Northwest uses the information it collects
NACM Northwest uses this information to respond to emails or other inquiries or requests, to help improve the website and services, to customize customer experiences at our website, or to send updates and notices about the association and the products and services offered that may interest members and customers. NACM Northwest also may combine this information with other publicly available information to help identify visitors’ preferences or interests. NACM Northwest may provide information that identifies customers to companies that assist in these activities, such as helping fulfill your request for a product, service, or information. There may be unusual circumstances where it may be appropriate to release information to comply with legal obligations or to requests from law enforcement agencies.
NACM Northwest provides contact information to other members of NACM Northwest and to the NACM National Office in Columbia Maryland for purposes of the monthly magazine and email.
With a member’s prior approval, NACM Northwest may occasionally provide data to third parties, including companies offering products and services to members and customers.
Customer choices about information
NACM Northwest keeps only the most accurate and up-to-date information about customers in its records. Therefore, whenever a customer believes contact information needs to be updated, it should contact Customer Service by emailing customerservice@nacmcs.org to correct or update the contact information.
A customer may choose at any time to remove the name, telephone and fax numbers, and postal and email addresses from the lists used to send notices or updates and elect not to receive correspondence from NACM Northwest by mailing customerservice@nacmcs.org.
Other internet sites customers visit, including those linked from the NACM Northwest website, may have their own privacy policies or no policy at all. Other websites might use personal information differently than NACM Northwest policy permits. NACM Northwest is not responsible for privacy policies maintained by any third party. The customer should review the privacy policies of any site before providing any information.
Data integrity and security
NACM Northwest uses state-of-the-art technology to keep any information customers provide as secure as possible. Privacy protection control contractual obligations are in place with all vendors and are designed to ensure personal data is protected from unauthorized access or disclosure.  NACM Northwest employees are knowledgeable and comply with NACM Northwest’s Privacy Policy. Only authorized employees are permitted to have access to personally-identifiable data about website visitors, and that access is limited to what is reasonably needed to perform an employee’s responsibilities, such as providing updates or notices or customer service. The computers and servers used to store information are maintained in a secure environment.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
The NACM Northwest Privacy Policy may change from time to time, and all updates will be posted to this webpage, www.nacmcommercialservices.org.
By using our site, you consent to our Privacy Policy.
If you have questions or comments about this privacy policy, please contact us immediately by telephone at 800-622-6985, ext. 202, or email to customerservice@nacmcs.org.
About Us
Why NACM Commercial Services?
Mission
Meet Our Team
Board of Directors
Jobs
Testimonials
Privacy Policy