http://www.tetley.ca/en/terms-conditions
Terms & Conditions | Tetley Canada
Skip to main content
Australia
Bangladesh
Canada
Estonia
France
Finland
Global
Hungary
India
Jamaica
Latvia
Lithuania
Malta
Meet a Farmer
Middle East
Poland
Portugal
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
United Kingdom
USA
English
Français
CAN
EN
User account menu
Contact Us
Our Teas
Our Full Range
Orange Pekoe & Black
Flavoured Black
Herbal
Green
Red Tea
New! Super Teas
New! Cold Infusions for Water Bottles
Signature Collection
Caffeine Free
Decaf
K-Cup® Pods
Learn & Explore
Tea Basics
The Perfect Brew
Tea & Health
Tea Recipes
About Tetley
The Tetley Story
Sustainability
Social Responsibility
Frequently Asked Questions
Search
Breadcrumb
Home
Terms conditions
Terms & Conditions
PRIVACY STATEMENT AND ONLINE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Tata Global Beverages Canada Inc. is committed to the protection of your privacy and to the security of confidential information. We have developed our privacy statement and the online terms and conditions in order to ensure that you are comfortable that in all your dealings with the Tetley.ca information site your personal information is secure and will be treated in a confidential manner. By visiting the Tetley.ca information site you agree to the practices set out below. If you do not agree with the practices as set out in this privacy statement and online terms and conditions, please discontinue your visit to Tetley.ca.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE CONTINUING TO USE THIS WEBSITE. THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS ARE APPLICABLE TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND ALL MATERIAL WITHIN IT.I. Acceptance of the Terms of Use
These terms and conditions of use (“Terms and Conditions”) are entered into by and between you and Tata Global Beverages Canada Inc. (“Tata Global,” “we,” “us,” or “our”).  These Terms and Conditions govern your access to and use of this website, including any content, functionality, and services offered on or through the website (the “Site”).  Please read the Terms and Conditions carefully before you start to use the Site.  By clicking the accept button below you accept and agree to be bound by and abide by these Terms and Conditions and our Privacy Policy found at https://www.tetley.ca/en/terms-conditions. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, then you are not permitted access nor authorized to use this Site. II. Use of Site/Updates to Site
This Site is offered and available to users who are 18 years of age or older, and reside in Canada.  By using this Site, you represent and warrant that you are of 18 years of age and have capacity to form a binding contract and meet all of the foregoing eligibility requirements.  We make no claims that the Site or any of its content is accessible or appropriate outside of Canada.  Access to the Site may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries.  If you access the Site from outside of Canada, you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with local laws.  If you do not meet all of these requirements, you must not access or use the Site.
Tata Global reserves the right to change, update, revise or modify these Terms and Conditions from time to time at its sole discretion.  All revisions are effective immediately when posted on this Site.  You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the current rules and regulations.  However, any changes to the dispute resolution provisions set out in the Governing Law and Jurisdiction section of these Terms and Conditions will not apply to any disputes for which the parties have actual notice before the date the change is posted on the Site.  Tata Global reserves the right to seek, suspend or terminate your access to this Site without notice. Tata Global also reserves the right to seek any and all remedies available by law for violations of these Terms and Conditions.  These Terms and Conditions apply each time you use this Site.III. Registration Policy
To access the Site or some of the resources it offers you may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information.  It is a condition of your use of the Site that all the information you provide is correct, current and complete.  You agree that all information you provide to register with this Site is governed by our Privacy Policy (https://www.tetley.ca/en/terms-conditions). When you choose, or are provided with, a user name, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person or entity.  You also acknowledge that your account on our Site is personal to you and agree not to provide any other person with access to this Site or portions of it using your user name, password or other security information.  You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your user name or password or any other breach of security.  You also agree to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session.  You should use particular caution when accessing your account from a public or shared computer so that others are not able to view or record your password or other personal information.  We have the right to disable any user name, password or other identifier, whether chosen by you or provided by us or delete your account and any associated data, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including if, in our opinion, you have violated any provisions of these Terms and Conditions.  IV. Electronic Communications and Communications Transmitted to this Site
By visiting the Site or by sending emails to us, you are knowingly and voluntarily consenting to receive communications from us electronically.  We will communicate with you by email or by posting notices on this Site.  You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.  If you would like to opt out of receiving electronic communications from us you may do so by contacting us or by using the unsubscribe functions at the bottom of our communications.
Any communication or material you transmit to this Site by email or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments or suggestions, or the like (“Submissions”), is, and will be treated as, non-confidential, non-proprietary and shall become the exclusive property of Tata Global, even if these Terms and Conditions or any other agreement you have entered into with us is later terminated or amended.  We will not pay you or anyone else for any information that you provide which is used by us.  Additionally, you acknowledge that you have full responsibility for any such submissions you make, including its legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality, and copyright Tata Global reserves the right, but has no obligation, to: (i) review Submissions for accuracy or otherwise; (ii) edit, delete or refuse to post any Submissions that are profane, obscene, personal attacks on other individuals, slanderous, defamatory, pornographic, threatening, or harassing, or that contain any other information that Tata Global deems to be inappropriate for this Site or that in any other way violate these Terms and Conditions, as well as any applicable law; (iii) monitor and/or filter all Submissions; and/or (iv) disclose any Submission to any party for any reason or purpose, including, but not limited to, third parties to operate this Site and to comply with legal obligations or governmental requests.  Tata Global may use any Submissions, in whole or in part, for any purpose, including but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting at no cost obligation to Tata Global.  Tata Global may also use any idea, concept, know-how, or techniques contained in any Submissions for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information.  Tata Global has no control over, and shall have no liability for any damages resulting from, the use or misuse of any Submissions by any third party. You agree to waive your moral rights in any Submissions in favour of Tata Global or its designees.
Tata Global is not responsible for the views or opinions expressed by third parties.  Submissions to this Site do not necessarily reflect the views of Tata Global, and Tata Global shall not assume or have any liability for any Submissions.  Visitors may not transmit any Submissions that are intended to promote and/or generate revenue for any third-party business activity.
As required, you agree to execute any agreement, and do such other acts to confirm Tata Global’s rights described above.V. Prohibited Uses
You agree that you will not use the Site for any purpose that is unlawful or that is otherwise prohibited by these Terms and Conditions.  You may not use the Site in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Site.  You agree that you are responsible for your own conduct while using the Site and for any consequences thereof.  You agree that Tata Global shall decide, in its sole discretion, if your conduct violates any aspect of these Terms and Conditions and that Tata Global may take whatever action it deems appropriate to address such violation, including without limitation notification of appropriate authorities and removal of your access to the Site and/or cancellation of any services.  VI. Your Responsibility
You should always verify the information set out in this Site with independent authorities before acting or relying on it.  It is your responsibility to use virus checking software on any download from this Site and to ensure the compatibility of such software with our equipment.  VII. Intellectual Property Rights
The trademarks, logos, service marks, images, trade dress on and copyright to the content of the Site (the “Intellectual Property”) are the property of Tata Global or its affiliates, its content providers, or licensors and protected by Canadian and international laws.  Nothing contained on this Site should be construed as granting you, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Intellectual Property without the written permission of Tata Global or such third party that may own the Intellectual Property displayed on this Site.  Your use or misuse of the Intellectual Property displayed on or used in connection with this Site, or any other content on this Site, is strictly prohibited.  This restriction includes downloading, copying, reproducing, transmitting, publicly performing, distributing, commercially exploiting, adapting, translating, or modifying any content of this Site for any purpose other than your own personal use.  You are advised that Tata Global will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.VIII. Linking to the Website and Social Media Features
You may link to our homepage http://www.tetley.ca/ provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval, or endorsement on our part.
This Site may provide certain social media features that enable you to:
Link from your own or certain third-party websites to certain content on this Site.
Send emails or other communications with certain content, or links to certain content, on this Site.
Cause limited portions of content on this Site to be displayed or appear to be displayed on your own or certain third-party websites.
You may use these features solely as they are provided by us, solely for the content they are displayed with.  Subject to the foregoing, you must not:
Establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
Cause the Site or portions of it to be displayed on, or appear to be displayed by, any other site, for example, framing, deep linking, or in-line linking.
Link to any part of the Site other than the homepage.
Otherwise take any action with respect to the materials on this Site that is inconsistent with any other provision of these Terms of Use.
You agree to cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized framing or linking immediately to stop.  We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.  We may disable all or any social media features and any links at any time without notice in our discretion.IX. Links to Third Party Sites
This Site may contain links to third party sites.  Access to any other Internet site linked to this Site is at the user’s own risk, and Tata Global is not responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any information, data, opinions, advice or statements made on these sites.  You should review the terms and conditions of use and privacy policies of all third party web pages and other websites that you visit.X. Infringement Notice
If you are an intellectual property rights owner or an agent thereof and believe any material posted to this Site infringes upon your intellectual property rights, you notify us in writing by providing the following information in writing:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Such information should be sent to us at Tata Global Beverages Canada Inc., 10 Carlson Court Suite 700, Etobicoke, Ontario M9W 6L2 or by contacting us
Counternotice.  If a notice of copyright infringement has been filed against material posted by you on the Site, and you believe that the content is not infringing, you may send a counter notification containing the following information to Tata Global Beverages Canada Inc., 10 Carlson Court Suite 700, Etobicoke, Ontario M9W 6L2 or contact us.
Your physical or electronic signature;
Identification of the content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the content appeared before it was removed or disabled;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that the content was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the content; and
Your name, address, telephone number, and email address, a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal court in Washington, D.C., and a statement that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement.
If a counter notice is received by us, we may send a copy of the counter notice to the original complaining party informing that person that it may replace the removed content or cease disabling it in ten (10) business days.  Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the content provider, member or user, the removed content may be replaced, or access to it restored, in ten (10) to fourteen (14) business days or more after receipt of the counter notice, at our sole discretion.
You agree that if you knowingly misrepresent in your notification that the material or activity is infringing, you shall be liable for any damages, including costs and attorneys’ fees, incurred by us or the alleged infringer as the result of our relying upon such misrepresentation in removing or disabling access to the material or activity claimed to be infringing.  In accordance with applicable law, we have also adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and in our sole discretion, users who are deemed to be repeat infringers.  We may also, in our sole discretion, limit access to the Site and/or terminate the accounts of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.XI. Disclaimer
Although Tata Global has attempted to provide accurate information (including any products, graphics, software, recommendations or other materials) on the Site, we assume no responsibility for the completeness, reliability or accuracy of the information.  The information on this Site could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors.  Tata Global undertakes no obligation to verify or maintain the currency of such information.  Tata Global may change the programs or products mentioned at any time without notice.  Mention of non-Tata Global products or services is for information purposes only and constitutes neither an endorsement nor a recommendation.
ALL INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS SITE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” WITH ALL FAULTS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, TATA WATERSDISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  TATA GLOBAL SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, PERSONAL INJURY, PAIN AND SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, SYSTEM FAILURES, INCLUDING VIRUSES OBTAINED DURING HYPERLINK, LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES, COSTS OF REPLACEMENT GOODS, DATA NON-DELIVERY, MISDELIVERY, CORRUPTION, DESTRUCTION OR OTHER MODIFICATION LOSS OR DAMAGE TO DATA ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE, ANY TATA GLOBALPRODUCT OR LINKS TO ANY THIRD PARTY WEBSITE FROM THE SITE, DAMAGES RESULTING FROM USE OF OR RELIANCE ON THE INFORMATION PRESENT, EVEN IF TATA GLOBAL HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, INACCURACIES OR OMISSIONS IN CONTENT, AND EVENTS BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CONTROL.  IN NO EVENT SHALL OUR TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, COSTS, LOSSES AND CAUSES OF ACTION IN THE AGGREGATE (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHERWISE) ARISING FROM THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, INCLUDING OUR PRIVACY POLICY, OR USE OF THIS SITE, EXCEED IN THE AGGREGATE US $100.00.
Tata Global makes no warranty that (i) the operation of the Site will meet your requirements; (ii) access to the Site will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, free of viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other harmful components, or free of defects or errors; (iii) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site will be accurate or reliable; or (iv) defects will be corrected.  You (and not Tata Global) assume the entire cost of all servicing, repair, or correction that may be necessary for your computer equipment and software as a result of any viruses, errors or any other problems whatsoever you may have as a result of visiting this Site.  XII. Indemnification
You hereby agree to hold harmless and indemnify Tata Global, and its affiliates, subsidiaries, officers, directors, agents, and employees, licensors, suppliers, partners, successors, and assigns, harmless from and against all liability, losses, damages, and costs (including without limitation defense costs and associated reasonable attorney’s fees and associated costs) associated with any claim, action, or demand brought against Tata Global arising out of (a) any breach of or violation of these Terms and Conditions; (b) any information you submit, share, or upload on or to the Site; (c) any claim that information or content that you provide violates any applicable law or otherwise infringes the rights of a third party; and/or (d) your use of any data gathering and extraction tools or any other action you take that imposes an unreasonable burden or load on our infrastructure.  You shall cooperate fully in the defense of any claim.  Tata Global reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you. XIII. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms and Conditions are governed under the laws of Ontario, Canada without regard to its conflict of law provisions. You irrevocably attorn to the jurisdiction of the Courts of Ontario.XIV. Waiver and Severability
No waiver by Tata Global of any term or condition set out in these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and any failure of Tata Global to assert a right or provision under these Terms and Conditions shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
If any provision of these Terms and Conditions shall be held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and Conditions of use and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.XV. Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about our Site or these Terms and Conditions you may write to us at 10 Carlson Court Suite 700, Etobicoke, Ontario M9W 6L2 or reach us through our Contact Us page.
Copyright © 2018 Tata Global Beverages Canada Inc. All rights reserved.
Join our mailing list
Be first to know about coupons, new products & more!
Click here to signup
Legal
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Copyrights
Sitemap
Customer Support
Contact Us
FAQs
Follow us on
Corporate Site
Copyright© 2019 Tetley - All rights reserved.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on this website. However, if you would like to, you can change your cookie settings at any time through your web browsers tools.
Your browser does not support JavaScript!