https://www.airport-suppliers.com/privacy/
RBS Global Media Limited are dedicated to upholding the privacy rights and maintaining data security for our visitors. We aim to be transparent about the data we collect from our visitors and pledge to handle data fairly and within the law. By using this website you should be able to enjoy browsing without compromising your privacy unacceptably
OUR COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY
Your trust is important to us.
So we want you to know we’ve updated our Privacy Notice to explain how we collect, store and handle your personal data.
Why we collect your data
We want to give you the best possible experience with our website. For example, the data we hold about you helps us personalise our recommendations for products, services and promotions.
How we collect your data
We do this in a number of ways, including where you share information with us. Such as when you make an online enquiry or purchase or create an account with us. We treat it with the utmost care and take appropriate steps to protect it.
Know your rights
You have many rights regarding your personal data. These include seeing what data we hold and updating your information.
Hosting and SSL
We use secure server technology, including GlobalSign nv-sa SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption so that your browsing session is protected. Using this technology helps to minimise the ability for unauthorised parties to access any data passed between your browser and our website’s server.
Cookies
This website makes use of cookies. Most websites make use cookies to operate effectively and to optimise a visitor’s browsing experience. A site will often generate cookies, which are small text files sent between a web client and server, on its users’ computers and devices. These allow the website, among other features, to recognise which pages have been visited during a browsing session. Therefore your computer or device may be able to ‘recall’ which pages you have viewed and your navigation through a website.
Our website does not use cookies to collect or record personal data such as name, address or other contact details. We do not use cookies for the purposes of third-party advertising and do not share any information contained in cookies with third parties.
If you disagree with the use of cookies on our site, you should leave immediately, or disable the cookies. If you want to disable cookies you need to change your website browser settings. Should you disable any cookies, the website may not continue to function properly.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to anonymously track data relating to visitor behaviour patterns. This is done in order to measure numbers of visits to a particular parts of a website, or use of features. No personal or data which could be used to identify site visitors is collected by Google Analytics.
Third Party Links
Links to third party websites may appear on our website where these are believed to be relevant to our content and may be of interest to our visitors. Third party websites should have their own privacy policies, and we cannot be held liable for their policies or non-compliance with data protection laws.
Mailing Lists
We will never share your data with other businesses or organisations.
Details will never be passed on to a third party for marketing purposes.
Clients may unsubscribe from this service at any time.
Any emails we send out via our mailing list service will contain an ‘unsubscribe’ link. We keep the contact details securely on MailChimp, a company committed to GDPR.
Contacting Us
Should you wish to contact us via our website’s email contact form, we will never share any of the data you provide with any other business or individuals, and will delete the data that you have provided on request.
Further Information
Please contact info@rbsglobalmedia.com if you have any queries about our policy.
Add Your Company
Name*
Email*
Phone
Message*
Captcha code*
Tick to join our mailing list. By doing so, you accept our Privacy StatementPrivacy StatementWe will protect your privacy, by signing up to our regular newsletters, you will only receive industry developments via the Airport-Suppliers website, we will not share your data with third parties, you can unsubscribe or delete your data at any time..
We will protect your privacy - the data you provide on this contact form will only be forwarded to the intended recipient.
Name
Email
to accept our Privacy StatementPrivacy StatementWe will protect your privacy, by signing up to our regular newsletters, you will only receive industry developments via the Airport-Suppliers website, we will not share your data with third parties, you can unsubscribe or delete your data at any time..
Submit
Thank you for signing up!
Name*
Email*
Phone
Company name*
Position
Company website URL
Description of company and any other info/questions*
Tick to join our mailing list
We will protect your privacy, by signing up to our regular newsletters, you will only receive industry developments via the Airport-Suppliers website, we will not share your data with third parties, you can unsubscribe or delete your data at any time.
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Learn more.OK