http://www.incitecpivot.com.au/privacy
Home
Privacy Policy
11.03.2014
Incitec Pivot Limited Privacy Policy
Incitec Pivot Limited is committed to protecting your personal information. This privacy policy applies to Incitec Pivot Limited and each of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, and the expressions "we", "us" and "our" are a reference, collectively and individually, to Incitec Pivot Limited and each of its wholly-owned subsidiaries.
1.            Introduction
This policy contains important information about:
how we comply with laws relating to personal information;
collecting personal information (including sensitive information and credit information);
storing, using and disclosing personal information;
accessing, correcting or updating your personal information;
credit reporting;
internet privacy;
childrens’ online privacy;
changes to this policy; and
our Privacy Contact.
By using this website or submitting your personal information to us, you consent to us collecting, storing and using your personal information in the manner set out in this policy.
2.            How we comply with the law
We are subject to laws in the countries in which we operate. This policy explains how we handle personal information in accordance with those laws.
This policy does not apply to our acts and practices directly related to personal information about our current or former employees and their employment relationship with us.
"Personal information" is used in this policy to refer to information or an opinion about an identified individual or an individual whose identity can reasonably be ascertained from the information, whether or not the information is recorded in a material form and whether or not the information is true.  Personal information will also include sensitive information and credit information.
3.            Collecting personal information
We will collect personal information in accordance with the law, usually directly from you.  We may collect personal information from third parties such as credit reporting bodies, or our customers and suppliers.  For example, when running a promotion we may collect personal information from a wholesale customer who submits an application on behalf of an end user of our products.
We only collect personal information that is necessary to conduct our business.   You are not required to supply any of the personal information that we request. However, if the personal information we request is not provided, we may not be able to provide you with the products or services requested or engage you to provide products or services to us.
We collect personal information about our customers, prospective customers, users of our products, contractors, suppliers, service providers, employees and prospective employees.
The types of personal information that we collect from you will depend on how you interact with us. For example, your personal information will be collected when you purchase products, fill in an application form, request information or submit a complaint; and it may be collected when you visit this website.
This information may include, but is not limited to, your name and contact details, date of birth, place of work, credit information and other financial details.
4.            Collecting sensitive information
Sensitive information is personal information about a person’s racial or ethnic origins, political opinion, membership of a political, professional or trade association, religious beliefs or affiliations, philosophical beliefs, membership of a trade union, sexual orientation or practices, criminal record, genetic information or health information.
We will only collect, use or disclose sensitive information about you where we are permitted by all applicable laws, we need the information for one of our functions or activities and we have your consent (or are legally required to deal with the information).
5.            Storing, using and disclosing personal information
We will take reasonable steps to store personal information in a secure environment to protect it from misuse, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.  We will also take reasonable steps to securely destroy or de-identify personal information when it is no longer required for the purposes for which we collected it or for legal requirements.
However, no network, including the internet, is entirely secure. Accordingly, we cannot be responsible for the loss, corruption or unauthorised acquisition of personal information you provide via the internet, including information provided to this website, or for any resulting damage.
We will use personal information only for the purpose for which it was collected or for related purposes permitted by law.  We will not sell, rent or trade your personal information without your consent.
In the normal course of our business operations we may disclose personal information to related bodies corporate and other companies engaged to perform services for us, including consultants, IT and internet service providers.  In the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets, we may disclose personal information to the purchaser of the business or those assets. We require any person or company to whom we disclose personal information to restrict their use of such information to the purposes for which it has been provided and not to disclose that information to others.  However, except as required under law, we will not be responsible for any damage to you caused by the failure of unaffiliated third parties to honour their privacy obligations to us.
Personal information provided to us may be located or stored in a country outside the country in which it was collected.  Some countries may not provide the same level of protection of your personal information as the country in which your personal information was collected.
We maintain appropriate safeguards to protect your personal information from accidental, unlawful or unauthorised access, disclosure or use.
6.            Accessing, correcting or updating your information
We will take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we collect, store or use is accurate, complete and up-to-date.   You may access personal information that we hold about you and where appropriate you may request that it be corrected. If you wish to review your personal information please contact the Privacy Officer.  We will allow access or make the correction unless we consider the law permits or requires us to withhold the information, or not make the correction.
There is no charge for requesting access to personal information but we may require a person making such request to meet our reasonable costs in providing the access.
7.            Credit reporting (Australia Only)
If you apply for credit from us, or are the proposed guarantor for another person, we may request a credit report about you from a credit reporting body.  These credit reports contain information which assists us to assess your application for credit or suitability to act as guarantor.  The law restricts the purpose for which we can access and use this information.
The credit reporting body to which we disclose such information is:
Veda Advantage Information Services and Solutions Limited (Veda)
PO Box 964
North Sydney  NSW  2059
Phone: 1300 850 211
Email: membership.query@veda.com.au
Web: www.mycreditfile.com.au
You can contact Veda directly to request a copy of their privacy policy or for information about how they manage your personal information.
We may combine the information obtained from Veda with information we already hold about you.  We will use information sourced from Veda (possibly combined with information we already hold) for several purposes, including:
To assess your application for credit;
To assess your suitability to act as a guarantor;
To carry out general administration and operational tasks;
As required by relevant laws, regulations, codes of practice and payment systems.
We collect, manage and use credit information in the same way as we manage all personal information.
8.            Internet privacy and cookies
When you visit one of our websites, information about your device is automatically collected by us or by a third party service provider on our behalf.  We may use analytics service providers to identify generic behavioural patterns on our website (such as Google Analytics).  It may be possible to prevent such analytics service providers from collecting data, for example, by downloading the Google Analytics Opt-out browser add on.  The information collected includes your IP address and associated domain name (e.g. yourcompany.com), the date and time of your visit to our site, the pages you accessed or downloaded, the address of the last site you visited, your operating system and the type of browser you used. This information is collected for statistical and system administration purposes. The information collected does not readily identify individuals, and we will not attempt to identify individuals unless it is necessary to do so for law enforcement purposes.
We may also use “cookies” to assign your device a user ID.  A cookie is a small piece of information that is sent to your browser and stored on your computer's hard drive.  Cookies contain information that allows us to identify your device, understand your use of our websites, set your preferences for future visits and determine whether or not to display standard content. With most internet browsers, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions. Our use of cookies may be essential for our websites to operate.  Therefore, if you disable cookies altogether you may not be able to use all or part of our websites.
Our websites may contain links to other websites that are not owned or operated by us.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices of those websites, or for the content, product or services provided by, or contained on, those websites.
9.            Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance  (USA only)
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act); we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
10.          Changes to this policy
From time to time, we may change our privacy policy. The current policy will be published on our website: www.incitecpivot.com.au. It is your responsibility to check the website periodically in order to determine whether there have been any changes.
You may obtain a copy of our current policy from our website or by contacting us.
11.          Privacy Contact
If you would like access to your personal information, wish to make a complaint relating to privacy or would otherwise like to contact us about this policy, please direct your request to:
In Australia:
The Privacy Officer, Incitec Pivot Limited
Level 8, 28 Freshwater Place
Southbank  VIC  AUSTRALIA  3006
In United States of America:
2795 East Cottonwood Parkway, Suite 500
Salt Lake City, Utah 84121 USA
1-800-732-7534
marketing@am.dynonobel.com
We will seek to resolve any complaint as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event consistent with our obligations under the law.  If your complaint is not satisfactorily resolved, you may have recourse to governmental agencies.  For example, individuals in Australia may apply to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner to have their complaint heard and determined.
Related Articles
Company Profile
Incitec Pivot Limited's Purpose is to make people’s lives better by unlocking the world’s natural resources through innovation on the ground.
16.10.2019