http://www.sgbaker.co.uk/privacy.php
Welcome to our web shop,
Please click here to visit our corporate website
View Basket : £0.00 (0 items)
Login
Home
About Us
Markets
Flood Defence
Sandbags
Quicksandbags
Industrial and Agricultural
Woven polypropylene sacks and bags
Bags for cereals and animal feed
Jute hessian bags and sacks
Jute hessian cloth pieces
Bulk bags (FIBCs)
Bags for Logs and Wood
Potatoes and Other Agricultural Uses
Q Bags
Bulk bags for General Industrial Use
Builders Bags (FIBCs)
Paper sacks and bags
Polythene bags
Net bags
Coal Bags
Valve Sacks
Horticulture
Flower Sleeves
Pot Plant Sleeves
Mailsacks
Mailsacks with Hook Attachments
Food Grade
Food Grade Big Bag FIBCs
Laminated Jute Hessian Bags
Gravure Printed Multi Layer Polypropylene Bags
Non Slip Polypropylene Bags
Polythene Lined Hessian Bags
Wood Fuel Log and Kindling Bags
Ventilated Big Bags for Wood and Logs
Net Bags for Wood or Logs
Barrow Bags for Wood and Logs
Geotextiles and Geogrids
Geotextile Fabric in 100x4.5m rolls
Geogrids in 30-30 & 40-40 constructions
Garden and Household
SPECIAL OFFERS
School Sack Race Sacks
Services
News/blog
Contact Us
Login
View Basket : £0.00 (0 items)
Security Policy and Privacy
Who are we?References in this policy to "we" or "us" are to LC Packaging UK Ltd (company number 1558016 registered office Bridge Road, Long Sutton, Spalding, Lincolnshire PE12 9EF.
Privacy promise
Your privacy is important to us. Any personal details will only be used by LC Packaging to ensure we deliver an excellent service to you and to process and deliver your order.
Cookies
Cookies are files in your web browser that enables us to recognise your computer when you visit our website. In order to shop with us your computer must be set up to receive cookies.
How do we collect your information
We may collect and process information as follows.
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our website.
Details of transactions you carry out through our site and the fulfilment of your orders.
If you contact us we may keep a record of that correspondence.
Disclosure of your information
We may disclose your personal information to third parties if we are legally required to do so.
Worldpay
We use Worldpay to process all card payments. The Worldpay website uses software to provide high level SSL encryption technology, for more information please visit www.worldpay.com.
England Freephone0800 612 9637
Scotland Freephone0800 612 3397
Bookmark, Print & Share
Welcome to our web shop,
Please click here to visit our corporate website
Email: salesgrantham@lcpackaging.com
Copyright © LC Packaging UK Ltd.
| Privacy Policy
| Cookies
| Terms & Conditions
| Website hosted by MTC Media