http://www.topconmedical.com/social-terms.cfm
Welcome Guest,
Login |
Register
About Topcon |
Careers |
Events |
Support |
Contact Us
|
Dealer Locator
Imaging
|
Diagnostics
|
Refractive
|
Surgical
|
Chairs & Stands
|
Connectivity
|
Non-US Products
|
Lasers
Social Media Terms of Use
Topcon Medical Systems, Inc. ("TMS") uses a variety of third-party social
networking websites, communications services, and media channels including,
but not limited to, Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn (collectively,
"Social Media") in order to communicate and interact with customers.
These Social Media Terms of Use (the "Terms") apply to any users accessing
or posting comments, visuals, videos, documents, media, or any other forms
of feedback (collectively, "User Content") on our Social Media channels.
By accessing or posting User Content on or through our Social Media channels,
you agree to comply with these Terms and expressly grant TMS the right to
publish your User Content on such Social Media channels.
1. PRIVACY
We will treat any personal information that you post on or through our
Social Media channels in accordance with our Privacy Policy, available here
http://www.topconmedical.com/privacy.cfm.
You understand that through your use of our Social Media channels you
consent to the collection and use of this information as set forth in the
Privacy Policy.
2. USER CONTENT
You are responsible for any User Content that you provide, including
compliance with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations.
You should
only provide User Content that you are comfortable sharing with others.
User Content may be posted by TMS or third parties.
User Content posted
by TMS is presented in summary form, is general in nature, and is provided
for informational purposes only; it is not intended nor recommended as a
substitute for professional medical advice.
You should not rely on any
User Content to diagnose a health problem or disease.
Always seek the
advice of your physician or other qualified health provider regarding any
medical condition or treatment.
You should never disregard medical advice
or delay in seeking it because of something you have read or seen on our
Social Media channels.
User Content posted by third parties is not necessarily representative of
the thoughts or opinions of TMS or any of our employees or affiliates.
We
make no warranties, whether express or implied, regarding the accuracy,
completeness, usefulness, or reliability of any User Content.
All
third-party User Content is the sole responsibility of the person who
generated such Content, and we assume no liability for any information
published, posted, uploaded, distributed, disseminated, or otherwise
transmitted by third parties
We reserve the right to remove any User Content that we deem, in our sole
discretion, to be unlawful, offensive, or otherwise inappropriate.
This
includes but is not limited to User Content that contains:
unsubstantiated claims about, or discussion of "off-label" or
unapproved/uncleared uses of, our products;
copyright or trademark violations;
photos and/or videos depicting individuals, unless the depicted individual
(and if the depicted individual is a child, the child's parents or legal
guardian) has expressly consented to such use;
inappropriate comments or inferences about our competitors (for example,
disparaging comments, or any statements about their products);
information that is false, inaccurate, or misleading;
medical advice or product usage information;
libel, slander, or defamation of character; and
threats or harassment
Due to various factors, TMS may not be able to ensure prompt removal of all
objectionable User Content posted on or through our Social Media channels.
Accordingly, we assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding
User Content submitted by third parties.
TMS is committed to disclosing the source of any User Content containing
promotions or endorsements of TMS products or services.
If you have a
material connection to TMS (i.e., you obtained any payment, compensation,
or value in connection with your promotion of TMS products) that is not
immediately apparent to other users, your User Content must disclose this
relationship.
This requirement applies to anyone who submits User Content
promoting TMS in connection with some benefit from us, regardless of whether
the user was engaged directly by us or indirectly through third parties
(e.g., consultant networks).
You can choose how to disclose your connection
to TMS as long as it is clear and obvious to other users.
For example,
if you are paid consultant and post on LinkedIn about TMS products or
services, you should include a statement that reads: "Disclosure: I have
received consulting fees from TMS."
We encourage you to disclose your
relationship with us any time you may be in doubt as to whether disclosure
is necessary.
In the event that you engage third parties to promote TMS products or
services (e.g., advertising agencies), you must: (i) ensure they understand
their responsibilities and agree to these Terms prior to the beginning of
the engagement, and (ii) monitor any User Content they post to ensure that
such User Content appropriately informs other users of the third party's
connection to TMS.
We reserve the right to monitor or remove any User
Content promoting our products or services.
By posting User Content on or through our Social Media channels, you grant
TMS a perpetual, royalty-free, worldwide, non-exclusive license (with the
right to sublicense) to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify,
publish, transmit, display, and distribute such User Content in any and
all media or distribution methods (now known or later developed).
You
agree that this license includes TMS's right to make your User Content
available to other companies, organizations, or individuals for the
distribution, promotion, or publication of such Content on other media and
services.
No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your
User Content.
3. USING OUR SOCIAL MEDIA CHANNELS
TMS reserves all rights relating to its Social Media channels, including
but not limited to: (i) adding, removing, or modifying any User Content;
(ii) blocking users at any time for any reason; and (iii) discontinuing
any of our Social Media channels at any time.
TMS also reserves the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any User
Content that we reasonably believe is necessary to: (i) satisfy any applicable
law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; (ii) enforce these
Terms, including investigations of potential violations hereof; (iii) detect,
prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues; (iv)
respond to support requests; or (v) protect the rights, property, or safety
of TMS, users of our Social Media channels, and the general public.
Sometimes we may include links to other third-party websites on our Social
Media channels.
Please note that these links do not represent an endorsement
by TMS of such websites and TMS is not responsible for any third-party websites
that we do not host.
We encourage you to review the privacy policies and terms
of use of any third-party websites to determine how they operate and what your
responsibilities are in connection with accessing those websites.
Any forms of recognition, rating, or communication offered by third-party
Social Media channels (e.g., "Friending" or "Re-Tweeting") do not constitute
TMS's endorsement, approval, or acceptance of any person, organization, entity,
product, service, policy, or belief.
Such ratings or communications shall
not create a business, political, or personal relationship with us, nor
shall they be construed as an offer for employment or any other contract,
whether binding or non-binding, between you and TMS or its affiliated entities.
Please note that TMS does not endorse or use Social Media channels as a
secure means of communication for online business transactions or for
transmitting any sensitive information. For example, you should never
send us any of the following types of information via TMS's Social Media
channels: personal financial information (e.g., your credit card information
or your Social Security number), classified information, privileged information,
or any other private information, including information subject to non-disclosure
agreements.
You agree that we will not be held responsible for the unauthorized
disclosure of any such information if that information was transmitted to us
through one of our Social Media channels.
Although we welcome your thoughts, comments, and suggestions regarding our
products and services, our Social Media channels are not the appropriate place
to resolve specific issues or complaints.
Please report any product concerns
or complaints to our Customer Care Center at 1-866-922-6278 between 8AM to 8PM
EST Monday–Friday or via form submission at the following webpage:
http://www.topconmedical.com/customersupport/.
We reserve the right to contact you if such information is posted on any
of our Social Media channels.
4. DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
Your access to and use of our Social Media channels or any User Content
are at your own risk.
You understand and agree that our Social Media
channels are provided to you on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis.
Without
limiting the foregoing, to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law,
TMS DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. TMS
makes no warranty or representation and disclaims all responsibility and
liability for: (i) the completeness, accuracy, availability, timeliness,
security, or reliability of our Social Media Channels or any User Content;
(ii) any harm to your computer system, loss of data, or other harm that
results from your access to or use of our Social Media Channels or any User
Content; (iii) the deletion of, or the failure to store or to transmit, any
User Content; or (iv) whether our Social Media channels will meet your
requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free
basis.
No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained from
TMS or through our Social Media channels, will create any warranty or
representation not expressly made herein.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, TMS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE
FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES,
OR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUES, WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY,
OR ANY LOSS OF DATA, USE, GOODWILL, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, RESULTING
FROM (i) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE OUR SOCIAL
MEDIA CHANNELS OR ANY USER CONTENT TRANSMITTED THEREIN; (ii) ANY COMMUNICATIONS,
INTERACTIONS, OR MEETINGS WITH OTHER USERS OF OUR SOCIAL MEDIA CHANNELS;
(iii) ANY USER CONTENT OBTAINED FROM OUR SOCIAL MEDIA CHANNELS, INCLUDING
WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL USER CONTENT OF
OTHER USERS OR THIRD PARTIES; OR (iv) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE OR ALTERATION
OF YOUR USER CONTENT.
THE LIMITATIONS OF THIS SUBSECTION SHALL APPLY TO ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, STATUTE, TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT TMS HAS BEEN INFORMED
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGE, AND EVEN IF A REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN
IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
YOUR SOLE REMEDY FOR
DISSATISFACTION WITH ANY OF OUR SOCIAL MEDIA CHANNELS, RELATED SERVICES,
AND/OR LINKED WEBSITES IS TO STOP USING THE RELEVANT SOCIAL MEDIA CHANNELS
AND/OR SERVICES.
5. GENERAL
We may revise these Terms from time to time. The changes will not be
retroactive, and the most current version of the Terms will govern our
relationship with you.
You agree to review the Terms periodically to be
aware of any changes.
By continuing to access or use our Social Media
Channels after any changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the
revised Terms.
The most current version of the Terms will always be
available at http://www.topconmedical.com/social-terms.cfm.
The laws of the State of New Jersey, excluding its choice of law provisions,
will govern these Terms and any dispute that arises between you and TMS.
All disputes related to these Terms or our Social Media channels will be
brought solely in the federal courts located in Essex County, New Jersey
or the state courts located in Bergen County, New Jersey.
By agreeing to
these Terms, you consent to personal jurisdiction and waive any objection
as to inconvenient forum.
In addition to these Terms, our Social Media engagement with you is governed
by the policies and/or terms of use or service of the applicable Social Media
channel with which you are interacting (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, or LinkedIn).
We encourage you to review these policies to better understand your responsibilities
and obligations when you interact with us via our Social Media channels.
Your failure to comply with such policies or these Terms may result in the
termination of your access to our Social Media channels, in addition to any
potential civil or criminal liability.
In the event that any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or
unenforceable, then that provision will be limited or eliminated to the
minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these Terms
will remain in full force and effect.
TMS’s failure to enforce any right
or provision of these Terms will not be deemed a waiver of such right or provision.
These Terms are an agreement between you and Topcon Medical Systems, Inc.,
111 Bauer Drive, Oakland, New Jersey 07436 U.S.A.
If you have any questions
about these Terms, please contact us here:
http://www.topconmedical.com/customersupport/.
Last updated: January 2019
Topcon Medical Systems, Inc.
111 Bauer Drive
Oakland, NJ 07436
G: 800.223.1130
P: 201.599.5100
F: 201.599.5250
Support: 866.922.6278
Terms of Use |
Social Media Terms of Use |
Privacy Policy |
Conformance |
Global Gateway
© 2020 Topcon Corporation