http://www.hopeswindows.com/about-us/privacy-policy/
be_ixf; php_sdk; php_sdk_1.4.18
23 ms
iy_2020; im_12; id_10; ih_23; imh_06; i_epoch:1607670378633
ixf-compiler; ixf-compiler_1.0.0.0
py_2020; pm_01; pd_30; ph_11; pmh_18; p_epoch:1580411894648
link-block; link-block_link-block; bodystr
pn_tstr:Thu Jan 30 11:18:14 PST 2020; pn_epoch:1580411894648
0 ms
be_ixf; php_sdk; php_sdk_1.4.18
https://hopeswindows.com/privacy-policy/
https://hopeswindows.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY AGREEMENT
Hope’s Windows, Inc. (HOPE’S) is committed to keeping any and all personal information collected of those individuals that visit our website and make use of our online services accurate, confidential, secure and private.
Therefore, this Privacy Policy Agreement shall apply to HOPE’S and any company division listed below, and thus it shall govern any and all data collection and usage thereof. Through the use of hopeswindows.com and any affiliated website listed below, you are herein consenting to the following data procedures expressed within this agreement.
COMPANY DIVISION
Hope’s Correctional Window Systems
AFFILIATED WEBSITE
hopescorrectional.com
Collection of Information
This website collects various types of information, such as:
Voluntarily provided information – May include your name, address, phone number, or email address, which may be used to contact you regarding question, comment or request for information about our products, services, and business.
Information automatically collected when visiting our website – May include cookies, third-party analytic technologies, and server logs.
This website shall only collect personally identifiable information that you knowingly and willingly provide by way of completed forms. The information collected via various online forms will be sent to Hope’s Windows, Inc. in Jamestown, New York, USA solely for the purpose of replying to your question, comment or request. The information will not be stored in a database on this website server.
We make an effort to collect the minimum amount of data necessary to provide a complete service via our website.
We may gather information about the type of browser or operating system you are using in order to assist in providing the best user experience.
Use of Information Collected
Hope’s Windows, Inc. may collect and make use of personal information to ensure delivery of the services you need and request. Such information may be entered into our Customer Relationship Management (CRM) software, at HOPE’S discretion, to continue to provide great customer service.
HOPE’S does not now, nor will it in the future, sell, rent, lease, or give any of our customer names or information to any third parties.
HOPE’S may disclose your personal information, without prior notice to you, only if required to do so in accordance with applicable laws and/or in a good faith belief that such action is deemed necessary in an effort to: maintain, safeguard, and/or preserve the rights and/or property of HOPE’S; and perform under demanding conditions in an effort to safeguard the personal safety of users of hopeswindows.com and/or the general public.
Children Under the Age of 13
Hope’s Windows, Inc. does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (13) without verifiable parental consent. If it is determined that such information has been inadvertently collected on anyone under the age of thirteen (13), we shall immediately take the necessary steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our Customer Relationship Management (CRM) software. Anyone under the age of thirteen (13) must seek and obtain parent or guardian permission to use this website.
Unsubscribe or Opt-Out
All users and/or visitors to our website have the option to discontinue receiving communication from us. To discontinue or unsubscribe from HOPE’S communications, please send an email detailing that you wish to unsubscribe to info@hopeswindows.com. If you wish to unsubscribe or opt-out from any third-party websites you must go to that specific website to unsubscribe and/or opt-out.
Links to Other Websites
Our website does contain links to affiliate and other websites. HOPE’S does not claim nor accept responsibility for any privacy policies, practices and/or procedures of other such websites. Therefore, we encourage all users and visitors to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy Agreement applies only and solely to the information collected by hopeswindows.com.
Security
Hope’s Windows, Inc. takes precautions to maintain adequate physical, procedural and technical security with respect to our offices and information storage facilities so as to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of the user’s personal information under our control.
HOPE’S also uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) for authentication and private communications in an effort to build users’ trust and confidence in the use of our website by providing simple and secure access and communication of personal information.
Changes to Privacy Policy Agreement
Hope’s Windows, Inc. reserves the right to update and/or change the terms of our privacy policy, and as such we will post those changes to our website at hopeswindows.com, so that our users and/or visitors are always aware of the type of information we collect, how it will be used, and under what circumstances, if any, we may disclose such information. If at any point in time HOPE’S decides to make use of any personally identifiable information on file, in a manner vastly different from that which was stated when this information was initially collected, the user or users shall be promptly notified by email. Users at that time shall have the option as to whether or not to permit the use of their information in this separate manner.
Acceptance of Terms
Through the use of this website, you are hereby accepting the terms and conditions stipulated within the aforementioned Privacy Policy Agreement. If you are not in agreement with our terms and conditions, then you should refrain from further use of our sites. In addition, your continued use of our website following the posting of any updates or changes to our terms and conditions shall mean that you are in agreement and acceptance of such changes.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the Privacy Policy Agreement related to our website, please feel free to contact us at the following email, telephone number or mailing address.
EMAIL: info@hopeswindows.com
TELEPHONE: +1 (716) 665-5124
MAILING ADDRESS:
Hope’s Windows, Inc.
PO Box 580
Jamestown, NY 14702-0580
6-11-2018
MenuAbout Hope’sThe Hope’s DifferenceOur StoryOur HistoryOur CraftsmenCareer OpportunitiesMeet Our TeamContact Us CLOSEWhy Steel?Why Choose Steel or Bronze?Thermal Steel Windows with Thermal Evolution™ TechnologyPower of 5 Finishing SystemEnvironmental ImpactProven Performance CLOSESupportSales SupportMeet Our TeamContact UsDownloadsDrawings and SpecificationsBrochuresSafety Data SheetsHelp CLOSEAIA Continuing EducationWindow CareHope’s Resource CLOSEMediaPress ReleasesCase StudiesProject Highlights CLOSESelect a ProductBy Window or Door ApplicationSteel and Bronze Windows and Doors for Luxury Homes – Whether selecting bronze or steel, Hope’s window and door products add beauty, sophistication and lasting value to luxury homes, from traditional to contemporary.Steel Windows and Doors for Commercial and Educational Buildings – The superior strength and durability associated with Hope’s steel windows and doors make these products an ideal selection for public and high-traffic applications.Steel Window Replacement for Historic Buildings – Through custom design and manufacturing, Hope’s replicates the traditional aesthetic of historic buildings while upgrading performance and efficiency to modern standards.Interior Steel Windows and Doors – Hope’s custom builds doors and walls of windows with incredibly narrow sightlines for interiors that define and separate spaces without blocking natural light and create airy, inviting spaces within.Thermal Steel Windows with Thermal Evolution™ Technology – Hope’s patented Thermal Evolution technology is a breakthrough solution for steel windows to meet stringent energy efficiency standards without undermining the structural integrity of steel.Hurricane and Impact Rated Bronze and Steel Windows and Doors – Designed to protect against hurricane winds and flying debris, Hope’s impact-rated windows and doors are fully tested and certified to IBC, IRC, FBC, and Miami-Dade County standards.Blast, Bullet, and Fire Rated Steel Windows and Doors – Designed to provide life-saving protection by maintaining structural integrity and mitigating the hazardous effects of fire, smoke and flying debris in high-risk, secure or public areas during a disastrous event.Correctional and Behavioral Health – Hope’s combines a long life-cycle with low maintenance, energy efficiency, daylighting, and airflow features to provide the best value in secure window systems for minimum to maximum security facilities. CLOSEBy Window or Door TypeWINDOWSFixed WindowsProjected and Casement WindowsTop Hung WindowsSingle Hung WindowsHorizontal Pivoted WindowsVertical Pivoted WindowsDOORSSwing DoorsPivot DoorsSlide & Fold DoorsLift & Slide DoorsHot-rolled Slider DoorsDoor: PocketDoor: ScreenSKYLIGHTSCustom Formed Skylights CLOSEBy Shape or ProfileJamestown175™ SeriesLandmark175™ SeriesUniversity Series™One55™ Series5000 Series™Hopkins Series™Empire Bronze™
Jamestown175™ SeriesEmpire Bronze™ 5000 Series™ CLOSE CLOSE
Inactive Modal
Inactive Modal
Join our Newsletter
We'll send you newsletters with news, tips & tricks. No spams here.