http://www.kochfilter.com/content/privacy%20policy
CORPORATE
About Us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Careers
PRODUCTS
Pleated Filters
Rigid Filters
HEPA Filters
Industrial Cartridge Filters
Disposable Filters
Carbon and Gas Phase Filters
Maxi-Grid Panel Filters
Cube and Pocket Filters
Automatic Roll Filters
Multi-Sak Filters
Paint Spray Booth
Bulk and Media Pads
Frames and Housings
Air Cleaner Equipment
APPLICATIONS
Airports
Automotive
Cannabis Industry
Clean Rooms
Commercial
Data Centers
Education
Firing Ranges
Food Production
Gas Phase
Gas Turbine
Hospital
Hospitality
Industrial Coating Applicaions
Industrial
Industrial Cartridge Filters
Microelectronics
Mining
Museums
Pharmaceutical
Sports Arenas
Swine
Site Survey
RESOURCES
Featured Literature
Product Brochures
Special Order Submittals
Technical Data
Specifications
Cross Reference
Filter Change Stickers
Credit Application
CONTACT US
Credit Request
Privacy Policy
CUSTOMER INFORMATION REGARDING RESPONSE to COVID-19
As part of Johnson Controls, we are committed to the health and safety of all employees, customers, partners and the communities we serve. As the situation around COVID-19 (Coronavirus)
continues to evolve it is important that we are prepared to manage the impact of the virus.
Johnson Controls is actively implementing local and regional contingency plans across the globe to ensure that our
teams are available to support and meet the needs of our customers and other stakeholders, while ensuring our employees’ health and safety remains a priority.
We are continuing to monitor the situation and are prepared to respond promptly as the situation changes, and therefore the plans outlined in this document will be continually reviewed and updated as needed.
Travel
Johnson Controls has decided as a proactive and precautionary measure to restrict all non-customer critical and non-business critical air travel, international and domestic, for our employees.
This proactive decision has been made to ensure that we follow WHO guidance on travel to restricted countries, remain focused on Zero Harm to minimize any unnecessary risk to our employees in the course of their daily work, and extends our support for public health efforts to contain the virus.
Business Continuity Planning
Business Continuity Planning teams have been activated regionally for all Johnson Controls businesses and offices. We continue to keep the safety and well-being of our employees paramount, and our EHS, Security and HR teams are proactively monitoring regional changes regarding COVID-19. In each of our Business Units and regions escalation plans have been put in place to protect our employees, customers and visitors as part of our standard business continuity plans and ensure that appropriate precautionary measures are being taken.
Containment
Employees who have potentially been exposed, regardless of where or how, are requested to report so immediately, and we have provided subsequent guidance to all of our leaders, HR teams and employees on the process. The potentially exposed employee is expected to seek medical advice, so they can be appropriately screened / tested for COVID-19 infection. Control measures to prevent further spreading will include, as appropriate: thorough workplace disinfection, preventive quarantining and notification of all internal and external contacts (incl. recent customer contacts).
Visitors to our facilities
We have implemented new requirements for all visitors at Johnson Controls sites to ensure we have greater visibility of potential risks. If a person has visited a region that has experienced an outbreak of COVID-19 (for example China or Italy) or has been in close proximity to an individual that could be infected by the virus, they should not visit a Johnson Controls site for a period of at least 14 days after leaving the region affected, or the last contact with the individual that could be a carrier of the virus. Visitors to a Johnson Controls site may be asked to confirm compliance with these requirements prior to being granted access to the location.
Hygiene and Sanitization
To meet our commitment to the health and safety of employees, we have implemented guidance for all global employees on the preventative actions they can take to minimize the risk of infection. This guidance includes hand washing, respiratory hygiene and cough etiquette to avoid transmission of a contagious virus.
As a further prevention action, the frequency of cleaning and sanitization activities at our facilities globally is being increased to minimize the risk of exposure as the situation evolves.
You should also be aware that Johnson Controls sites within or close to regions that have experienced an outbreak of COVID-19 may have additional controls or restrictions in place to minimize any unnecessary risk to our employees in the course of their daily work, and extend our support for public health efforts to contain the virus.
Thank you for your continued support.
Documents
ASHRE COVID 19 Guidance
PROTECTING YOUR INFORMATION
Koch Filter is committed to protecting your personal information in accordance with fair
information practices and applicable data privacy laws.
To access the privacy notice in its entirety, please visit our parent site, Johnson Controls.
Copyright 2020 Koch Filter
8401 Air Commerce Drive, Louisville, KY 40219
800-757-5624 (toll free)  |  502-634-4796 (local)  |  502-969-2364 (fax)
info@kochfilter.com
Copyright 2020 Koch Filter
8401 Air Commerce Drive, Louisville, KY 40219
800-757-5624 (toll free)
502-634-4796 (local)
502-969-2364 (fax)
info@kochfilter.com