https://www.caseit.com/privacy-policy/
This privacy statement describes the policies and practices of Beaux Merzon, Inc. t/d/a Case-it, referred to herein as “Case-it”, in collecting, using, and safeguarding the private information that may be obtained through use of each company’s products, services and websites. Questions about this privacy policy may be submitted by an email to [email address here]. This privacy policy applies to each of the Case-it entities, but not to Case-it’s partners or affiliates, which may have separate privacy policies.
**Your personal information (ie: telephone number, age, address) will not be shared with third parties or will not be sold to third parties.
Information Collection
Personal information is collected from customers only after obtaining consent, which is obtained when customers are prompted for information when purchasing products, by using Case-it’s website, or requesting further information. Personally-identifiable information is not collected when a user simply browses the website. Case-it may contact customers about offers and opportunities from Case-it or its business partners, to conduct surveys, and gather feedback. This privacy statement does not extend to any information that is beyond the control of Case-it.
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at www.caseit.com.
HERE ARE THE TYPES OF INFORMATION WE GATHER:
What You Send Us
Any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way is stored by us. That information allows you to take advantage of many of our features. You can choose to not provide us with that information if you wish. However, please note that this information is used for responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our store, and communicating with you.
Automatic Collections
Whenever you interact with us we store information. Like many websites, we use “cookies,” and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses Caseit.com. A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit websites anonymously. However, if we cannot recognize you, we will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience at Caseit.com.
Other sources We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on a computer’s hard disk containing information about the owner. Case-it may employ the use of cookies for measuring the success of advertising and affiliate network membership. Our partners may use cookies. Case-it does not exercise any access or control of such cookies.
Case-it websites may use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”), as well as its own customized analytics software to evaluate the use of the Case-it site. These analytics may place third party cookie on your computer that is then used to compile reports of visitor traffic and internet usage. Google analytics does not have a database of individual profiles for each visitor and only collects aggregate data.
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to disable, prevent and notify about cookies. You can stop your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as alert you to any new cookies. However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of the coolest features on www.Caseit.com and we recommend that you leave them turned on.
HERE IS WHAT WE GATHER INFORMATION FOR:
Services
Enrolling in Case-it subscription mailing list or informational list may require a customer to provide certain personal information and enter into a separate agreement. Nothing herein is intended to modify the terms in any separate subscriber agreement.
Product Purchase
Purchasing a product will often require the input of personal information. This information will be used by Case-it or its affiliates to contact the customer about Case-it products and services, including product updates and associated promotional material. This information may also be used as collated general demographic information to improve Case-it’s products and services.
Log Files
Case-it uses log files comprising of non-personally identifiable information to analyze trends, administer the site, track movements throughout the site, calculate the number of document and file downloads, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
E-mail Communications
We received a confirmation when you open e-mail from Caseit.com if your computer supports such capabilities. We also may use this information to compare and assess our customer lists in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to users.
Sharing
Case-it will share aggregated demographic and other information with our partners and affiliates. Information provided to Case-it will be protected by Case-it and not sold or rented to any unrelated third parties without the express consent of the information provider, except that Case-it may disclose data to its affiliates and business partners who have established similar privacy standards, when legally obligated to do so, or if disclosure is required to protect the rights over Case-it BMI, Case-it BMI’s customers, or the users of Case-it BMI’s services. Case-it may also share aggregate demographic data that does not contain any personally identifiable information.
External Links
The Case-it website contains links to external websites which are outside the scope of this privacy statement. Case-it is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites and does not control the accuracy of information displayed by such websites.
Social Tools and Mobile Applications
Personal information submitted or shared through digital and social media tools including a forum, bulletin board, personal profile, testimonial, Facebook, Twitter, chat room, survey, order form or mobile or web-based application operated by Case-it may be collected, used, and read by third parties, including other users. Case-it is not responsible for any information submitted through these services. We occasionally request information from customers via surveys and order forms. Participation in these customer surveys and order requests is voluntary. Survey information is used to improve this web site and our services and products.
Security
Case-it protects information both online and off-line. The transmission of information, including any payment information, is encrypted and protected using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). Stored customer information is kept in a secure environment where access is restricted to employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example billing administration or the development team). Employees are required to use password-protected screen-savers and keep their computers up-to-date.
Remarketing Advertisements
Third party vendors, including Google and Facebook, may show Case-it ads on sites on the Internet and use cookies to serve our ads based on a user’s prior visits to Caseit.com. Users may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page. Additionally, users can opt out of a third party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt out page.
HERE IS WHO CASE-IT SHARES INFORMATION WITH:
Customer information is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only as described below and with subsidiaries Case-it controls that either are subject to this Privacy Policy or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Policy.
Agents
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but may not use it for other purposes. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service.
Business Partners
As with all businesses that are growing, we may buy or sell businesses and business assets. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Policy (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, if Case-it, or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Law Enforcement and Creditors
When release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Caseit.com, our users, or others, we release certain information. This includes fraud protection and credit risk reduction. However, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of this Privacy Policy.
HERE’S WHAT ELSE YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT PRIVACY
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
HOW SECURE IS MY INFORMATION?
As noted above in “Security,” we work to protect your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software. Only five digits of your credit card number are revealed when printing an order confirmation. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing. It is your responsibility to protect against unauthorized access to your account and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
WHAT CAN I DO TO PROTECT MY PRIVACY?
You can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of Caseit.com features. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. However, you will not be able to use important features if you do not use cookies. In addition, the Federal Trade Commission provides useful information about online privacy on its own website,
Site Seeing on the Internet http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/conline/pubs/online/sitesee.htm
CAN I OPT-OUT OF SERVICES AT ANY TIME?
Customers may occasionally receive information on products, services, and special deals from Case-it or may receive informational newsletters. Customers are given the opportunity to ‘opt- out’ of having information used for purposes not directly related to the Case-it service at the point where the information is requested. Customers may also elect not to receive additional promotional communications using the opt-out link provided in each promotional email or by emailing customerservise@caseit.com, lisa.bogut@caseit.com Customers may not opt-out of receiving service announcement updates as they contain important security information about the services.
HOW ARE CHILDREN PROTECTED ON THE SITE?
Case-it does not sell products for purchase by children under the age of 18. We sell children’s products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18 and over the age of 13, you may use Caseit.com only with the involvement of a parent or guardian but you may not make purchases or enter contests, sweepstakes or respond to promotions without a parent or guardian’s involvement.
WHAT IF THE PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES?
Case-it reserves the right to amend this privacy statement at any time. Any amendment will be made by posting the changes to the website. Customers must check the website periodically to be aware of any changes to the privacy statement. Your continued use of the website or Case-it product or service constitutes your acceptance of those changes.
AM I PROTECTED FROM COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT?
Case-it respects the intellectual property of others.
If you believe that your copyrighted work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement and is accessible on this site, you may notify our copyright agent as set forth in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (DMCA). For your complaint to be valid under the DMCA, you must provide the following information when providing notice of the claimed copyright infringement:
* A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed.
* Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of the infringing activity and that is to be removed.
* Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address.
* A statement that the complaining party “in good faith believes that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or law”.
* A statement that the “information in the notification is accurate”, and “under penalty of perjury, the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed”.
The above information must be submitted as a written or emailed notification to the following Designated Agent:
Case-it Customer Service
1050 Valley Brook Ave
Lyndhurst, NJ
07071 customer.service@caseit.com, lisa.bogut@caseit.com
WE CAUTION YOU THAT UNDER FEDERAL LAW, IF YOU KNOWINGLY MISREPRESENT THAT ONLINE MATERIAL IS INFRINGING, YOU MAY BE SUBJECT TO HEAVY CIVIL PENALTIES. THESE INCLUDE MONETARY DAMAGES, COURT COSTS, AND ATTORNEYS’ FEES INCURRED BY US, BY ANY COPYRIGHT OWNER, OR BY ANY COPYRIGHT OWNER’S LICENSEE THAT IS INJURED AS A RESULT OF OUR RELYING UPON YOUR MISREPRESENTATION. YOU MAY ALSO BE SUBJECT TO CRIMINAL PROSECUTION FOR PERJURY.
This information should not be construed as legal advice, for further details on the information required for valid DMCA notifications, see 17 U.S.C. 512(c)(3).
Case-it knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting Caseit.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Close
Cart					(0)
No products in the cart.
Search
Close
Search Result
View All
Case-it
0
Shop
Case-it TV
Customize
Blog
About Us
Shopping Cart
0
Sign In
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest