http://www.kimmel.com/legal/privacy-policy
Updated: November 2018The Kimmel & Associates Commitment to PrivacyKimmel & Associates is committed to protecting your privacy. We understand the sensitive nature of making a career change and have taken comprehensive steps to ensure a completely confidential process. The information you submit to us remains private and is used only for the purpose as set forth herein. Our consultants regard honesty, objectivity, accuracy and confidentiality as fundamental to their relationship with candidates.The information we collect:Kimmel & Associates collects personal information from its users who register: name, address, phone number(s), email addresses of the registered candidate or company, the nature of its business, etc. Personal contact information or work history gathered through the candidate registration process will be used to by our Associates/Recruiters to contact you regarding job openings and to determine whether or not we think you might be interested in a position we are attempting to fill for a client.Who receives your information: Candidate information is made available to Kimmel & Associates’; recruiters who review your work history and resume in order to determine whether or not you are a match for current or future job opportunities with a client company. Your information will not be shared with other recruiters or organizations outside of Kimmel & Associates, unless you have indicated that you are interested in being part of a job board or being made available for contract work. Only then will we share your information with our trustworthy partners and sister companies.Modifying candidate information:After completing the registration process and creating a username and password, candidates will have the ability to update or modify their profile. Always strive to be accurate in all communications with us and with all information provided to us.Cookies: Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies allow sites to ‘remember’ users across the pages of a site and across multiple visits to a site. No secure information or information about your personal identity is ever contained within our cookies. Your web browser is most likely set to automatically accept cookies, but you can consult your browser help file if you wish to change these settings. We use cookies if you choose to register with us in order to record session information in order to provide better service while you are visiting and when you return to our site.Changes to Privacy Policy: This Privacy Policy may be modified periodically. Updates will automatically appear on this page. To ensure that you are familiar with any modifications, view this Privacy Policy periodically.Contact Information: If you have questions, comments or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.