http://www.rfidinc.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Any personal information that an individual provides to us, such as your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address, will not be sold, rented, or knowingly released to any entities or individuals outside of our organization except as specifically described in this Privacy Policy.
The only personal information we collect about you is the information you voluntarily provide us when you purchase products or services from us or when you complete “Contact Us” information form on the Site.  By providing personal information to us, you consent to our use of such information for purposes of (i) responding to you with information concerning the products and services you have purchased or in which you have expressed an interest, (ii) subscribing you to our newsletter or other RFID alerts, (iii) responding to any inquiries you submit to us, and (iv) any other lawful purpose for which you authorize us to use the information.  If you do not consent to these potential uses, you should not provide any information to us.
We May Share Your Personal Information with:
Our Business Partners We may be required to share your personal information with companies (including our affiliates) that perform services on our behalf, or for whom we perform services, for example, companies that provide products or services to us for inclusion in the products and services we provide to you.  We ask these business partners to protect the confidentiality of the personal information we share with them and to use it only in accordance with this policy but we cannot guarantee that they always honor our request.  If we determine that a business partner is misusing your personal information, we may discontinue doing business with that business partner or take other steps to enforce our policy.
Business Transfers Your personal information may be transferred to another entity (either an affiliated entity or an unrelated third party) in connection with a business combination or other corporate level transaction or relationship between us and such entity, like a merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar corporate event. In any such case, the entity to whom we transfer the information will still be subject to this Privacy Policy.
Government and Legal Disclosures  We may disclose the personal information we collect through the Site, when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law (such as a court order or subpoena); to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements that govern your use of the Site or our relationship; or to protect the rights, property or safety of our company, our users, our customers, or others.
External Sites
We are not responsible for the content of third party external internet sites even if we provide links or other information concerning those external sites on the Site. You are advised to read the privacy policy of external sites before disclosing any personal information.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that is placed on your computer or other device when you visit a website. Cookies are widely used in order to make websites work or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide reporting information. A cookie may have unique identifiers and reside, among other places, on your device, in emails we send to you, and on the Site.  Cookies themselves do not contain any personal information, and we do not use cookies to collect personal information or to track your online activities other than when you are on the Site.  Cookies may be used by third-party content providers, such as news-feeds, that may be linked to the Site, but we disclaim any knowledge of, or responsibility for, the operation or effect of such third-party cookies.
Data Retention
We keep your personal information only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was provided to us unless the law requires or permits us to retain that information for a longer period. For example, we may need to keep some of your personal data for quality assurance for our Site or to defend ourselves against potential legal claims by regulators, tax authorities or private parties.  We also may retain aggregated information that includes some of your personal information, even after your account has been closed.  Please note that copies of information that you have updated, modified, or deleted may continue to reside in our systems for a period of time, and we may maintain copies of the prior information as part of our business records.
Account Termination
You can deactivate your account or ask us to delete your personal information at any time by making a written request through the Site.  You should use the Contact Us form on the Site to make the request.  When you deactivate your account, your transaction history and other contacts with us will no longer be viewable on the Site but may still be available to you upon request if we retain them. If you request permanent closure and deletion of your account, no such records will be available to you and we will retain your personal information only if and to the extent we are required to do so by law.
Data Security
We use reasonable and appropriate measures to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal information.  While we will always do our best to protect your personal information, it is unfortunately true that any website may be hacked or unauthorized access to information on the website may be obtained by hackers.  We therefore cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to us.
European Economic Area Visitors
If you are a resident of, or currently located in, the EEA, you may have additional rights with respect to your personal information as a result of the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) and other similar laws.  This section of the Privacy Policy explains how we seek to protect and enforce the rights of “EEA Persons” and others under the GDPR and similar laws.
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Information (European Economic Area).  Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information provided to us generally, including but not limited to that provided by EEA Persons, will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.  We collect and use your information for a variety of business purposes that are in our legitimate interests, namely, to enter into or perform a sales transaction or other contract with you, to comply with our legal obligations or otherwise with your express consent.
EEA Persons can determine the specific legal grounds we rely on to process your information for any particular purpose (including any legitimate interests we have to process this information), by inquiring of us via the Contact Us form on the Site. For example, we rely on our legitimate interests to process personal information you provide to us for direct marketing purposes and for fraud prevention and detection, provided these interests are not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
Your Data Protection Rights Individuals in or from the EEA and some other regions may have certain rights in relation to your personal information, including the right to access, correct, update, or request deletion of your personal information. RFID takes reasonable steps to ensure that the data we collect is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete, and up to date.  EEA Persons also can request a copy of the personal information that we have for you by using the Contact Us form on the Site.  You can also use the Contact Us form to ask us about accessing, correcting, updating, or deleting your personal information, or altering your data or marketing preferences, even if you did not use the Site and your personal information was provided to us by a third party.
EEA Persons can object to any processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information, or request that we port your personal information to a third party. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us via the Contact Us form on the Site. You also can deactivate your account and obtain a copy of any personal information we have about you by the same means.
You can complain to a GDPR data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA and Switzerland are available here. http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm
Similarly, if we have collected and processed the personal information of an EEA Person with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
All Visitors
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with the data protection laws applicable to each visitor to the Site. Because these laws differ, however, we may ask you to verify your identity, residence and location in order to respond efficiently to your request.
Effective May 25, 2018
Copyright © 2020 RFID, Inc. - All rights reserved.
Sitemap PRIVACY POLICY Terms & Conditions