http://www.rmahq.org/rma-cookie-policy/
Close
Login
eMentor
Xchange
RMA Europe
Contact RMA
Shopping Cart
Search Options:
Go
Or
Search by Discipline
Home
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
As of May 9, 2018
Most websites you visit will use cookies in order
to improve your user experience. RMA is no different in this regard.  RMA
uses cookies to administer our website, analyze trends, track users’ movements
around the website, and to gather demographic information about the website
user base.
What are cookies? Why are they
used?
A cookie is a small file or amount of data generated by a website that is saved by your web browser.  A cookie allows the website to remember information about you, your preferences or the contents of your shopping cart.   Each cookie is unique to your web browser
and will contain some specific, anonymous identifiers that register your use of the website and track your activity within the website.
Cookies are beneficial to RMA, like other website hosts, because they allow us to know which pages you are looking at and how long you have stayed on certain pages relative to others.  From a marketing perspective, cookies are important to RMA because they allow us to obtain information about our user’s tastes and
preferences and permit us to see how many people are visiting our website on a daily basis.
To learn more about cookies, please visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
Types of cookies used
on our website
Cookies last for different lengths of time depending on what they are used for.  Our website features three types of cookies, “session” cookies, “permanent” cookies and “third party” cookies, each of which is described below.
“Session” or
“temporary” cookies which are attached to your computer or mobile device when you visit and browse our website.   For example, we use the session cookie AWSELB in order to manage page loading response times on our website to optimize your user experience.  Session cookies are
stored only until you leave our website or close your web browser.  We use session cookies on our website so that you can continue using our website without losing anything in your shopping cart.
“Permanent” cookies, unlike session cookies, do not terminate when you leave our website or close your browser. Instead, the permanent cookies used on our website last for a defined period of time, set within the particular cookie. All information that
these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous, and is only used to improve how our website and enhance our users’ experience.  Permanent cookies permit our website to recognize your computer or mobile device again when you return to visit our
website on that particular computer or mobile device again so that you don’t have to log in again.  We also use permanent cookies to understand the behavior of the users of our website over time so that we can make improvements in content and functionality.
“Third party” cookies are installed on our website by an organization other than RMA, for example, through advertisements or banners for third-party products or services present on our website.  Third party cookies are also present in the social media “buttons” found on our website such as for
LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter.   We also use third party cookies on our website to operate or to target or deliver advertising.  RMA uses Google Analytics cookies to track information about a your visit to our website, including your IP address; the time and length of your visit; the pages that you viewed; and the visit
source/referring site and time zone. We use this information to check the usefulness of our website and help us improve it and so enhance your experience.  To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
How
you can block or restrict cookies
You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer or mobile device and prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit our website and some services and functionalities may not work.
All major browsers – including Google Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer and Safari -- allow you to change your cookie settings - for example you can set up your web browser to inform you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. You can
usually find these settings in the 'options' or 'preferences' menu of your browser. To understand these settings, the following links may be helpful, or you can use the 'Help' option in your browser for further assistance:
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer and Edge: Cookie settings in Firefox: Cookie settings in Google Chrome:  chrome://settings/content/cookies  Cookie settings in Safari web and iOS
You can change your user settings in your browser to prevent us storing cookies on your device. You can find out how to do this, and find more information on cookies, at:
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/stop-cookies-installed.html
© 2015-2019 The Risk Management Association. All rights reserved.
Join. Engage. Lead.
Welcome!
Close
Log in so
we can talk to YOU.
By entering your user ID (which is your work email most of the time) and password on the website, we can enhance each visit to make it more
beneficial for you.
Here's how:
Personalized experience so you decide what you see on the website.
Access to members-only content (if you are an RMA member).
"Your" pricing displayed on RMA products, events, and services.
Please sign in
Username/Email
Password
Submit
Forgot Password
First time User