http://www.thisisplanb.com/terms-and-conditions
icon_instagram
Created with Sketch.
icon_twitter
Created with Sketch.
icon_linkedin
Created with Sketch.
Fill 1
Created with Sketch.
icon_facebook
Created with Sketch.
As an experienced, digitally-driven operation, we're still operating at light-speed and are fully accessible during business hours (8am-5pm CST)...even when working from home. Need something quick? Need something awesome? Don't delay. We won't.
HELP US HELP YOU
Confirm you're not a robot by providing us with a few human details, and we'll shoot back a directory of agency folks to the rescue!
Homepage - Announcement - Download directory
If you are human, leave this field blank.
Full name
Email address
Phone number
reCAPTCHA
Submit
OK, you ready? Now, first...relax. Take a deep breath. Clear your mind. That's it. Feeling good? Excellent. Now, picture your greatest business challenge. But keep breathing! Good.
Now, picture yourself on a sunny beach, waves collapsing into foam at your feet. Suddenly, your greatest business challenge tumbles over in the surf ahead of you...a worn cargo crate with “ASAP” emblazoned on it. Now look at your hands. Yes, that's a sledgehammer (with the letter “B” etched into the handle).
Ready to let loose on your greatest business challenge?
SWING THAT HAMMER
Marketing spend POV download
You hear that voice inside your head? The one that's also jamming an elbow into your side with an urgently stage-whispered, “No! No! Don't click the link!” Ask yourself if it's the same voice responsible for your involuntary celibacy in college. Because what if this isn't just clickbait? What if this link is actually your link to the information you need to make better, more informed decisions about your marketing budget? Clicking may just change your fortunes for the better. So the question becomes...do you take a risk, or risk not taking one?
If you are human, leave this field blank.
Full name
Email address
Phone number
reCAPTCHA
Get the free POV >
Work
Case Studies
About
Team
Contact
Video Testimonials
Careers
The B-eat
B’s Give Back
Social
CRM
Privacy Policy
1. PLAN B COMMITS TO PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.
Plan B is committed to protect your personal data and your privacy. We encourage you to carefully read this Data Protection Policy, which informs you of our data protection and privacy practices and the way your personal data are collected online and used by Plan B.
This policy will be readily available on our home page and at the bottom of each page of this Website. Plan B strongly supports the fundamental rights to privacy and Data Protection, as well as compliance with national and international privacy laws. Plan B commits to maintain confidential any personal data and to strictly limit any disclosure in accordance with applicable local laws and regulations. This policy is applicable to all Plan B Group entities for the collection, processing, use, transmission, transfer and storage of personal data unless a national legislation imposes to some of them specific data protection rules.
2. HOW WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Plan B respects the rights of each individual or candidate to have his privacy and personal data protected. Plan B will observe the following principles when processing your personal data:
Processing your personal data fairly, lawfully and in a transparent manner.
Collecting your personal data for specified, legitimate purposes and not processing further in ways incompatible with those purposes.
Collecting your personal data which is relevant to and not excessive for the purposes for which it is collected and used. We may render personal data anonymous when feasible and appropriate, depending on the nature of the data and the risks associated with the intended uses.
Maintaining your personal data accurate, and where necessary, kept up-to-date. We will take reasonable steps to rectify or delete data that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Keeping your personal data only as long as it is necessary for the purposes for which it was collected and processed.
Processing your personal data in accordance with the individual’s legal rights. Taking appropriate technical and organizational security measures to keep your data safe and prevent unauthorized access, unlawful processing and unauthorized or accidental loss, destruction, or damage to personal data.
Processing your personal data only if it is lawful in accordance with a legal basis including if you have unambiguously given your consent to such process.
3. WHY WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Plan B may collect personal data from you to complete following operations:
Profile creation
Information requests
Subscriptions to newsletters and sending those letters
Job applications
4. WHAT DATA IS COLLECTED
Plan B collects and uses your personal data with appropriate notice and consent when it is required, and after having informed you in a proper way. Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’).
An identifiable person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
This Policy does not cover personal data rendered anonymous. Personal data is rendered anonymous if individual persons are no longer identifiable or are identifiable only with a disproportionately large expense in time, cost, or work. If personal data rendered anonymous become no longer anonymous (i.e., individual persons are again identifiable), or if pseudonyms are used and allow identification of individual persons, then this Policy will again apply.
It is always up to you whether to pass personal data on us, although if you elect not to do so, we reserve the right not to register you as a user or not to provide you with any services.
The types of personal data we collect from you may include:
Name
Surname
Age
Company
Email address
Phone number
Educational and employment background
Job interest data (for candidates)
Plan B user ID and password (where applicable)
IP address
5. HOW WE USE YOUR DATA
We gather and use personal data for the following purposes:
Browsing and Searching
We collect certain personal data when you visit the website or click on the various links for services. We collect those data to improve your web user experience for your next visits (ex: country selection, language) to help run the sites more efficiently, to gather broad demographic information, to monitor the level of activity on the websites, and to evaluate the effectiveness of our advertising. See also our Cookies Policy for our use of cookies.
Newsletters and Promotional Emails
We collect personal data when you ask to receive newsletters. We use those data to provide you the information you request.
Contact Information
If you contact us, we keep a record of your correspondence or comments, including personal data, in a file specific to you. We use these data to help us provide you better service in the event you contact us again.
Recruitment
We process personal information of candidates to manage the recruitment process. We’ll keep your personal data for the duration needed to complete the purpose for which they were collected.
6. WHAT WE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL DATA
If you do disclose personal data to us, directly or not, we:
Will not sell or rent it to a third party without your permission.
Will take commercially reasonable precautions to protect the personal data from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Will not process the personal data, except:
in the aggregate with other data in such a way so that your identity cannot reasonably be determined (for example, statistical compilations).
as required by law. For example, in response to a subpoena or search warrant.
to outside auditors who have agreed to keep the data confidential, as necessary to protect the rights, safety, or property of Plan B, its users, or others. This may include, for example, exchanging information with other organizations or public authorities for identification, fraud protection and/or risk reduction.
7. YOUR CONSENT
By providing us with your personal data and/or using the websites and/or entering into a contract with us, you consent to our processing your personal data for the purposes described in article.
You also consent to our transferring your personal data to countries or jurisdictions which do not provide the same level of data protection as the EU, if necessary, for the above purposes.
If we do make such a transfer, we will provide appropriate safeguards to ensure that your personal data is duly protected. If you provide us with personal data about another person, you confirm that they have appointed you to act for them, to consent to the processing of their personal data including sensitive personal data and that you have informed them of our identity and the purposes (as set out above) for which their personal data will be processed.
We do not process personal data of minors under 16 without the express consent of their parents or legal representatives.
8. LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES:
Plan B websites or services may provide links to third-party applications, products, services, or websites for your convenience and information. If you access those links, you will leave the Plan B website.
Plan B does not control those third-party websites or their privacy practices, which may differ from Plan B practices. We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites. The personal data you choose to provide to or that is collected by these third parties are not covered by the Plan B Data Protection Policy. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any website you interact with before allowing the collection and use of your personal data.
We may also provide social media links that enable you to share data with your social networks and to interact with Plan B on various social media sites. Your use of these links may result in the collection or sharing of data about you, depending on the feature. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the social media sites with which you interact to make sure you understand the data that may be collected, used, and shared by those sites.
If you post, comment, indicate interest, or share personal data, including photographs, to any public forum, social network, blog, or other such forum, please be aware that any personal data you submit can be read, viewed, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to contact you, send you unsolicited messages, or for purposes that neither you nor Plan B have control over.
Plan B is not responsible for the personal data you choose to submit in these forums.
9. YOUR DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS
Right of Access
As data subjects you may inquire as to the nature of the personal data Plan B owned about you. You will be provided access to your personal data regardless of the location of the data processing and storage.
Right to Rectification
If your personal data is inaccurate or incomplete, you may request that the data be amended.
Right to Object
You have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal by Plan B.
Right to Erasure
You can ask for the deletion of your personal data when it is allowed by applicable data protection laws and regulations.
Right to Restriction of Processing
You have the right to require a restriction of the processing of your personal data when it is authorized by applicable data protection laws and regulations.
Right to Data Portability
If you meet the conditions settled by the applicable data protection laws and regulation, you   have the right to receive a subset of your personal data and to transmit them from Plan B to another data controller. You can also require the direct transmission from Plan B to another controller when it is technically feasible.
Right to Lodge a Complaint
You have the right to lodge complaint with the competent supervisory authority. All requests for aforementioned rights may be sent to the contact name available on the Plan B Website.
Requests and any questions regarding this Data Protection Policy may be sent to the Plan B Data Protection Officer by email at justask@thisisplanb.com or mail at:
PLAN B Inc.
116 West Illinois St, 3W
Chicago, IL 60654
312-222-0303
10. CHANGES IN DATA PROTECTION POLICY
Plan B reserves the right to modify this privacy statement as needed, for example, to comply with changes in laws, regulations, Plan B practices and procedures, or requirements imposed by data protection authorities.   In this case, Plan B will inform Plan B candidates and other persons of any material changes in this policy. Plan B will post all changes on relevant internal and external websites.
Last update: November 2019
Terms and Conditions
We inform you that the website https://www.thisisplanb.com/ (the “Website”) is hosted by Media Temple and operated by:
PLAN B Inc.
116 West Illinois St, 3W
Chicago, IL 60654
312-222-0303
References to “you” and “your” means you as the user of our Website. You may obtain further information on Plan B Inc. in the “About” and “Work” section of the Website, or by emailing justask@thisisplanb.com
We have set out the terms under which we are providing you with access to our Website. These include the terms and conditions that govern:
Your use of the Website (including your rights to link to the Website) as set out in these (the “Terms of Use”).
Our use of cookies on the Website (see our “Cookies Policy”).
How we will use and protect information about You (see our “Privacy Policy”).
Collectively, these documents are termed the “Terms and Conditions.”
USE OF THIS WEBSITE
The access to and use of the Website implies your full acceptance and undertaking to abide entirely by you the Terms and Conditions.
You should read all the Terms and Conditions prior to using the Website. You should also save and/or print out a copy of these Terms and Conditions for future reference. However, please note that we may change our Terms and Conditions from time to time, therefore we recommend you reading the Terms and Conditions each time you access the Website.
The revised Terms and Conditions will be available via the Website. You will be deemed to have accepted any changes to the Terms and Conditions after you have been notified of the changes on our Website home page and you continue to access or use the Website.
You are not permitted to use, or cause others to use, any automated system or software to extract content or data from our Website for commercial purposes.
If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, you should not use the Website.
Access to our Website is permitted on a temporary basis. We update our Website regularly and so may change the content at any time without notice to you. We reserve the right to withdraw, vary or suspend the service at any time without notice.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary to access this Website. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons accessing our Website through your internet connection are aware of these Terms and Conditions.
Please note that use of our Website is subject to your computer and/or portable device complying with our minimum standard technical specification and compatibility notice. You are advised to check this specification to ensure that your computer and/or portable device is compatible with our products and services and we shall not be liable for any failure arising in the Website which arises from incompatibility (including, without limitation, minimum storage and memory requirements from time to time).
You agree not to use the Website for fraudulent purposes, and not to perform any conduct that may damage the image, interests and rights of Plan B or third parties. You also agree not to take any action in order to damage, disable or overburden the Website, or hinder, in any way, the normal use and operation.
We inform you that in the event of breach of the contents of this Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy or Cookies Policy, we reserve the right to limit, suspend or terminate your access to the Website, taking any technical measures necessary for that purpose.
RELIANCE ON INFORMATION POSTED
Materials posted on our Website are not intended as advice and should not be relied upon as such. We therefore disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such information to the fullest extent permissible by local law.
INTELLECTUAL AND INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY
All intellectual and industrial property rights over all the information, images, our logo, service marks, trading names, trademarks, and other content displayed on the Website, its designs, graphics and source codes (“Materials”) are either owned by Plan B Inc. or licensed to us by our licensors and Your use of the Website and Materials is subject to the following restrictions.
You may access, view and print out one copy of this Website and all Materials strictly in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. In this regard, you may only view, print out, use, quote from and cite the Website and the Materials for your own personal, non-commercial use and on the condition that You give appropriate acknowledgement where appropriate to us.
You shall comply with the French Intellectual Property Code
The use of the Website by you does not imply the assignment of any intellectual and/or industrial property right over the Website and/or the Materials.
To such effects, under this Terms and Conditions, it is expressly prohibited for the User, except in those events in which this is permitted by law or prior authorization has been granted by Plan B Inc. Group, to:
Remove any copyright or other proprietary notices contained in the Materials;
Use any Materials from the Website in any manner that may infringe any copyright, intellectual property right or proprietary right of us or any third parties; or
Reproduce, modify, display, perform, publish, distribute, disseminate, broadcast, frame, communicate to the public or circulate to any third party or exploit this Website and/or the materials for any commercial purpose, without our prior written consent.
LINKING TO OUR WEBSITE
You may link to any page of the Website, for non-commercial purposes provided that You do so in a way that is fair and legal and which does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. For the avoidance of doubt, the linking site must not contain any adult or illegal material or any material that is offensive, harassing or otherwise objectionable and no false, inaccurate or incorrect statement on the Website and/or PLAN B INC. will be made from the linking website. (the “Linker Site”).
You must not link to our Website in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not remove or obscure by framing or otherwise, advertisements, any copyright notice, or other information published on the Website. Our Website must not be framed on any other site.
If PLAN B INC. authorizes a link, it shall be set up on the following terms:
The link will only connect to the home page of the Website.
In no event will the authorization granted by PLAN B INC. mean that: (i) it sponsors, cooperates with, verifies or supervises the content and/or services provided through the Linker Site; or (ii) it is liable for the Linker Site content.
The Linker Site shall be in full compliance with the Law and may never host own or third-party content that: (i) is unlawful or noxious or contravenes ethics and good customs (pornographic, violent, racist, etc.); (ii) misleads or may mislead the User to the false conception that PLAN B INC. subscribes for, sustains, adheres to or in any other manner supports the ideas, statements or expressions, either lawful or unlawful, of the sender; and (iii) is inappropriate or irrelevant relating to the activity of PLAN B INC.
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission at any time and without notice. In any case, in the event of breach of any of the above terms, PLAN B INC. shall proceed immediately and without prior notice to deactivate the link.
PRIVACY, YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND COOKIES
The privacy of your personal data is important to us. We can collect information from you through the data collection forms included in the Website. Please see our Privacy Policy or details of how we will process your personal data.
For details about how we use cookies, please see our Cookies Policy.
THIRD-PARTY SITES
Our Website and/or the Materials may contain links to third party websites, for example [LinkedIn, Twitter and YouTube] (the “Party Sites”). PLAN B INC. shall not be liable for the services and content provided through the Party Sites, unless it had actual knowledge of its unlawfulness and did not deactivate the link with the due diligence.
In no event does the existence of party sites entail any recommendation, promotion, identification or conformity of PLAN B INC. with respect to the statements, content or services provided through the Party Sites.
Accordingly, PLAN B INC. shall not be liable for the content of the Party Sites or for the conditions of use or privacy policies of the Party Sites, only you are responsible for their verification and acceptance each and every time you access and uses the Party Sites.
Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including the Party Sites, is subject to that website’s own rules and policies including in relation to privacy. Please read those rules and policies before proceeding.
If you decide to visit any third-party site, you do so at your own risk. We are not responsible for the content, accuracy or opinions expressed in such websites. Links do not imply that we are, or our Website is, affiliated to or associated with such sites.
The inclusion of any link on our Website or in our communications with you does not imply endorsement by us (or our parents, subsidiaries or affiliates, or any client of any of the foregoing) of the linked site. If you decide to access linked third-party websites, you do so at your own risk.
Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Website to another website, these Terms and Conditions including our Privacy and Cookies Policy are no longer in effect and you should read the terms and conditions included in such Party Sites.
INFORMATION ON THE WEBSITE
Should you or any other Internet user know that any information or content of the Website or provided through the Website is unlawful, damages third-party rights, contravenes the Terms and Conditions or is, in any other manner, noxious or contrary to good moral standards or public order, you may get in touch with PLAN B INC. at the following email address justask@thisisplanb.com , or on the following mail address:
Plan B Inc.
116 West Illinois St, 3W
Chicago, IL 60654
312-222-0303
And Stating:
Personal data of the notifying party: name, address, telephone number and email address. Description of the facts that show that the content or information is unlawful or inadequate and the specific address at which it is available in the event of violation of third-party rights, such as intellectual and industrial property rights, the data of the holder of the infringed right must be stated where it is a person other than the notifying party.
The instrument evidencing the ownership of the violated rights and, if appropriate, the powers of attorney to act on behalf of the holder where the holder is a person other than the notifying party must also be submitted.
The receipt by Plan B Inc. of the above-mentioned notice shall never imply, the actual knowledge of the activities and/or content stated by the notifying party, where this is not obvious or evident. In any case, Plan B Inc. retains the right to suspend or remove the content that even if it does not unlawful contravenes the rules established in the Terms and Conditions, taking into consideration in each case the legal goods in dispute.
Accordingly, if you consider that the Party Sites contain unlawful, noxious, denigrating, violent or inadequate content, You may notify this to Plan B Inc. at the following email address: justask@thisisplanb.com
Nevertheless, such notice shall never imply the obligation of Plan B Inc. to remove the link in question or necessarily imply the actual knowledge by Plan B Inc. of the unlawfulness of the content of the Party Site for the purposes of legislation in force.
OUR LIABILITY
To the fullest extent permissible by law, we exclude and disclaim all warranties, terms, conditions and representations that might otherwise be implied by law in relation to this Website. In particular we do not represent or warrant that the Website will be error-free, free of viruses or other harmful components, or that defects will be corrected. You must take your own precautions in this respect. We do not accept liability for any failure to maintain the Website.
We shall not be liable, under these Terms and Conditions for any indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages or otherwise, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.
The Materials may contain inaccuracies and typographical errors. We do not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the Materials.
We shall not be liable for any loss caused as a result of your actions or inactions based on the Materials available on this Website. However, nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall affect your statutory rights, and nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall exclude our liability for: (i) death or personal injury arising through our negligence; (ii) fraudulent misrepresentation; and/or (iii) anything else that cannot be excluded or limited by us under applicable law.
LEGAL COMPLIANCE AND APPLICABLE LAW
The access to and use of the Website by You implies also the full acceptance of this section (the “Legal Compliance and Applicable Law”), therefore it should be read carefully each time you access the Website.
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of the U.S.A. and any matter or dispute arising in connection with them shall be subject to the competent jurisdiction.
You accept, expressly and without qualifications, that you will access and use the Website solely and exclusively under your own responsibility and that you are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws relating to the use of or otherwise connected with the Website. In this regard, you undertake not to use the Website for fraudulent purposes, not damaging through your conduct the image, interests or rights of Plan B Inc. or third parties.
In addition, you undertake not to carry out any act seeking to damage, render useless or overload the Website or that may impede, in any manner whatsoever, its normal use and operation. To the extent that the Website or any activity contemplated by it would infringe any law of a jurisdiction other than Spanish, then you are prohibited from accessing or using the Website or attempting to carry on any such offending activity and this provision shall override all other provisions of these Terms.
In this regard, you are informed that, should you breach the Terms and Conditions or any other particular terms or conditions contained in the Website, Plan B Inc. retains the right to limit, suspend or terminate his access to the Website, adopting any technical measure necessary for such purpose. In addition, Plan B Inc. retains the right to put in place such measures should it have any reasonable suspicion that the User is violating any of the terms and conditions of the aforementioned instruments.
Should any of the provisions of the Terms and Conditions be declared null, it shall be removed or replaced. In any case, such declaration of nullity shall not affect the rest of the provisions of the Terms and Conditions.
CONTACT US
If you have any concerns or queries about material which appears on our Website or if You have questions about your use of this Website, these Terms and Conditions, or suggestions for Website improvements or additions, please email us at justask@thisisplanb.com or contact us at:
PLAN B INC.
116 West Illinois St, 3W
Chicago, IL 60654
312-222-0303
Cookie Policy
When you visit our website www.thisisplanb.com, some cookies or other tracking technologies may be stored on your device (computer, tablet or smartphone).
This Cookie Policy contains information on what cookies are, the type of cookies used by Plan B on the website www.thisisplanb.com and the purpose of such use, and your choices regarding cookies.
This Cookie Policy should be read together with the Plan B Inc. Privacy Policy and Terms of use documents
WHAT ARE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
Cookies are small text files which contain an amount of data generated when you browse on a website, and installed in your internet browser. The other tracking technologies, such as web beacons, pixels or clear gifs, work similarly to cookies. Cookies and other tracking technologies are used to monitor your activity on a website by enabling us (through first party cookies) or thirds (through third party cookies) to collect information about how you use the website and enhance the way it works and your visit on our website.
There are two types of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies.
Session Cookies
Are temporary cookies, and therefore automatically deleted from your device every time you close your browser.
Persistent Cookies
Remain on your device for a period of time specified in the cookie and are activated every time you visit the website that installed it.
WHAT TYPE OF COOKIES DO WE USE AND FOR WHAT PURPOSE?
When you browse on our website, we use the following types of cookies:
1. Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the proper operation of the services provided on the website.
They are used to provide the basic functionalities of the website, like remembering information entered in a form or allowing you to access your personal account.
If you disable these cookies, you will no longer be able to use these features and the website might not work as efficiently as it should.
2. Performance Cookies
These cookies are used to collect anonymous data for statistical purposes. They allow us to measure the audience on the website and analyze the way visitors browse the website (number of visitors on the website, number of visits per page, time spent on each page, areas where there are clicks, measure of the effectiveness of advertising…).
They are also used to detect browser issues or any other difficulty. These cookies help us improve our website and make your browsing experience better.
3. Third-party Cookies
In some cases, we use third parties to manage our cookies. Third parties may also use their own cookies or other tracking technologies to collect information about your activity on the website, in particular to provide you with personalized advertisements on their own websites.
Some social network cookies might also be installed on your device to allow you to interact on social networks, such as Facebook or Twitter. We are in no way involved on the implementation and functioning of such cookies and have no access or control overs such third-party cookies. These cookies are subject to their own cookie policies, which are accessible on each third-party website and to which we invite you to refer to. We are therefore not responsible for the data collected by these cookies and cannot provide you with further information regarding the nature of information collected by these third-party cookies.
YOUR CHOICE REGARDING COOKIES
You have several options to control or limit how we or third parties use cookies:
You can choose to delete all or some cookies from your device through your browser settings.
You can choose to prevent cookies from being installed on your device through your browser settings.
To learn more on how to manage cookies usage from your browser, please follow the following links for each browser:
Internet Explorer
Chrome
Safari
Mozilla Firefox
Opera
Please note that if you choose to block or deactivate some or all cookies we use, our website might not work properly and you may not be able to enjoy all the services and functionalities provided through the use of cookies.
If you want to learn more about cookies and how to manage them, please visit www.youronlinechoices.eu and www.allaboutcookies.org.
CONTACT US
If you have any question, comment or concern regarding this Cookie Policy and the way Plan B uses cookies and other tracking technologies, please contact us by email at justask@thisisplanb.com or at:
PLAN B INC.
116 West Illinois St, 3W
Chicago, IL 60654
312-222-0303
Go ahead... give us a call.
(You can always hang up)
Clay Cooper
312-222-0303
LinkedIn
Email
Contact
justask@thisisplanb.com
312-222-0303
Call us toll-free at 1-866-317-5262
Download directory
Locations
Chicago, IL
New Orleans, LA
Pleasanton, CA
Strategy
Branding
Advertising
Web
CRM
Social Media
Terms & Conditions  |
© Plan B Advertising 2020  |
Sitemap
YouTube
Instagram
Twitter
LinkedIn
Facebook