https://www.charge.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Privacy PolicyCharge.com Privacy PolicyOur postal address is:Charge.com Payment Solutions, Inc.
9715 West Broward Boulevard
Suite 182
Plantation, Florida 33324 We can be reached via e-mail at  or you can reach us by telephone at 888-924-2743For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer’s domain name, but not the e-mail address.We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, and information provided by visitors including telephone number, name, home address, company name, company address, and company information.The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes, disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website.With respect to cookies: We use cookies to track where visitors come from in order to compensate our referral partners.If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by calling us at the above telephone number. Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list.With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address.Upon request we provide site visitors with access to unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about them, contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them , and a description of information that we maintain about them.Consumers can access this information by sending us e-mail at the above address.Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address.With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server.   We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Create Your Account Now to Get Started:
First Name*Last Name*Phone*Email*
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.
Read More
Accept
Decline
Cookie Settings
About CookiesAbout CookiesCookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
NecessaryNecessaryAlways Active
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
MarketingMarketing
Marketing
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
AnalyticsAnalytics
Analytics
Analytics cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
PreferencesPreferences
Preferences
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
UnclassifiedUnclassified
Unclassified
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
Save And Accept
Cookie Settings
Low Cost AssuranceWe’re so confident that Charge.com has the lowest costs that we will pay you $200 to find a better deal! If you find a competitor of Charge.com offering a direct merchant account and the same hardware, software, or payment gateway that Charge.com currently offers, Charge.com will beat the costs of the competitor’s offer or else pay you $200. And if you are currently processing credit cards, then if you send us your most recent credit card processing statement, Charge.com will beat the competitor’s costs or else pay you $200. If you open a new Charge.com merchant account, and then find a lower offer afterward, Charge.com will honor the low cost guarantee for 30 days after opening the account.In order to take advantage of the low cost assurance, merchants must provide a contract from a competitor showing the full fee-schedule, and the competitor must be a verifiable registered provider of Visa and MasterCard services or, for merchants already processing credit cards, merchants must provide a copy of their most recent credit card processing statement long with a copy of their original merchant agreement that includes the full fee-schedule. When comparing costs, we will analyze all costs including, but not limited to, processing fees, transaction fees, monthly fees, annual fees, cancellation fees, and costs for hardware, software, or payment gateway.We will project these costs based on the merchant’s actual or projected monthly credit card sales volume and average ticket size. In the event Charge.com fails to beat a competitor’s offer, in order to receive the $200 payment from Charge.com, merchants are required to open a merchant account with Charge.com or send proof that an account has been opened with a competitor that Charge.com failed to match pricing of, and the merchant must keep the account open for a minimum of three months.This offer is limited to merchants who reside within the fifty United States and whose businesses are physically located within the fifty United States. This offer expires March 1, 2016, and may be extended further at the sole discretion of Charge.com.
CLOSE
CLOSE