https://www.cosmosbank.com/general/terms-conditions/
Internet Banking
At Cosmos Bank, we are committed to helping you meet all your banking needs to the best of our ability. You can access internet banking portal of our website at any hour of the day. There are no fixed timings to use the facilities.
Moreover, enjoy the luxury of getting all the work accomplished at the comfort of your home or office, at any hour that is preferable for you
Login
Plot No-6, S.No-132/B, ICS Colony, Ganeshkhind Road, Pune
+91-20-67086708
customercare@cosmosbank.in
Weekdays 10 AM to 6 PM Sunday : Closed
Terms & Conditions
HomeGeneralTerms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Your use of this Cosmos Bank Website is subject to the conditions and qualifications described below. By using this website, you agree to accept such conditions and qualifications.
Web Site Usage Terms
I understand and accept that The Cosmos Co-operative Bank Ltd the Bank maintains the website (http://www.cosmosbank.com) going ahead referred to as “the Site” or “the bank website) to provide visitors with information about the Bank, its services and products and to facilitate communication with the Bank, and availing its services. I also accept that visitors to the Site are required to read the below terms, and use of the Site constitutes, my acceptance and agreement to be bound by such terms, and the changes therein to the Website Usage Terms from time to time, relating to my usage of the website as communicated and made available on the Bank’s website.
I am aware and accept that all information, contents, materials, products (including, but not limited to text, content, photographs, graphics, video and audio contents) on the website is protected by copyright in favor of the Bank, under applicable copyright laws and are also protected otherwise under general Intellectual Property Law.
I understand and accept that all information submitted by me through the Bank’s Website shall be deemed to be the property of the Bank and (the Bank shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, knowhow or techniques provided by me at the Site, in any manner whatsoever).
On initiating a contact through the Bank website,I agree to being contacted by the Bank or any other entities with whom the Bank has entered into an agreement.
I (User) shall not do any of the following:
Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of other, publish, post,distribute or disseminate any defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful material or information.
Upload or attach files that contain software or other material protected by Intellectual Property Laws (or by rights of privacy or publicity) unless the User owns or controls the rights thereto or has received all necessary consents.
Upload or attach files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programmes that may damage the operation of another’s computer.
Delete any author attributions, legal notices or proprietary designations or labels in any file that is uploaded.
Falsify the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded.
Advertise or offer to sell any goods or services or conduct or forward surveys, contents, or chain letters.
Download any file posted by another user or a Forum that you know, or reasonably should know, that cannot be legally distributed in such manner.
I agree that I shall not copy, reproduce, sell, redistribute, publish, enter into a database, displays, perform, modify, transmit, license, create derivatives form, transfer or in any way exploit any part of any information, contents, materials, services available from or through the Bank’s Website, except that which I may download for my own personal, non-commercial use.
I agree that I will not use the Bank’s Website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Website Usage Terms. I also agree that I will not use the Bank’s Website in any manner that could damage, disable or impair the Website or interfere with any other party’s use or enjoyment of the Website.
I acknowledge that the software and hardware underlying the Bank’s Website as well as other Internet related softwares which are required for accessing the Website are the legal property of the respective Vendors/Bank. The permission given by the Bank to access the Bank’s Website will not convey any proprietary or ownership rights in the above software/hardware. I agree that I shall not attempt to modify, translate, disassemble, decompile or reverse engineer the software/hardware underlying the Bank’s Website or create any derivative product based on the software/ hardware.
I understand and accept that not all the products and services offered on this Website are available in all geographic areas and I may not be eligible for all the products or services offered by the Bank, on the Website. The Bank reserves the right to determine the availability and eligibility for any product or service.
I am aware that the Bank, proposes to use “cookies” (Cookies are small data files that a Website stores on my computer) for storing visitor preferences, profiling visitors and tracking visitor behavior on the Website. By visiting the Website I acknowledge, accept and expressly authorize the Bank for the placement of cookies on my computer.
I understand and accept that the Bank, is not responsible for the availability of contents or other services on third party sites linked from the Website. I am aware that my access of hyperlinks to other internet sites are at my own risk and the contents accuracy, opinions expressed and other links provided by these sites are not verified, monitored or endorsed by the Bank, in any way. The Bank, does not make any warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties expressed or implied, including without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, title or non-infringement with respect to any information or services or products that are available or advertised or sold through these third party Websites.
Although the Bank, will take serious steps to prevent the introduction of viruses, vandals, worms, “Trojan Horses” or other destructive materials to this Site, it does not guarantee or warrant that this Website or the materials that may be downloaded from this website do not contain such destructive features. The Bank, is not liable for any damages or harm attributable to such features. I am aware that I will be solely responsible for any damages arising out of any such harmful materials.
I (User) will verify / make my own personal inquiries before taking any action or making any final decision with respect to any matter on the Website.
The Bank shall not be liable if any transaction does not fructify or may not be completed or for any failure on part of the Bank to perform any of its obligations under these terms and conditions or those applicable specifically to its services/facilities, if performance is prevented, hindered or delayed by a Force Majeure event (defined below) and in such case its obligations shall be suspended for so long as the Force Majeure event continues.
“Force Majeure Event” means any event due to any cause beyond the reasonable control of the Bank, including without limitations, unavailability of any communication systems, breach, or virus in the processes or payment or delivery mechanism, sabotage, fire, flood, explosion, acts of god, civil commotion, strikes or industrial action of any kind, riots, insurrection, war, acts of Government, computer hacking, unauthorized access to computer data and storage devices, computer crashes, malfunctioning in the computer terminal or the systems getting affected by any malicious, destructive or corrupting code or program, mechanical or technical errors/ failures or power shut down, faults or failures in telecommunication etc.
I understand and accept that the Bank has the absolute discretion to amend or supplement any of the Website Usage Term at any time and will give prior notice of 30 days for such changes. Changed Terms and Conditions shall be communicated to me on the Bank’s Website and by other acceptable modes of communication. By using the services, I shall be deemed to have accepted the changed Website Usage Terms.
I understand and agree that those Website Usage Terms are in addition to, and not in derogation of, the applicable Terms and Conditions relating to my usage of  the Bank’s any other services that I to may be currently availing or may in the future avail, including without limitation the Net Banking Service.
I accept that the Courts in Pune shall have exclusive jurisdiction as regards any claims or matters arising out of dealings with the Bank and all disputes will be governed by the Law of India.
Copyrights © 2020 All Rights Reserved by Cosmos Bank. Site best viewed at 1024x768 resolution in I.E. 10 or above, Google Chrome 40 or above, Firefox 37 or above, Safari 8 or above.