https://www.retaildoc.com/legal-disclaimers-retail-doctor
Shop
Blog
Video Library
Login
Contact
Skip to main content
Shop
Blog
Videos
Podcast
Login
Contact
Menu
Speaking
Online Retail Sales Training with SalesRX
In-Person Sales Training
Consulting
Retail 101
Retail Sales Training
Retail Sales Training Online
Retail Sales Strategies
Retail Merchandising
Retail Customer Service
Retail Resource Centre
The Retail Doctor Video Library
About
Clients
Legal Notices
Legal Documents
Thank you for visiting our website. If you want to use this website, you must agree to conform to and be legally bound by the terms and conditions described below.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
IF YOU DISAGREE WITH ANY OF THESE TERMS OR CONDITIONS, DO NOT USE OUR WEBSITE.
1. MINORS. We do not provide services or sell products to children. If you are below the age of 18, you may use our website only with the permission and active involvement of a parent or legal guardian. If you are a minor, please do not provide us or other website visitors with any personal information.
2. PRIVACY POLICY IS PART OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. Our privacy policy is part of, and subject to, these terms and conditions of use. You may view our privacy policy on this website.
3. ANTI-SPAM POLICY IS PART OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.Our anti-Spam policy is part of, and subject to, these terms and conditions of use. You may view our anti-Spam policy on this website.
4. MODIFICATIONS AND TERMINATIONS.These terms and conditions may change from time to time. If such changes are made, they will be effective immediately, and we will notify you by a notice posted on our website’s home page of the changes that have been made. If you disagree with the changes that have been made, you should not use our website. We may terminate these terms and conditions of use for any reason and at any time without notice to you. If you are concerned about these terms and conditions of use, you should read them each time before you use our website. Any questions or concerns should be brought to our attention by sending an e-mail to bob@retaildoc.com, and providing us with information relating to your concern.
5. LICENSEE STATUS.You understand and agree that your use of our website is limited and non-exclusive as a revocable licensee. We may terminate your license to use our website, and access to our website and SalesRX, for any reason, and without giving you notice.
6. CONTENT OWNERSHIP.All content on our website is owned by us or our content suppliers. On behalf of ourselves and our content suppliers, we claim all property rights, including intellectual property rights, for this content and you are not allowed to infringe upon those rights. We will prosecute to the fullest extent of the law anyone who attempts to steal our property. You agree not to copy content from our website without our permission. Any requests to use our content should be submitted to us by e-mail to bob@retaildoc.com. If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been infringed upon by our website content, please notify us by sending an e-mail to bob@retaildoc.com,or by sending mail to us at the address listed below. Please describe in detail the alleged infringement, including the factual and legal basis for your claim of ownership.
7. DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY.The information on our website is provided on an ”as is,” ”as available” basis. You agree that your use of our website is at your sole risk. We disclaim all warranties of any kind, including but not limited to, any express warranties, statutory warranties, and any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. We do not warrant that our website will always be available, access will be uninterrupted, be error-free, meet your requirements, or that any defects in our website will be corrected. Information on our website should not necessarily be relied upon and should not to be construed to be professional advice from us. We do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any of the information provided, and are not responsible for any loss resulting from your reliance on such information. If your jurisdiction does not allow limitations on warranties, this limitation may not apply to you. Your sole and exclusive remedy relating to your use of the site shall be to discontinue using the site. Under no circumstances will we be liable or responsible for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential (including damages from loss of business, lost profits, litigation, or the like), special, exemplary, punitive, or other damages, under any legal theory, arising out of or in any way relating to our website, your website use, or the content, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. Our total liability for any claim arising out of or relating to our website shall not exceed one hundred ($100) dollars and that amount shall be in lieu of all other remedies which you may have against us or our affiliates. Any such claim shall be subject to confidential binding arbitration as described later in these terms and conditions of use.
8. OBSCENE AND OFFENSIVE CONTENT.We are not responsible for any obscene or offensive content that you receive or view from others while using our website. However, if you do receive or view such content, please contact us by e-mail to bob@retaildoc.com so that we can investigate the matter. Although we are not obligated to do so, we reserve the right to monitor, investigate, and remove obscene or offensive material posted to our website.
9. INDEMNIFICATION.You understand and agree that you will indemnify, defend and hold us and our affiliates harmless from any liability, loss, claim and expense, including reasonable attorney’s fees, arising from your use of our website or your violation of these terms and conditions.
10. COMPLIANCE WITH GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION.You agree to obey all applicable laws while using our website. You agree that the laws of New York govern these terms and conditions of use without regard to conflicts of laws provisions. You also agree that any dispute between you and us, excluding any intellectual property right infringement claims we pursue against you, shall be settled solely by confidential binding arbitration per the American Arbitration Association commercial arbitration rules. All claims must arbitrated on an individual basis, and cannot be consolidated in any arbitration with any claim or controversy of anyone else. All arbitration must occur in Greene, New York, United States. Each party shall bear one half of the arbitration fees and costs incurred, and each party is responsible for its own lawyer fees.
11. SEVERABILITY OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.If any part of these terms and conditions of use are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, that part shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the remainder of these terms and conditions are fully enforceable and legally binding.
12.Fees and ChargesFees. Customer shall pay all fees, expenses or other charges in accordance with the fees, charges and billing terms in effect at the time a fee or charge is due and payable. Unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Parties, all fees and charges are due and payable thirty (30) calendar days from the date of invoice unless it is for a monthly subscription to SalesRX which are due prior to following month of service. Taxes. Fees listed on the applicable Order Form are exclusive of taxes. Customer agrees to pay any sales, value-added or other similar taxes imposed by applicable law that Provider must pay based on Subscription Services and Professional Services.
13.HOW TO CONTACT US.Any questions or concerns about these terms and conditions of use should be brought to our attention by e-mail to bob@retaildoc.com, and providing us with information relating to your concern. You may also mail your concerns to us at the following address: RetailDoc 38 Riverside Ave. Coxsackie, New York 12051 United States
14. ENTIRE AGREEMENT.These terms and conditions, including the policies incorporated herein by express reference, constitutes your entire agreement with us with respect to your use of our website. These terms and conditions were last updated on 07-29-2010.
PRIVACY POLICY
1.HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PRIVACY.This privacy policy tells you how we collect, use, and protect your personal information. By visiting our website, you accept and agree to the terms and conditions of this privacy policy. In particular, you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this privacy policy.
2.MINORS.We do not provide services or sell products to children. If you are below the age of 18, you may use our website only with the permission and active involvement of a parent or legal guardian. If you are a minor, please do not provide us or other website visitors with any personal information.
3. POLICY IS PART OF OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE.Our privacy policy is part of, and subject to, our website’s terms and conditions of use. You may view these terms and conditions on our website.
4.  THE TYPE OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU.Like most places on the Internet, simply by visiting our website you automatically tell us certain information. This includes basic information such as your IP address, when you visited, the website from where you came prior to visiting us, the website where you go when you leave our website, your computer’s operating system, and the type of web browser that you are using. Our website automatically records this basic information about you. And like many other websites, we may use cookies. In plain English, this means information that our website’s server transfers to your computer. This information can be used to track your session on our website. Cookies may also be used to customize our website content for you as an individual. If you are using one of the common Internet web browsers, you can set up your browser to either let you know when you receive a cookie or to deny cookie access to your computer. We may also collect any data that you provide us by posting it at our website or by e-mail. You can always choose not to provide us with information. However, if you do withhold information, we may deny you access to some or all of our website’s services and features. Some transactions between you and our website may involve payment by credit card, debit card, checks, money orders, and/or third party online payment services. In such transactions, we will collect information related to the transaction as part of the course of doing business with you, including your billing address, telephone number, and other information related to the transaction.
5.  WHAT WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION.We use your information to operate our website’s business activities. For example, we may use this data to contact you about changes to our website, new services, or special offers, resolve disputes, troubleshoot issues, and enforce our website’s terms and conditions. As a general rule, we will not give your data to third parties without your permission. However, there are some important exceptions to this rule that are described in the following paragraphs. We may, in our sole discretion, provide information about you to law enforcement or other government officials for purposes of fraud investigations, alleged intellectual property infringement, or any other suspected illegal activity or matters that may expose us to legal liability. Although we do not disclose individually identifiable information, we may disclose aggregate data about our website’s visitors to advertisers or other third parties for marketing and promotional purposes. From time to time, we may use third party suppliers to provide services on our website. If a supplier wants to collect information about you, you will be notified. However, you will never be required to give information to a third party supplier. We restrict the way third party suppliers can use your information. They are not allowed to sell or give your information to others.
6.USER NAMES AND PASSWORDS.Your access to parts of our website may be protected by a user name and a password. Do not give your password to anyone. If you enter a section of our website that requires a password, you should log out when you leave. As a safety precaution, you should also close out of your web browser completely and re-open it before viewing other parts of the Internet.
7.YOUR USE OF INFORMATION AND UNSOLICITED JUNK E-MAIL.If you obtain personally identifiable information about another website user, you are not allowed to disclose this information to anyone else without the consent of the user and our consent too. We hate junk e-mail (Spam). Information you obtain from our website about us or other site users cannot be used by you or others to send unsolicited commercial e-mail or to send unsolicited commercial communications via our website’s posting or other communication systems.
8.YOUR VOLUNTARY DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES WHO ARE NOT OUR SUPPLIERS.You may choose to provide personal information to website visitors or other third parties who are not our suppliers. Please use caution when doing so. The privacy policies and customs of these third parties determine what is done with your information.
9.AUTORESPONDERS.We may use autoresponders to communicate with you by e-mail. To protect your privacy, we use a verified opt-in system for such communications and you can always opt-out of such communications using the links contained in each autoresponder message. If you have difficulties opting out, you may contact us by sending an e-mail to bob@retaildoc.com, or sending us mail to the address listed below.
10.POLICY CHANGES.The terms of this policy may change from time to time. If such changes are made, we will notify you by a notice posted on our website’s home page of the changes that have been made. If you disagree with the changes that have been made, please contact us (by e-mail, using a website contact form, or in writing by mail), and any changes made to this policy will not apply to information we have collected from you prior to making the changes. If you are concerned about the topic covered by this policy, you should read it each time before you use our website. Any questions or concerns about this policy should be brought to our attention by sending an e-mail to bob@retaildoc.com and providing us with information relating to your concern. You may also mail your concerns to us at the following address: RetailDoc 38 Riverside Ave. Coxsackie, New York 12051 United States
11. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS.If you are a California resident and our customer, Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.83 permits you to request certain information about our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To request this information, please send an e-mail to bob@retaildoc.com or write us at the following address: RetailDoc 38 Riverside Ave. Coxsackie, New York 12051 United States This policy was last updated on 07-29-2010.
EXTERNAL LINKS POLICY
Our website contains hypertext links to websites and other information created and maintained by other individuals and organizations. These links are only provided for your convenience. We do not control or guarantee the accuracy, completeness, relevance, or timeliness of any information or privacy policies posted on these linked websites. You should know that these websites may track visitor viewing habits.
In addition, hyperlinks to particular items do not reflect their importance, and are not an endorsement of the individuals or organizations sponsoring the websites, the views expressed on the websites, or the products or services offered on the websites.
We permit links to our website if they do not imply an endorsement by, or affiliation with, our website.
We review our website periodically for broken or out-of-date links. Any and all links may be posted, altered, or removed at any time. To report problems with links on our website, or for more information about this policy, please send an e-mail to bob@retaildoc.com. This policy was last updated on 07-29-2010
EARNINGS DISCLAIMER
You understand and agree that there are important risk factors that should be considered by you when deciding whether to purchase .
NO EARNINGS PROJECTIONS, PROMISES OR REPRESENTATIONS
You recognize and agree that we have made no implications, warranties, promises, suggestions, projections, representations or guarantees whatsoever to you about future prospects or earnings, or that you will will earn any money, with respect to your purchase of , and that we have not authorized any such projection, promise, or representation by others.
Any earnings or income statements, or any earnings or income examples, are only estimates of what we think you could earn. There is no assurance you will do as well as stated in any examples. If you rely upon any figures provided, you must accept the entire risk of not doing as well as the information provided. This applies whether the earnings or income examples are monetary in nature or pertain to advertising credits which may be earned (whether such credits are convertible to cash or not).
There is no assurance that any prior successes or past results as to earnings or income (whether monetary or advertising credits, whether convertible to cash or not) will apply, nor can any prior successes be used, as an indication of your future success or results from any of the information, content, or strategies. Any and all claims or representations as to income or earnings (whether monetary or advertising credits, whether convertible to cash or not) are not to be considered as "average earnings".
THE ECONOMY
The economy, both where you do business, and on a national and even worldwide scale, creates additional uncertainty and economic risk. An economic recession or depression might negatively affect the results produced by.
YOUR SUCCESS OR LACK OF IT
Your success in using the information or strategies provided by this website, depends on a variety of factors. We have no way of knowing how well you will do, as we do not know you, your background, your work ethic, your dedication, your motivation, your desire, or your business skills or practices. Therefore, we do not guarantee or imply that you will get rich, that you will do as well, or that you will have any earnings (whether monetary or advertising credits, whether convertible to cash or not), at all.
Internet businesses and earnings derived therefrom, involve unknown risks and are not suitable for everyone. You may not rely on any information presented on the website or otherwise provided by us, unless you do so with the knowledge and understanding that you can experience significant losses (including, but not limited to, the loss of any monies paid to purchase , and/or any monies spent setting up, operating, and/or marketing , and further, that you may have no earnings at all (whether monetary or advertising credits, whether convertible to cash or not).
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
MATERIALS CONTAINED ON THIS WEBSITE OR IN MATERIALS PURCHASED AND/OR DOWNLOADED FROM THIS WEBSITE MAY CONTAIN INFORMATION THAT INCLUDES OR IS BASED UPON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS GIVE OUR EXPECTATIONS OR FORECASTS OF FUTURE EVENTS. YOU CAN IDENTIFY THESE STATEMENTS BY THE FACT THAT THEY DO NOT RELATE STRICTLY TO HISTORICAL OR CURRENT FACTS. THEY USE WORDS SUCH AS “ANTICIPATE,” “ESTIMATE,” “EXPECT,” “PROJECT,” “INTEND,” “PLAN,” “BELIEVE,” AND OTHER WORDS AND TERMS OF SIMILAR MEANING IN CONNECTION WITH A DESCRIPTION OF POTENTIAL EARNINGS OR FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE. ANY AND ALL FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS HERE OR ON ANY MATERIALS ON THE WEBSITE ARE INTENDED TO EXPRESS OUR OPINION OF EARNINGS POTENTIAL. MANY FACTORS WILL BE IMPORTANT IN DETERMINING YOUR ACTUAL RESULTS AND NO GUARANTEES ARE MADE THAT YOU WILL ACHIEVE RESULTS SIMILAR TO OURS OR ANYBODY ELSE, IN FACT NO GUARANTEES ARE MADE THAT YOU WILL ACHIEVE ANY RESULTS FROM OUR IDEAS AND TECHNIQUES IN OUR MATERIAL.
DUE DILIGENCE
You are advised to do Your own due diligence when it comes to making business decisions and should use caution and seek the advice of qualified professionals. You should check with Your accountant, lawyer, or professional advisor, before acting on this or any information. You may not consider any examples, documents, or other content on the website or otherwise provided by us to be the equivalent of legal advice. Nothing contained on the website or in materials available for sale or download on the website provides legal advice in any way. You should consult with your own attorney on any legal questions you may have.
We assume no responsibility for any losses or damages resulting from your use of any link, information, or opportunity contained within the website or within any information disclosed by the owner of this site in any form whatsoever.
PURCHASE PRICE
Although we believe the price is fair for the value that you receive, you understand and agree that the purchase price for you has been arbitrarily set by us. This price bears no relationship to objective standards.
TESTIMONIALS & EXAMPLES
Testimonials and examples on this website about are exceptional results, do not reflect the typical purchaser’s experience, don’t apply to the average person and are not intended to represent or guarantee that anyone will achieve the same or similar results. Where specific income or earnings (whether monetary or advertising credits, whether convertible to cash or not), figures are used and attributed to a specific individual or business, that individual or business has earned that amount. There is no assurance that you will do as well using the same information or strategies. If you rely on the specific income or earnings figures used, you must accept all the risk of not doing as well. The described experiences are atypical. Your financial results are likely to differ from those described in the testimonials. Please note that the content of this page can change without prior notice. This disclaimer was last updated on 07-29-2010.
DIGITAL MILLENNIUM COPYRIGHT ACT ("DMCA") NOTICE
This notice is for informational purposes only. It is not intended as, nor should it be construed as, legal advice. If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been infringed upon, or if a notice of infringement has been filed against you, you should immediately seek legal counsel.
This website (see our website’s Terms and Conditions of Use for definitions), including all text, HTML, scripts, and images are copyrighted and owned by RetailDoc. All rights reserved.
No part of this website may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, mechanical, electronic, or otherwise, including photocopying and recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, or transmitted by e-mail, or used in any other fashion without the express prior written permission of the website owner.
This, of course, excludes the downloading and temporary caching of this website on a personal computer for the explicit purpose of viewing this website, as well as any information clearly marked as reproducible. This copyright notice applies to everyone, including all visitors to this website.
DMCA PROVISIONS
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998, found at 17 U.S.C. § 512 ("DMCA"), provides recourse for owners of copyrighted materials who believe that their rights under United States copyright law have been infringed upon on the Internet.
Under the DMCA, the bona fide owner of copyrighted materials who has a good faith belief that their copyright has been infringed may contact not only the person or entity infringing on their copyright, but may also contact the designated agent of an Internet service provider to report alleged infringements of their protected works, when such alleged infringements appear on pages contained within the system of the Internet service provider (“ISP”).
The owner of this website and the ISP are committed to complying with international trade law, international trade practices, all United States laws, including United States copyright law. Upon receipt of a properly filed complaint under the DMCA, the owner and/or the ISP of this website will block access to the allegedly infringing material. The website owner and/or the ISP will forward a copy of the notification of claimed copyright infringement to the alleged infringer. Anyone who believes in good faith that a notice of copyright infringement has wrongfully been filed against them, may submit a Counternotice to the website owner and/or the ISP.
NOTIFICATION OF CLAIMED COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT Please send DMCA notifications of claimed copyright infringement to: THE WEBSITE OWNER Copyright Agent
Retail Doctor LLC 38 Riverside Ave. Coxsackie, New York 12051 United States
To file a notice of infringement with either the website owner or the ISP, you must provide a written communication that sets forth the items specified below. You will be liable for damages (including damages, costs, and attorneys’ fees) if you materially misrepresent that the website or a web page is infringing your copyright. Accordingly, if you are not sure whether certain material of yours is protected by copyright laws, we suggest that you first contact an attorney.
To expedite our ability to process your request, please use the following format (including section numbers):
1. Identify in sufficient detail the copyrighted work that you believe has been infringed upon.
2. Identify the material that you claim is infringing the copyrighted work listed in item #1 above. (You must include the URL(s) (the location(s) of the page(s) that contains the allegedly infringing material and also include a description of the specific content which you claim is infringing on your copyright.)
3. Provide information reasonably sufficient to permit the website owner to contact you (e-mail address and a phone number are required at a minimum).
4. Include the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. I also affirm that as the copyright owner, I have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by me, my agent, or the law."
5. The signature of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner. You may send your notice via email provided such notice includes a proper electronic signature. The signature or electronic signature must be that of the copyright owner, or a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive copyright that has allegedly been infringed. For details on the information required for valid notification, see 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)(3).
COUNTERNOTIFICATION TO CLAIMED COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT
If a notice of copyright infringement has been filed with the website owner and/or the ISP against you, the owner and/or the ISP will attempt to notify you and provide you with a copy of the notice of copyright infringement. If you have a good faith belief that you have been wrongfully accused, you may file a counternotification with the website owner and/or the ISP. If website owner and/or the ISP receives a valid counternotification, the DMCA provides that the removed or blocked information will be restored or access re-enabled.
The website owner and/or the ISP will replace the removed material and cease disabling access to it in not less than 10, nor more than 14, business days following receipt of the counternotification, unless the website owner and/or ISP first receives notice from the complaining party that such complaining party has filed an action seeking a court order to restrain the alleged infringer from engaging in infringing activity relating to the material on this website.
Please be advised that United States copyright law provides substantial penalties for a false counternotice filed in response to a notice of copyright infringement. Accordingly, if you are not sure whether certain material of yours is protected by copyright laws, we suggest that you first contact an attorney.
ANTI-SPAM POLICY
We hate unsolicited commercial e-mail as much as you do. Also known as Spam or junk e-mail, it is a disservice to the Internet community. We fully endorse and comply with the requirements of the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 (Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act), and all other applicable unsolicited commercial e-mail laws. If you subscribe to electronic newsletters or other communications from our website, you will always have an option to unsubscribe immediately. If you have additional questions, comments or concerns, please contact us by sending an e-mail to bob@retaildoc.com and providing us with information relating to your concern. You may also mail your concerns to us at the following address: Retail Doctor LLC 38 Riverside Ave. Coxsackie, New York 12051 United States This policy was last updated on 07-29-2010.
© 2020 Bob Phibbs The Retail Doctor
Legal Notices | Privacy Policy
In-Person Sales Training  Resource Center