https://www.ccbh.com/privacy-practices
Menu
About Us
Awards and Accreditations
Innovative Programs
Leadership
Legal Disclaimer
Translation
Privacy Practices
Nondiscrimination Notice
Careers
Contact Us
Privacy Practices
Community Care is required by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (also known as HIPAA) of 1996 to:
Make sure the information that identifies you is kept private.Follow the terms of the Notice of Privacy Practices currently in place.Give you a Notice of Privacy Practices that describes our legal duties and privacy practices regarding your medical information.Everyone receives this notice when they first get Community Care insurance coverage. We also send the notice to members every year. If you would like a written copy of the Notice of Privacy Practices from us, please call the Community Care office in your county, and we will mail you a paper copy of the notice. You can also view this notice below.
Notice of Privacy Practices
English         En español
Community Care is committed to keeping your personal medical information private and secure. We will use or share only the minimum necessary medical information needed to do our job. As your Behavioral Health Managed Care Organization, Community Care may use and share your medical information to help coordinate your treatment and pay for services. We may also share your medical information to help resolve a complaint you have about your care or to be sure you receive good quality health care. There are other times that we are required to share information by law or by our health care oversight agencies. Some uses and disclosures of information require your written permission. We will never use or disclose your medical information if that disclosure is prohibited by law or contract.
You also have a number of rights regarding your medical information, including the right to:
Ask for restrictions on the use or sharing of medical informationChoose the way we contact youLook at and copy your medical informationAsk for changes to your medical information if you believe there is a mistake in your recordsAsk for a list of when, to whom, and what information was sharedA paper copy of our Notice of Privacy PracticesTo have Community Care send you one of the below forms, please call the toll-free number listed for your county.
Request to have protected health information sent to a private mailing addressRequest to amend protected health informationRequest to restrict use and disclosure of protected health informationRequest Personal Representative DesignationRequest an Accounting of Disclosed Protected Health InformationRequest to Revoke an Authorization for Release of Information form