http://www.etchmark.co.uk/privacy-policy
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
General
Your personal data (e.g. title, name, house address, e-mail address, phone number, bank details, credit card number) are processed by us only in accordance with the provisions of UK data privacy laws. The following provisions describe the type, scope and purpose of collecting, processing and utilizing personal data. This data privacy policy applies only to our web pages. If links on our pages route you to other pages, please inquire there about how your data are handled in such cases.
Inventory data
(1) Your personal data, insofar as these are necessary for this contractual relationship (inventory data) in terms of its establishment, organization of content and modifications, are used exclusively for fulfilling the contract. For goods to be delivered, for instance, your name and address must be relayed to the supplier of the goods.
(2) Without your explicit consent or a legal basis, your personal data are not passed on to third parties outside the scope of fulfilling this contract. After completion of the contract, your data are blocked against further use. After expiry of deadlines as per tax-related and commercial regulations, these data are deleted unless you have expressly consented to their further use.
Web analysis with Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. (Google). Google Analytics uses cookies, i.e. text files stored on your computer to enable analysis of website usage by you. Information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the United States and stored there. In case of activated IP anonymization on this website, however, your IP address is previously truncated by Google within member states of the European Union or in other states which are party to the agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases is a full IP address transmitted to a Google server in the United States and truncated there. On behalf this website’s owner, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, compile reports about website activities, and provide the website’s operator with further services related to website and Internet usage. The IP address sent from your browser as part of Google Analytics is not merged with other data by Google. You can prevent storage of cookies by appropriately setting your browser software; in this case, however, please note that you might not be able to fully use all functions offered by this website. In addition, you can prevent data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) from being collected and processed by Google, by downloading and installing a browser plug-in from the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
This website uses Google Analytics with the extension „anonymizeIP“, IP addresses being truncated before further processing in order to rule out direct associations to persons.
Information about cookies
(1) To optimize our web presence, we use cookies. These are small text files stored in your computer’s main memory. These cookies are deleted after you close the browser. Other cookies remain on your computer (long-term cookies) and permit its recognition on your next visit. This allows us to improve your access to our site.
(2) You can prevent storage of cookies by choosing a „disable cookies“ option in your browser settings. But this can limit the functionality of our Internet offers as a result.
Spread the cost of your new marking equipment with our flexible Hire Purchase Solutions
Address
Ostling Etchmark Ltd
Unit 5 Romford Road
Astonfields Industrial Estate
Stafford
ENGLAND
ST16 3DZ
Phone
+44 (0)1785 253143
Calls may be recorded.
Email Address
etchmark@ostling.com
Contact Us
Please use the form below and we will be in touch as soon as possible.
Footer Contact Form
If you are human, leave this field blank.
Area of Interest
Laser
Dot Peening
Electrolytic
Contract Marking
Unsure
© 2020 Ostling Etchmark.
Website Design by Red Box Stafford Privacy Policy - Terms and Conditions
Home
Products
Laser Marking
OEM Laser Systems
AIO – All In One
LasOnAll XS Series
Complete Solutions
AIOBox
LaseBox
LaseMax
XS Designer Software
Laser Accessories
Electrolytic / Electrochemical Marking
Control Units
Semi-Automatic Systems
Electrolytes
Stencils
Stencil Printers
Electrolytic Accessories
Dot Peen Marking
Hand-Held PinMark Systems
Benchtop PinMark Systems
Combined PinMark Systems
Integrated Pin Mark Systems
Magic Pin
Pin Mark/Scribe Controllers
ID Plate Marking Station
Needle Systems
Accessories – Pin Mark / Scribers
Scribing
Benchtop Scribe Systems
Integration Scribe Systems
Deep Scribe
PinMark/Scribe Controllers
PinMark/Scribe Accessories
Vision Systems
Contract Marking
About Us
Contact Us
Resources
News Archive
Downloads
Product Marking Videos
What are Marking Systems?
Hire Purchase Options
Sectors
Aerospace Sector
Automotive Sector
Engineering Sector
Medical Sector
Plastics Sector