http://www.wavin.com/en-en/legal-disclaimer
Home >
Legal disclaimer >
Home
Legal Disclaimer
User Terms and Conditions
Welcome to the Wavin website. By using this site you agree to the applicability of our web-site user terms and conditions. We note that these terms and conditions may be changed over time. Users of the site are advised to regularly read the terms and conditions for possible changes. The conditions are also available for inspection at the head office of Wavin, Stationsplein 3, (8011 CW) Zwolle, The Netherlands. If you wish to receive a hard copy of these conditions, please send an e-mail with your address to info@wavin.com.
General
This website is owned and operated by Wavin Holding B.V., a company established under Dutch law, with trade register number 05078970. In these terms and conditions Wavin Holding B.V., together with its subsidiaries, as well as separately will be referred to as “Wavin”.
Disclaimer
Wavin will make reasonable efforts to provide up-to-date and accurate information on and by this website. However, this website serves information purposes only. No rights can be exercised from the information provided on the website of Wavin.
Liability
Wavin shall not be liable for any damages or injury of any kind resulting from your access to, or inability to access, this website, nor from your reliance on any Information provided on or by this website, including but not limited to damages as a result from viruses that may infect your computer equipment, defective software or data, the use of electronic communication, including – but not limited to damages resulting from failure or delay in delivery of electronic communications, interception or manipulation of electronic communications by third parties or by computerprograms used for electronic communications and transmission of viruses., unless such damage is the result of any intentional misconduct or from negligence on the part of Wavin.
Linked Sites
The website of Wavin may provide links or references to websites of third parties. Wavin disclaims any responsibility for the content of such other sites. Please be aware that our Privacy and Cookie Statement does not apply to the collection and processing of your data on such other sites. Wavin shall not be liable for any damages or injury of any kind arising from your access to, or inability to access or use of such other sites and the information provided thereon, nor from your use of or reliance on any information provided on such other sites. Any links to such other sites are provided merely as a convenience to the users of this website.
Other information provided by user
Wavin shall be free to use or copy all information and/or materials ("Materials"), including ideas, inventions, concepts, techniques, software or know-how disclosed therein, provided by user in any way for any purpose. Such purposes may include disclosure of the Materials to third parties and/or to develop, manufacture and/or market these Materials. Wavin shall not be bound by any confidentiality obligation with respect to the Materials. User hereby indemnifies and holds Wavin harmless from and against all actions, claims and liabilities, suffered, incurred or sustained by Wavin as a result of the use and/or exploitation of the Materials by Wavin.
Products and services
All products and services sold by Wavin entities are subject to the relevant Wavin standard terms and conditions of sale, a copy of which can be ordered via info@wavin.com.
Intellectual Property
Unless otherwise indicated, all intellectual property rights with respect to this web-site and all information provided on or by this web-site (whether in text, images, lay out, software and other materials) are owned by Wavin. Wavin permits you to display, store and reproduce material from this website for personal use and non-commercial and informational purposes only. The use of the website of Wavin is subject to the following conditions:
No part of this website may be distributed or sold for commercial gain or for political purposes;
No part of this website may be modified in any way;
The copyright notice ("from the website of Wavin") must appear on every copy or part thereof and the date of copying.
Unless otherwise indicated, all the trademarks displayed on this website are owned by or have been licensed to Wavin.
Nothing on this website should be construed as granting any license or right with respect to any trademark, copyright, patent or any other intellectual property right of Wavin.
Permission in writing of Wavin is required for any other use of intellectual property contained on this website and all information provided on or via this web-site. Any misuse of its contents is strictly prohibited.
Applicable Law, Jurisdiction
This website can be accessed from various countries around the world. As each of these countries has laws that may differ from those of the Netherlands, by accessing this website you agree that the laws of the Netherlands shall apply to all matters arising from or relating to the use and contents of this website or information provided to you by this website. User also agrees to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts of The Netherlands with respect to such matters.
Severability
If these Website User Terms & Conditions are or become partially void, the parties will continue to be bound by remainder of the same. The parties shall replace the void part by provisions that are valid and have legal effect that correspond with those of the void part as much as possible, taking into account the content and purport of these User Terms & Conditions.