http://www.pharming.com/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Home
Privacy statement
Privacy Statement
At Pharming Group N.V. (“we” “us” “Pharming”) we are committed to protecting your personal data. If you use our website, we may collect information that can be used to identify you (“personal data”).
At Pharming Group N.V. (“we” “us” “Pharming”) we are committed to protecting your personal data. If you use our website, we may collect information that can be used to identify you (“personal data”).
This Privacy Policy explains how we use the personal data we collect during your use of this website and the rights you have in connection with your personal data. By using this website, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Please read our Terms of Use for the general rules about your use of this website.
You may be subject to additional terms when you follow a link from this website to other sites. We suggest that you review the Privacy Policy or Terms of Use of any linked website. Other websites Privacy Policy’s and Terms of Use are considered separate and apart from this website’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Categories of Personal Data
You can access most of this site without us collecting any personal information from you. However, we may collect the following types of personal data from you when you use our website:Contact information – such as your name, address, telephone numbers, email addresses and social media information, that you provide to us.Demographic information – such as gender, citizenship, date of birth that you provide to us.
Personal data in forms, reports and notifications that you submit to us.Health information – such as medical conditions that you submit to us.Registrations of your conversations with us – if you contact us in anyway, by telephone, email, online form, or via our website or social media, we can keep and record information that you provide.Our website – we will collect information about the pages you look at and how you use them. For more information please see our Cookies Policy below. Location data –your device’s IP address can tell us your location when you connect to our website.
Purpose of collecting personal data
We collect and use your personal data for the purposes described in the table below:
How we collect your personal data
Directly from you: We collect personal information you give Pharming when you:
contact us regarding product information, services or regulations relating to Pharming products;
fill out forms or information sheets that Pharming provides to you;
report or notify us about Pharming products or services; or
contact us in any other way such as our website, telephone, email, or social media.
Our website: We collect information about how you use our website.
Third Parties: Pharming may collect personal data about you from third parties. For example, as part of an investigation of an adverse reaction, healthcare professionals.
Processing activities
Your personal data will be ‘processed’ by Pharming as defined in the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016). Processing may include, but is not limited to:
Collecting, recording, systemizing, storing, updating, modifying, retrieving, using, transferring (distributing, providing, accessing), blocking, erasing or removing (“Processing”).
Pharming only uses your personal data when the law permits us to do so. These are the main reasons in which the law allows Pharming to use your personal data:
Consent: if you have consented to the collection and processing of your personal data.
Contract: if Pharming need your personal data to execute an Agreement between us.
Legal obligation: if Pharming must comply with a legal obligation. For example, a legal requirement to report suspected adverse reactions to our medicines.
Life interests: if the use of your personal data is necessary to protect the life interests of you or another person. For example, where there is a serious health risk for you or another person.
General interest: if the use of your personal data is necessary for the public interest.
Legitimate interest: if the use of your personal data serves our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not reject those interests. This includes carefully considered and specific purposes, which enable us to improve the services we provide, which in our opinion also benefits our customers and final consumers. This also includes the legitimate interest we have in assessing the operation and safety of our products and in complying with our industry and regulatory obligations.
When dealing with sensitive personal data (such as medical data) Pharming is required to have additional legal grounds for collection and use. These are some instances in which the law allows Pharming to use your sensitive personal data:
Consent: if you have given Pharming your express permission for the use of your personal data.
Life interests: if Pharming’s use of your personal data is necessary to protect the life interests of you or another person, and you are unable to give your consent. For example, where there is a serious health risk for you or another person.
Providing health care: if your personal data is needed for health care or health treatment.
General interest: if your personal data is necessary for the public interest, such as protection against serious health threats and to ensure high standards for Pharming products and related healthcare.
For more information about our use of sensitive personal data please see our Pharmacovigilance Privacy Policy.
Withdrawing your consent
If Pharming collects and processes your personal data that you provide to us, you can withdraw your consent for us to process that data at any time. After you withdraw your consent we will not process your data from that point onwards.
If you would like to withdraw your consent, you can contact us filling in this Form or by email at gdprcompliance@pharming.com.
How long we keep your personal data
Pharming only retains your personal data for as long as necessary to complete the Purposes of Processing.  This may include compliance with legal or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, Pharming considers:
the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data;
the potential risk of unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data;
the purposes for which we process your personal data; and
the appropriate legal requirements.
In some circumstances we may anonymize your personal data so that it can no longer be connected to you, and we can use such information without further notice.
Keeping your personal data safe
Pharming has security measures in place to prevent your personal data from being improperly accessed, lost, used, modified or disclosed in an unauthorized manner.
Pharming’s service providers and employees have restricted access to your personal data. They will only use your personal data in accordance with our instructions and must keep your personal information confidential.
If Pharming suspects there is a security breach, we will notify you and the appropriate organizations in accordance with our legal requirements.
Who can access your personal data?
Pharming may share personal information with the following persons and organizations:
Pharming staff - your personal data is accessible to our staff, but only where this is necessary for their job.
Other service providers and consultants - such as companies that support our IT, help Pharming analyse the data we hold, provide Pharming with legal or financial advice and help us deliver our services to you.
The government or our regulators - where Pharming is required to do so by law or to aid with investigations or initiatives, including relevant data protection and healthcare regulators. Such parties use the personal data for their own purposes and their own privacy statement applies to the use of the personal data they hold.
Pharming does not disclose personal information except for the above, where we have a legal obligation to do so, or where we need to share information to assist with investigating and preventing crimes. Pharming may provide other third parties with statistical information and analysis, but we verify that the information is aggregated prior to disclosure and that no one can be identified from this information.
Processing your personal data outside Europe
Your personal data may be transferred to companies in countries that operate and are located outside of the EU/EEA (Europe). When transferring personal data to countries outside of Europe, Pharming uses standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission to ensure a sufficient level of protection for your personal data.
Your rights
In certain circumstances, you have the right to:
Request access to your personal data. If you request access of your personal data, we will send you a copy of the personal data we hold about you.
To request a correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This allows you to correct incomplete or inaccurate personal data that we hold about you.
Request us to delete your personal data. You can ask Pharming to delete your personal data, where there is no good reason to continue the processing by us. You also have the right to ask us to delete your personal data, where you have asserted your right to object to processing (see below).
Object to the processing of your personal data. If Pharming are processing your data due to a legitimate interest (or the interest of a third party), you can object to processing on this ground due to a special feature in your situation. You can also object to receiving direct marketing from Pharming.
Request to limit the processing of your personal data. You can ask us to suspend the processing of personal data about you under certain circumstances, for example if you want the processing to be limited until the accuracy of the personal data has been determined.
If you would like to complete any of the above actions, you can contact us by filing in this Form or by email at gdprcompliance@pharming.com
Pharming will immediately investigate your requests and respond to you within a month of receiving your request. We can extend this period by another two months, where necessary, to enable us to respond appropriately (for example if the request is complicated for our settlement and we need more time), but in that case we will share the reasons for delay.
If we decide not to act on the request, we will inform you of the reasons. If you disagree with a decision taken by us in connection with a filed request regarding your rights or believe that we are infringing data protection laws in Europe, you can file a complaint with the data protection regulator in Europe.
Cookies
If you use our website, we may use cookies to collect information about how you use our website. Cookies are small files which are stored on a user’s computer. They are designed to hold a small amount of data specific to the user and can be accessed either by the web server or the client computer. This allows the server to deliver a website tailored to the user.
To help us understand who uses our website and how they use our website, Pharming may use cookies or equivalent software to collect information about your website activities, your browser and device.
You can delete or reject browser cookies through the settings on your browser or device however the rejection or removal of cookies may affect the availability and functionality of our services.
Updates of this Statement
We encourage you to check this statement for updates from time to time. We reserve the right to make additions, deletions, or modifications to this statement from time to time to reflect the changes to the way in which we process personal data.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about how we process your personal information, or you want to assert one of your rights, please contact us at gdprcompliance@pharming.com.
Cookies:
This website uses cookies Check the cookies page for more information
Accept
Decline
Taal aanpassen
Wilt u overschakelen naar een andere taal? Klik hier voor de Nederlandse website.
Taal aanpassen
Sluiten