http://www.pbbanking.com/privacy-policy
Skip Navigation
Enter search words
Search
Search
Menu
Bank
Online Deposit Application
Personal Checking
Personal Savings
Business Checking
Business Savings
A+ Savings Program and Club
Online Banking
Bill Payment
Digital Wallet
CardValet
Mobile Banking
Peoples Bank Protection Plus Opt-In
Routing Transit Information
Quick Change Switch Kit
Telephone Banking
Safety Deposit Boxes
Borrow
Online Loan Application
Loan Services
Auto Loans
Personal Loans
Business/Commercial Loans
Agriculture Loans
Personal Financial Statement
Welcome Home Program Information
Mortgage
Convenience
Consumer Help Links
Convenience Services
Helpful Links
Properties For Sale
Banking Holiday Calendar
Financial Calculators
Learn
ATM Safety Tips
Consumer Tips
Data Breach FAQs
Debit Card FAQs
Financial Tips
Mobile Banking Safety Tips
Online Banking Settings Guide
Protecting Yourself Online
College Center
Financial Abuse of the Elderly
Tips and News
Correcting Bank Account Errors
About
Branch & ATM Locator
Our Values and History
Executive Profile
VItoP Club
VItoP Travel Journal
Photo Gallery
Wall of Fame Scholarship
Contact Us
Check Reorder
Privacy Policy
Rev. 12/2010
FACTS
WHAT DOES PEOPLES BANK DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and Account Balance
Payment History and Credit History
Overdraft History and Account Transactions
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons Peoples Bank chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Peoples Bank share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes—such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes—to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes—information about your transactions and experiences
No
We don't share
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
No
We don't share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We don't share
Questions?
Call 931-676-3311 or go to www.pbbanking.com
Page 2
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
Peoples Bank
What we do
How does Peoples Bank protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does Peoples Bank collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
Open an account or Make deposits/withdrawals from your account
Pay your bills or Apply for a loan
Make a wire transfer
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Peoples Bank does not share with our affiliates.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Peoples Bank does not share with non-affiliates so they can market to you
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Peoples Bank doesn't jointly market
Other important information
For a PDF Printable copy click here.
Certificates of Deposit
Looking for a reliable way to grow your savings? A Certificate of Deposit with Peoples Bank might just be the thing to help you achieve your goals.
Learn More
Message Alert
Helps you stay on top of account transactions so any unauthorized or fraudulent transactions can be caught early!
Learn More