http://www.mainestatecu.org/privacy-information/
Adjust Contrast( Press C )Text Size( Press T )Sitemap( Press S )Accessibility Statement( Press A )Close Toolbar( Press Escape )Need help?800-540-8707 »Contact Us »AccessibilityOptionsSkip to main contentPersonalBusinessLendingOpen An AccountApply for a LoanView RatesResourcesAbout Contact
Branches & Hours
Search barPersonalBusinessLendingResourcesAboutSearchSearchSearchcloseBreadcrumb page navigationHomePrivacy InformationPrivacy Information     Privacy Notice and DisclosureMaine State Credit Union is owned by its members and run by a Board of Directors you elect. You can be confident that your financial privacy is a top priority of this credit union. We are required by law to give you this privacy notice to explain how we collect, use and safeguard your personal financial information. If you have any questions, please contact the Member Services Department at 1-800-540-8707 or 207-623-1851.  Click MSCU Privacy Notice to download  a PDF version of this notice.Maine State Credit Union does not and will not sell mailing lists or the financial information of its membership. We do, however, share certain information in the course of providing and administering the products and services you use. All of our information sharing is protected by contractual non-disclosure agreements.Collection and Disclosure of Personal InformationWhen you apply for a product or service, you provide personal information necessary for us to process your application. In order to fulfill your requests and continue to maintain your membership effectively, we retain and may share information we learn about you from the following sources: information we receive from you on applications or other forms; information about your transactions with us or others; information we receive from a consumer reporting agency; information obtained when verifying the information you provide on an application or other forms, such as from your current or past employers or from other financial institutions where you conduct business.Sharing Information with Third PartiesGenerally, we share your nonpublic personal information with non-affiliated third parties to complete transactions and maintain accounts and related records (such as data processors and check printers). We may also share information with select non-affiliated third parties if: you request or authorize it; the information is necessary to process a transaction initiated by you; the information is provided to a consumer reporting agency in accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act; or the disclosure is permitted or required by law, for example in response to a subpoena. We may occasionally provide the name and address information to reputable non-affiliated third parties, with whom we have joint marketing agreements, to give you access to products or services that are not offered directly by the Credit Union (for example as a member, you’re eligible to access special group rates on insurance). We may also work with financial data groups that provide objective data to help us determine what future services you would find value in. We enter into agreements only with businesses we believe provide quality products or services and who follow strict confidentiality requirements to assure that they are legally bound to safeguard any information that is shared with them. If you terminate your membership with Maine State Credit Union, we will not share information we have collected about you, except as permitted or required by law.How We Protect Your InformationWe take security seriously. While we continue to provide you convenient new methods by which to access your account, we realize there are a number of precautions we must take to safeguard the information you are transmitting. For example, transmissions between your PC and the Online Advantage file servers are encrypted so that the information you enter can only be deciphered by the Credit Union.We restrict the level of access our employees have to your financial and non-financial data based on their responsibilities and hold them to high levels of confidentiality. In addition, we maintain physical, electronic and procedural protections that comply with federal regulations to guard your nonpublic personal information and privacy.Accuracy of InformationWe strive to make sure our records are accurate. Inaccurate information, when brought to our attention, is corrected promptly. We request that you keep your personal information with us as current as possible so that you may take advantage of all that the Credit Union has to offer.Online Privacy PolicyAt Maine State Credit Union, your privacy is important to us. This Online Privacy Policy is intended to disclose how we treat information you provide us through the www.mainestatecu.org website.General: As a general policy, Maine State Credit Union does not collect personal information from users of its website. Maine State Credit Union does collect and store: information on the domain a user uses to access its website, the Internet address of the website from which a user links to the website, and the date and time of the user’s visit to the website. This information is used for statistical purposes to measure the number of visitors to its website and the route a user travels while within the website to better serve users in improved design and site navigation.Member-Only Areas: Personal identification (i.e. account number, password) is collected when a valid credit union member with active credit union accounts has registered to enter the secure online banking area of the credit union’s website. This information enables the credit union to regulate access to this information to those entitled to perform transactions on these accounts.Maine State Credit Union does not sell or provide any member information to any list services. We will disclose information to third parties about your account or the transactions you engage in: (a) where it is necessary to complete transactions you have authorized, or (b) in order to verify the existence and condition of your account for a third party, such as a credit bureau or merchant, or (c) in order to comply with government agency or court orders, subpoenas and other legal documents, or (d) if you give Maine State Credit Union your permission.Cookies: Maine State Credit Union’s website requires the use of cookies, which are small pieces of information website stores on a visitor’s web browser to remind the site about the user the next time he or she visits the site. Maine State Credit Union does not store confidential or sensitive information in cookies. Maine State Credit Union uses cookies to enhance its members’ online banking session and ease navigation through its website. For certain applications, such as Online Advantage +, cookies are required to help protect the privacy of a member’s transaction by, for example, automatically terminating the online session if the member forgets to log out. Cookies cannot be used to capture a user’s email address, obtain data from the user’s hard drive or gain confidential or sensitive information about the user. Additionally, cookies cannot be read by a website other than the one that sent the cookie. Maine State Credit Union’s website does not use cookies to obtain information from the user’s browser, however, some websites do. The user has the option to set his or her browser to notify before accepting a cookie to control whether a cookie is accepted or rejected.Online Forms: Maine State Credit Union provides several online form resources (i.e. loan application, check order) to better serve the needs of its members. Personal information provided by a user via any of the credit union’s online forms is used by Maine State Credit Union only to process the member’s request for service. All information transmitted on Maine State Credit Union’s online forms is encrypted to protect the user’s privacy.Email Communication: Personal information transmitted to Maine State Credit Union through our regular email address may be used by credit union staff to respond to inquiries for service or information, or to improve the service the credit union provides. Since email communication may not be secure against interception by unauthorized individuals, the credit union has developed a secure email address which may be accessed through our web site. Online Advantage + also contains a secure email feature. Please be sure to use the secure email feature on our web site or on Online Advantage + when transmitting personal or sensitive information to the credit union.For additional information about Maine State Credit Union’s Privacy Policy, inquire via email, stop by any of our locations, or contact us at 207-623-1851 or 800-540-8707.