http://www.sprayfoam.org/terms-of-use
Friday December 11, 2020, 1:38 am
HomeAboutWho is SPFAJob BoardMembership BenefitsJoin SPFACommitteesResourcesContact UsCertificationCertification EspanolInsulation Certification ProgramInsulation Certification Program EspanolRoofing Certification ProgramRoofing Certification Program EspañolField Examiners & Field ExaminationsContractor Company AccreditationSupplier Company AccreditationSupplier Representative CertificationFAQsTechnicalSPFA Technical DocumentsSPFA Tech TipsSPFA Research ProjectsCodes and StandardsEnergy & the Environment Success StoriesAsk the ExpertGlossary of TermsFAQsHealth & SafetySPFA Convention & ExpoExhibitor InformationAttendee InformationSponsor InformationSPFA Industry Excellence AwardsPast ConventionsSPFA Member Awards
Click here to view the SPFA Annual Membership Directory and Buyers' Guide.
Events Calendar
«
<
December 2020 >
»
S
M
T
W
T
F
S
29
30
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
1
2
User Name
Password
Remember Me
Forgot your password?
Forgot your username?
Member Spotlight
Profoam is owned and operated by Ted Medford. Ted has been involved in the spray foam industry for over twenty years. During that time, he has owned and operated a very successful spray foam contracting company, owned and operated an equally successful spray foam and equipment distribution company and has also worked as an executive for a major spray foam manufacturing company for four years.
Ted and the entire Profoam staff bring a rare and unique level of service, expertise and marketing resources to spray foam contractors. As a former home builder and spray foam contractor we understand your business, your challenges and your needs better than any other supplier. Having built nearly 500 equipment rigs in our history, and helped literally hundreds of entrepreneurs build successful SPF businesses, there is no better partner to help your foam and coatings business succeed.
Now after decades of real life experience with sprayfoam equipment, application, sales, marketing and business ownership and operation, Ted has combined some of the industry’s highest performing materials, most renowned application equipment and leading contractor marketing programs into the spray foam industry’s most progressive new supplier – Profoam.
“My customers can be assured that they will be given the proper tools, equipment and knowledge to enter, or expand in the the spray foam insulation industry. My commitment to being the best equipment provider and spray foam supplier has never been stronger. I look forward to building strong equipment, strong relationships and strong companies that will bring more integrity to our industry.”
Terms of Use
NOTICE OF DISCLAIMER
All content, including, but not limited to publications, charts, tables, and statistics made available on the Spray Polyurethane Foam Alliance (hereinafter SPFA) website are intended to serve only as an informational resource for SPFA website users. SPFA, its officers, directors, employees, authorized representatives, agents and assigns make no representations or warranties of any kind with regard to the contents of the website, including, but not limited to, publications, charts, tables, and statistics and disclaims any and all liability for damages or losses of any kind to person or property, including, but not limited to, direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages, attorneys fees or costs, arising out of or relating to the use of the website content, publications, charts, tables and/or statistics made available on the SPFA website. No advice, information or documentation obtained by you from SPFA personnel or the website shall create any warranty or liability on the part of SPFA.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE OF THE SPFA WEBSITE
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE WEBSITE
By using the SPFA website, you acknowledge your consent to these terms and conditions of use. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions of use, you should not use this website.
The website is owned and operated by SPFA. SPFA welcomes you to browse the website, with the understanding that your access and use of the website is subject to the specific terms and conditions set forth herein and all applicable Federal, State and Local laws and regulations. By accessing and browsing the website, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the terms and conditions set forth herein. SPFA retains the unconditional right to at any time and for any reason modify, delete or add to these terms and conditions effective immediately upon notice thereof, which may be given by any means, including, but not limited to, posting on the website a revised version of the terms and conditions of use. If any such change is unacceptable to you, you must immediately discontinue your use of the website. You further agree to periodically review the terms and conditions that are set forth herein to be aware of any additions or revisions.
Restrictions on Use of Materials
This website contains material that is protected, nationally and internationally, by applicable copyright and trademark laws. No material may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, downloaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed or in any way decompiled, except that you may download one copy only of such material on any single computer for your personal or commercial use, provided you keep intact any and all copyright and other proprietary notices. Modification of the materials is strictly prohibited. The use of any such materials on any other website or computer environment is strictly prohibited without the express written consent of an authorized representative of SPFA. If you download any copyrighted or trademarked information, data, or images, these materials are licensed to you by SPFA on a limited, non-exclusive basis. SPFA transfers no right, title or ownership interest in the material to you. You may not re-sell or distribute the material in any form or manner.
Disclaimer
Your use and browsing of the website is entirely at your own risk. If you are dissatisfied with any of the services, materials, information or publications contained or identified on the website, your sole and exclusive remedy with respect to the officers, directors, employees, authorized representatives, agents and assigns is to immediately discontinue accessing and using the website.
To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable Federal, State and Local laws, SPFA, its officers, directors, employees, authorized representatives, agents and assigns and/or any party involved in creating, producing, delivering or modifying the website disclaim and deny any and all liability for injuries or damages of any kind, including but not limited to direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, punitive damages, attorneys fees or costs arising out of or relating to your access to, or use of, the website or the contents contained and offering herein. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the website is offered to you “as is” without warranty, representation, or condition of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. SPFA, its officers, directors, employees, authorized representatives, agents and assigns assume no responsibility, and shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses or other harmful components that may infect your computer equipment or other property on account of your accessing or browsing in the website or the server that makes it available, or your downloading of any materials, information or data from the website.
SPFA is making available on the website for your review and examination information, data and publications supplied by third parties. Any opinions, statements, services or other information or content expressed or made available by third parties are those of the respective authors and not of SPFA, its officers, directors, employees, authorized representatives, agents and assigns. Without restricting any of the foregoing limitations, conditions or disclaimers, SPFA and any third party provider of information, services or content provided on or through the website reserve the right to at any time, without condition or restriction, change or discontinue any aspect or feature of the website, including without limitation, the content, hours of availability, and equipment required for access or use.
Third Party Sites
This website may contain links and pointers to internet websites maintained by third parties. SPFA has not reviewed all of the third party sites that may be linked to this website nor has it used all of the services or products offered by third parties on this or any other linked website. SPFA, its officers, directors, employees, authorized representatives, agents and assigns are not responsible or liable for the contents of or use of any services or products offered on this or any other third party website and make no representations or warranties of any kind regarding the same.
Limitation of Liability
In no event shall SPFA, its officers, directors, employees, authorized representatives, agents and assigns or its licensors, suppliers or any other party involved in the creation, production, or delivery of the website be liable for any injuries or damages of any kind, including, but not limited to, direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, reliance, special or punitive damages, or attorneys fees or costs arising out of or relating to your access to, or use of, or inability to use the website or the materials contained within the website, or this agreement, including without limitation, damages for harm to person or property, business, lost profits, lost savings or lost revenues, however such damages are caused, and whether based in contract, tort (including negligence) or any other theory of liability. The foregoing limitations shall apply whether SPFA, its officers, directors, employees, authorized representatives, agents, assigns, suppliers, or any third party involved in the creation, production, maintenance or delivery of the website have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
SPFA, its officers, directors, employees, authorized representatives, agents and assigns and all other parties involved in the creation, production or delivery of the website shall not be responsible for any damages resulting from unauthorized access by third parties to other parties transmission facilities or premises, equipment or for unauthorized access, alternation, theft, loss or destruction of network systems, applications, data files, programs, procedures or information through accident, fraudulent means or devices or any other method unless such damage is caused by an intentional act of SPFA, its officers, directors, employees, authorized representatives, agents or assigns, or any third party involved with the production or delivery of this website. The limitations of liability set forth herein apply even if SPFA, its officers, directors, employees, authorized representatives, agents or assigns have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Applicable Federal, State or Local law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. However, in no event shall SPFA’s total liability to you for all claims, damages, injuries, losses, and causes of action, whether in contract or in tort (including without limitation negligence), or otherwise, exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing this website.
In the event you transmit, introduce, or otherwise cause any technical disruption of this SPFA website or the services transmitting the SPFA website to you, you agree to be responsible for any and all damages, liabilities and costs (including reasonable attorneys fees and costs) arising from any and all claims brought by third parties caused by or based upon such technical disruptions. For purposes of this agreement, “technical disruption” means distribution of unauthorized or unsolicited advertising or chain letters, propagation of computer worms, viruses or other harmful code, and/or using the website to make unauthorized entry to any other machine accessible via the website. Furthermore, you are solely responsible for the content of any transmissions using the website and agree not to upload, post or otherwise make available on the website any material protected by a proprietary right of a third party without first obtaining express written permission of the owner of such proprietary right. You shall be solely and completely liable for any damages, liabilities, losses, costs or expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) arising out of any claim of infringement or violation of proprietary rights or any other harm arising from the uploading, posting or other submission of materials by you.
Miscellaneous
This document entitled terms and conditions of use of the SPFA website shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. If any provision of this agreement regarding terms and conditions of use shall be held invalid or unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severed from this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any of the remaining provisions. This is the entire agreement between the parties relating to the matter set forth herein and shall not be modified except in writing, signed by authorized representatives of both parties.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE FOREGOING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE OR ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO ENTER INTO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, PLEASE EXIT THE WEBSITE IMMEDIATELY.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact info@sprayfoam.org.
PRIVACY POLICY
SPFA recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of its website users. Please read SPFA’s privacy policy below.
SPFA is committed to protecting your privacy. Any personal information that you provide to SPFA should be done by you on a completely voluntary basis. We only use the information you voluntarily provide to process your requests and/or provide you with additional information about the organization and its programs. In addition, we compile aggregate statistics about traffic on our website for internal use only. Any detailed personal information you provide will not be released.
Any personal information you voluntarily provide will be collected and stored by SPFA and its electronic business service provider contractees. If you later change your mind and decide that you no longer want personal information made available to SPFA, or you wish to be excluded from future e-mail communications from SPFA, please contact SPFA at 800-523-6154. Also please understand that once SPFA has provided your information to third party business affiliates, it can no longer exercise any control over subsequent users. In the event you later decide you do not want to receive any additional information from a particular business entity, it will be your responsibility to contact that entity and request your removal from its mailing list.
Please keep in mind that whenever you provide personal information online, there is a risk that it may be collected and used by people you don’t know. Although SPFA strives to protect the personal information of its website users, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online and you do so at your own risk.
When you are on the SPFA website, you may have options to enter other websites, pages or links that are outside of our service and beyond our control. SPFA is not responsible for the content, requirements, services, performance, or any other aspect of these websites.
SPFA may release personal information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to comply with the law, enforce or apply the terms of any of our agreements, or protect the rights or safety of the SPFA, our users or others.
By using the SPFA website, you consent to this privacy policy. If you do not agree, you should exit the site here.
SPFA SOCIAL MEDIA POLICY
BY POSTING ON ANY SPRAY POLYURETHANE FOAM ALLIANCE (HEREINAFTER SPFA) SOCIAL MEDIA SITE, YOU HEREBY AGREE TO BE BOUND BY AND ADHERE TO THE FOLLWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
The SPFA social media sites includes, but are not limited to various blogs, bulletin boards, networks, multi-media and news media sites (“Social Media Sites”) which allow users to view content and post comments about spray polyurethane foam and the industry, including the exchange of ideas, relevant and useful information, and problems and solutions that relate to the spray polyurethane foam industry. By accessing, viewing, using and/or posting any content related directly or indirectly to a Social Media Site on the internet, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the following terms and conditions of use.
If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy, you should not view or post any content to a Social Media Site on the internet. Your use of the Social Media Sites is deemed to be a binding and conclusive acceptance of this Policy and has the same effect as if you had actually physically signed an agreement.
You must be at least 18 years old to post any content on any Social Media Site.
You are strictly prohibited from posting any content to any SPFA Social Media Site on the internet that violates any local, state, federal or international laws and regulations, including but not limited to copyright and intellectual property rights laws regarding any content that you send or receive via this Policy; transmit any material, comment or information (by uploading, posting, e-mail, or otherwise) that is unlawful, false, disruptive, threatening, profane, abusive, harassing, embarrassing, tortuous, defamatory, obscene, libelous, or is an invasion of another’s privacy, is hateful, malicious, racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable as solely determined in SPFA’s absolute discretion; impersonate any person or entity or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; transmit any material, comment or information (by uploading, posting, e-mail or otherwise) that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual, professional or fiduciary relationships; transmit any material, comment or information (by uploading, posting, e-mail or otherwise) that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party; transmit (by uploading, posting, e-mail or otherwise) any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising of products or services, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other form of solicitation; transmit any material, comment or information (by uploading, posting, e-mail or otherwise) that contains software viruses, worms, disabling code, or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; harass another; or collect or store, or attempt to collect or store, personal data about third parties without their knowledge and consent; or to share confidential or proprietary information of any party.
SPFA reserves the right to monitor, prohibit, restrict, block, suspend, terminate, delete or discontinue your access to any SPFA Social Media Site, at any time, without notice and for any reason and in its sole and absolute discretion. SPFA may remove, delete block, filter or restrict by any other means any materials on the SPFA Social Media Site in SPFA’s sole and absolute discretion. You understand and agree that SPFA may disclosure your communications and activities in response to lawful requests by governmental authorities, including judicial orders, warrants or subpoenas, or for the protection of SPFA. You agree that in the event SPFA exercises any of these rights hereunder for any reason, neither SPFA, nor its officers, directors, employees or volunteers will have any liability to you.
By posting any content on the Social Media Site, you grant to SPFA the irrevocable right to reproduce, distribute, publish, and display such content and the right to create derivative works from your content, edit or modify such content and use such content for SPFA purposes.
You hereby agree that you shall defend, indemnify and hold SPFA and its officers, directors, employees, agents and volunteers harmless from and against, and shall promptly reimburse them for , any and all losses, claims, actions, causes of action, liabilities, damages or injuries to persons, property, business or reputation, settlements, costs and expenses of any nature (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and court costs) to which any of them may become subject arising out of, resulting from or in any way connected with your posting of any content to a Social Media Site, any third party claims of infringement or any breach of this Policy.
YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY RELATED TO THE SECURITY, PRIVACY, AND CONFIDENTIALITY RISKS INHERENT IN SENDING ANY CONTENT OVER THE INTERNET. By its very nature, a website and the internet cannot be absolutely protected against intentional or malicious intrusion attempts. SPFA exercises no controls over Third Party Sites and the internet over which you may choose to send confidential or proprietary information or other content and therefore, SPFA DOES NOT WARRANT OR SAFEGUARD AGAINST ANY such interceptions or compromises to your information. When posting any content on an internet site, you should think very carefully about your own privacy in disclosing detailed or private information about yourself and others. Furthermore, SPFA DOES NOT ENDORSE ANY PRODUCT, SERVICE, VIEWS OR CONTENT DISPLAYED ON THE SOCIAL MEDIA SITES.
You agree that any claim or dispute relating to your posting of any content on a Social Media Site on the internet shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Virginia without regard to its conflict of law provisions and you agree to be bound by and be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the local, state and federal courts of the State of Virginia.
You agree that you shall not provide any content on any Social Media Site that contains any product or service endorsements, or any content that may be construed as political lobbying, solicitations or contributions or use the Social Media Sites to link to any sites or political candidates or parties or use the Social Media Sites to discuss political campaigns, issues or for taking a position on any legislation or law.
THIS POLICY MAY BE UPDATED AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE, AND EACH TIME A USER ACCESSES A SOCIAL NETWORKING/MEDIA SITE, THIS OR ANY NEW POLICY WILL GOVERN USAGE EFFECTIVE UPON POSTING. To remain in compliance, SPFA recommends that you review the Policy, as well as the other SPFA website policies, at regular intervals. By continuing to post any content after such new terms are posted, you accept and agree to any and all such modifications of this Policy.
SPFA believes that the path to a healthful, safe, high-quality and performing SPF installation travels through the hands of a knowledgeable, trained, experienced, and ideally PCP-certified professional contractor.
AntitrustTerms of UseContact Us
© SPFA 2013. All Rights Reserved.