https://www.scaleways.co.uk/site/privacy-and-cookies-policies
Site Menu
Home
Scales & Equipment
Laboratory Scales
Portable Scales
Bench Scales
Suspended Weighing
Floor Scales
Platform Scales
Medical Scales & Measuring Equipment
Retail Scales
Calibration Weights
Pallet Trucks
Accessories
Veterinary Scales
Scale Manufacturers
Adam Scales
Kern Scales
Soehnle Scales
AND Scales
Marsden Scales
T-Scale Scales
CAS Scales
Ohaus Scales
UWE Scales
DIGI Scales
Salter Scales
Jadaver Scales
Seca Scales
Our Services
Scale Calibration
Scale Maintenance
Contract Services
Our Company
Contact Us
Scaleways (Leicester) Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Scaleways (Leicester) Ltd may change this policy by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What data do we collect?
We may collect the following information:
Name
Contact information including email address
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the 'cookies' section below.
What do we do with the information we gather?
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
We may use the information to improve our services
We may periodically send promotional emails about new services or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided
Data Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Information about our use of "cookies"
Like most websites we may use "cookies" so that we can recognise that a computer has visited the website before. We do not use cookies to identify you as an individual and if you wish you can block the use of cookies by activating the setting on your Internet browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our website.
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
Please note that third parties may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
The table below explains the cookies we use on our website and why.
Cookie
Name
Purpose
Google Analytics
_utma_utmb_utmc_utmz
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Expression Engine
exp_last_visitexp-trackerexp_last_activity
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site on behalf of the ExpressionEngine software application that is employed to manage our website page trees and update web page content. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Website Hosting
-
Cookies may be used by our chosen web hosting company to provide them with anonymous web server monitoring capabilities.
If you would like any further details about the cookies used on our website please send an email to .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address).
For sales and advice please call
0116 255 5092
UK sales only accepted. All prices are subject to VAT and delivery charge.
Scale Calibration
Read about this service
Scale Maintenance
Read about this service
Contract Services
Read about this service