https://www.maysteel.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footerPrivacy PolicyHome » Privacy PolicyPRIVACY POLICYLast updated: May 19, 2018At Maysteel Industries, LLC (referred to as “Maysteel”, “us” “our” or “we”), we recognize the importance of your privacy and are strongly committed to protecting the privacy of the users of our website, www.maysteel.com (the “Website”) and the services available through the Website (“Services”). This privacy policy (“Policy”) describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide to us when you visit our Website or use our Services. It also describes our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information. Please read this Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it.By using the Website and/or Services, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Policy. If you do not agree with any of this Policy or do not wish to be bound by the Policy, your only option is to not use or access this Website.This Policy may change from time to time. We reserve the right, at our discretion to change, modify, add or remove portions of this Policy at any time. Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check this Policy periodically for updates.We may offer you the ability to connect with the Website using a mobile device via a mobile optimized website. The provisions of this Policy apply to all such mobile access and use of mobile devices. This Policy will be referenced by all such mobile applications or mobile optimized websites.COLLECTION OF INFORMATIONWe collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:• by which you may be personally identified, such as your name, e-mail address, telephone number, or any other information the Website collects that is defined by applicable law as personally identifiable information (collectively, “personal information”); • that is about you but individually does not identify you, such as your IP address, metadata or physical location; and/or • about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website and usage details.We collect this information:• Directly from you when you provide it to us either through filling in forms on our Website, communicating with us or ordering products via email communications, speaking with our representatives over the telephone, or by using our Services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Website or the Service. • Directly from you when you speak with our customer service representative including when you provide personal information for verification purposes for using the Services. • Automatically as you navigate through the Website. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies.INFORMATION ABOUT ALL OUR VISITORSWe collect certain information from and about our visitors and customers in three ways – directly from the user, from our web server logs, and through the use of tracking technologies (e.g., cookies).Information provided by youWe may collect information as follows: (i) when you provide information to get a price quotation; (ii) when you register to receive communications from this Website; (iii) when you seek information about, or use the Services; (iv) when you provide personal information to us through forms provided on this Website (this includes information provided at the time of subscribing to email communications, or requesting further services or information); (v) when reporting a problem about the Website or Services; (vi) records and copies of your correspondence (including personal information), if you contact us; (vii) your responses to representative questions when you contact us; and/or (viii) based upon your search queries on the Website.When you provide any information including personal information, you consent that you are providing this information because you have a “legitimate interest” in the Services and/or in information and products offered by Maysteel. You represent and warrant that your personal information is true, legal, accurate, non-fraudulent and solely yours. You agree not to impersonate, imitate or pretend to be somebody else when providing any information to Maysteel, and adhere to the Terms of Use.When you submit your personal information through the Website or as described above, you authorize Maysteel to use the information you supply to provide you the Services, and to use such personal information in accordance with this Policy and Terms of Use.Server Log InformationWhen you visit an Internet site, you disclose certain information about yourself, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, the time of your visit, and the referring location (e.g., the website page that offered a link to our Website). Other information disclosed includes clickstream data, which includes a record of the clicked selections you make while visiting this Website. Like many other sites, we record this basic information about visits to this Website.CookiesWe may use technology like “web beacons” and “cookies” to recognize you and your access privileges on our Website, as well as to trace website usage. A cookie is a piece of information that is sent to your web browser from a website and stored on your computer’s hard drive. A web beacon is a small electronic file that is embedded in a web page or email, which unobtrusively allows checking that a user has accessed the content. Each time you return to our Website, we are able to identify you as a previous user. Web beacons and cookies also enable us to measure our Website traffic, including the number of repeat versus new visitors, the time user spend online, and their navigation behavior. Collecting this information allows us to make changes that improve our Website. Please note that none of the information stored on the cookie is personally identifiable.USE OF INFORMATIONWe use information collected about you, whether supplied directly by you or obtained through the use of tracking technologies as described herein, in any of the following ways:• Present the Website to you and allow you to use the Services including providing you with information or services you request from us. • Help administer and protect the security of the Website and Services. • Develop, improve or enhance features of our Website and Services. • Contact you regarding customer service and administrative issues. • Improve customer service and user experience. • Display and/or use aggregate information for advertising and marketing purposes. • Make telephone calls and send email communications to you with information and offers. • Track online behavior for behavioral advertising and other marketing purposes including compile anonymous statistical information and analysis. • Notify you about changes to our Website or any Services we offer or provide though it. • Send periodic e-mails (if at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future e-mails, we include an option to unsubscribe at the bottom of each e-mail). • In any other way we may describe when you provide the information. • For any other purpose with your consent.ACCESS TO THE INFORMATIONWe may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this Policy:• To our affiliates. • To contractors, service providers, business partners and other third parties we use to support our business and make the Website and/or Services available. • To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of the Maysteel’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by the Maysteel about our Website customers is among the assets transferred. • To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. • To enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions or buying/selling policies, and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.We may also disclose information collected from you through this Website in order to: (i) comply with applicable laws; (ii) respond to government inquiries; and (iii) protect the rights or property of Maysteel or visitors to this Website.Information concerning individuals’ usage of our Website will not be disclosed to third parties except in aggregate form (e.g., “35% of the customers visiting our website requested an offer”).SECURITYYour security is our primary concern. We implement a variety of security measures in an effort to maintain the safety of your personal information. We use Secure Sockets Layer (“SSL”) technology, which enables encryption of sensitive and personal information. All of our forms are secured with SSL technology, ensuring that your personal information stays safe.Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Accordingly, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, or to or from our online products or services. You transmit all such information at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITESOur Website may contain links to third party websites. These links are provided only for your convenience and you are free to use them, but you do so at your own risk. We do not control these third parties’ or their websites. The third parties who operate such websites may use tracking technologies. Please read the privacy policies of these third-party websites carefully before browsing or providing any information on such websites. We are not responsible for your activities or any collection or tracking of your information on such sites.OPTING-OUT FROM EMAIL COMMUNICATIONSAfter you register or use our Services, we may periodically send you newsletters and other e-mails featuring special offers, promotions and other benefits. If you no longer wish to receive these communications, please let us know by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in our e-mails. Our e-mail database is continually updated. However, you may continue to receive e-mail communications from us for no more than ten business days from the time we receive your unsubscribe request. Please note that we can only control our own mailing list and policies. Third party advertisers that maintain their own mailing lists may send communications that advertise our products or services; and you may need to contact those parties directly in order to stop receiving their e-mail communications.Certain administrative communications, including e-mails and telephone calls, are necessary in order to deliver our services. If you agree to use our Services, you agree to receive these administrative communications. For further clarification of these administrative communications, please contact our customer service center at socialmaysteel@maysteel.com.RIGHT TO ACCESS, RECTIFICATION AND ERASUREYou may request to review the personal information you have provided to us or we may have collected through use of tracking technologies. If at any time you deem the personal information you have provided Maysteel to be incorrect or incomplete, please provide a supplementary request to Maysteel with the specific information to be changed or completed by emailing us atIf you would like any personal information you have provided Maysteel to be erased or forgotten, please email us at socialmaysteel@maysteel.com with the specific request. We strive to delete your personal information from our systems within thirty days of receiving your request but reserve the right to extend such period under certain circumstances.RIGHT TO DATA PORTABILITYIf you would like to receive a copy of the personal information you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format, please email us at socialmaysteel@maysteel.com .CALIFORNIA DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSURESWe may track our users’ activities over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising. However, we do not respond to Do Not Track (“DNT”) signals at this time. In addition, some third-party sites also keep track of your browsing activities when they serve you content, which enables them to tailor what they present to you. Please review the privacy policies posted to all third-party websites to confirm if such websites respond to browser DNT settings.CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTSA business subject to California Civil Code section 1798.83 is required to disclose to its California customers, upon request, the identity of any third parties to whom the business has disclosed personal information within the previous calendar year, along with the type of personal information disclosed, for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. Please note that under California law, businesses are only required to respond to a customer request once during any calendar year.Under Section 1798.83, we currently do not share any personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, e-mail us or contact us at:Maysteel LLC Address: 6199 Highway W Allenton, Wisconsin 53002 Telephone: 262-251-1632 socialmaysteel@maysteel.comPRIVACY CONTACT Questions regarding this Policy should be directed to Maysteel by emailing us at socialmaysteel@maysteel.com.7 Shockingly Straightforward Ways to Speed Up Production and Save Money on Your Sheet Metal EnclosuresClick here to learn more Subscribe to our BlogStay up to date with all Maysteel manufacturing news, updates, and trends. If you don't love it, unsubscribe with just a click. Footer Maysteel InformationContactCareersBlogLocationsLeadership ProfilesWhy MaysteelPrivacy PolicyOur LocationsAllenton, WILynchburg, VAGastonia, NCSumter, SCGarland, TXLa Mirada, CAMonterrey, MexicoCustomer FavoritesFasTrak Server RacksCustom Server RacksRenewable Energy EnclosuresSelf Service Kiosks 6199 County Rd WAllenton, Wisconsin 53002-9545Phone: 262-251-1632Fax: 262-629-1612Email: info@maysteel.com
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy