http://www.avcal.com.au/AIC/Privacy-policy/AIC/Privacy-Policy---Disclaimer.aspx?hkey=1c4b3150-8330-47f6-8611-32ccc5f71e03
Skip to main content
Top of the Page
Home
»
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy & Disclaimer
Last updated: March 2019
This document may be updated from time to time. The latest version will always be available on our website.
Privacy Policy
Australian Investment Council Limited complies with the Australian Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) in handling personal information collected from you and has developed this policy to protect your privacy.
When you access a website other than http://www.aic.co/ including through a link on our website, Australian Investment Council Limited is not responsible for the privacy practices of that site. Links on our website are for your convenience and include organisations that are involved in the provision of capital and services to the Australian private capital investment sector. We suggest that you review the privacy policies of each site you visit.
Personal information Australian Investment Council Limited collects
The personal information that Australian Investment Council Limited collects depends on the nature of your dealings with us, but usually includes:
your name;
title;
business name;
business address;
e-mail address; and
contact numbers (telephone and facsimile).
Sometimes we may also ask you to provide additional information about your business and collect other personal information directly from you, such as dietary requirements and credit card details for the purchase of our services.
How Australian Investment Council Limited collects personal information
We may collect personal information directly from you when you:
subscribe to one of our mailing lists;
register to use our services, including events or to become a member of Australian Investment Council Limited;
interact with us using social media;
contact us offline - for example, by telephone, facsimile, SMS, email or post;
provide us with your business card;
apply for a job with us; and
through log files and cookies on our website.
Our Log Files
Australian Investment Council Limited follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics. The information collected by log files include Internet Protocol addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider, date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analysing trends, administering the website, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Our Cookies
Australian Investment Council Limited uses cookies on its website to maintain user sessions. For example, if you subscribe to the website to register for an Australian Investment Council Limited event, we use cookies so when you next visit so you do not need to re-enter your details. If you do not wish to receive cookies, you may set your browser to either prompt or refuse cookies.
We may also collect personal information from other sources including:
your organisation’s website or other professional websites;
when you interact with us as part of your employment with another business - for example, you may perform a service for us and we might be given your name and telephone number as a result; and
from third parties in some instances - for example, where you are an employee of one of our members or where a third party has nominated you to attend one of our events.
Where a third party passes on personal information to us, the third party is responsible for letting you know that they will pass your information to us in order to ensure you are happy with the ways in which your personal information will be used.
If you intend to give us personal data about someone else, you are responsible for ensuring that you comply with any obligation and consent obligations under applicable data protection laws. In so far as required by applicable data protection laws, you must ensure that beforehand you have their explicit, informed, unambiguous and freely given consent to do so and that you explain to them how we collect, use, disclose and retain their personal information or direct them to read this policy.
How Australian Investment Council Limited holds personal information
Australian Investment Council Limited takes steps to protect the personal information held against loss, unauthorised access, use, modification or disclosure and against other misuse. These steps include reasonable physical, technical and administrative security safeguards for electronic and hard copy records. For example:
·our IT systems are password protected and use anti-virus software;
there is restricted access to our physical premises;
·our personnel are required to treat personal information confidentially as a condition of employment; and
we take reasonable steps to ensure external service providers to whom we provide personal information comply with the Australian Privacy Principles and only use personal information for the limited purpose for which it is disclosed.
What Australian Investment Council Limited does with your personal information
Australian Investment Council Limited uses your information to:
provide a searchable members directory to the public;
provide any information and services that you wish to use or purchase;
compare information for accuracy and to verify it with third parties;
·notify you of industry news and events, unless you opt out of receiving these communications;
manage our relationship with you / customer service;
monitor, measure, improve and protect our content and the website to provide an enhanced user experience for you;
provide, maintain, protect and improve our services;
provide you with any information that we are required to send you to comply with our regulatory or legal obligations;
detect, prevent, investigate or remediate, crime, illegal or prohibited activities or to otherwise protect our legal rights;
process a job application you may have made with us;
protect and look after our staff; and
where you have explicitly consented at the time we collected your personal information or where we otherwise have a right to do so, we may contact you to see if you would like to take part in our research activities, including statistical and other studies.
Australian Investment Council Limited may disclose your personal information to:
members and/or sponsors of Australian Investment Council Limited;
external service providers who help Australian Investment Council Limited operate its business or conduct surveys on Australian Investment Council Limited's behalf. These providers may be located overseas including the United States of America;
third parties, as required or permitted by law; and
anyone to whom you authorise us to disclose your personal information.
If you attend an Australian Investment Council Limited event we may film or take photographs that Australian Investment Council Limited staff may subsequently use online and in print. We will notify attendees at events if filming or photography is taking place and ensure that there are measures in place to ensure that individuals who do not consent are not filmed or photographed.
How to access or correct your personal information
You have the right to seek access to, or correction of your personal information held by Australian Investment Council Limited.
You can manage your personal information through our website if you are a member or registered user, or contact us (details below).
Privacy related complaints
If you wish to make a complaint about a breach of the Australian Privacy Principles, or how Australian Investment Council Limited has handled your personal information, please contact us (details below).
Any complaint will be investigated and we will usually notify you of a decision in relation to your complaint as soon as practicable after it has been made, usually within 30 days. If you are not satisfied with our response, you may contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Contact details
Privacy Officer
Australian Investment Council Limited
Level 12, Aurora Place
88 Phillip Street
SYDNEY NSW 2000
E: members@aic.co
T: 02 8243 7000
Disclaimer
Australian Investment Council Limited's website is the virtual hub for the Australian private capital investment sector and its aim is to link organisations that are involved in the provision of capital and services to the sector.
Australian Investment Council Limited does not:
give investment or securities advice;
carry on an investment advisory business or a securities business; and/or
deal in securities on its own account or for or on behalf of any other person.
Information provided by Australian Investment Council Limited:
does not constitute personal securities recommendations or investment advice;
is not intended to induce any person to enter into securities transactions;
should not be relied upon as professional financial advice; and
is not intended to be a substitute for advice from a qualified financial adviser.
Australian Investment Council Limited does not warrant, guarantee or represent the completeness or accuracy of any information provided by Australian Investment Council Limited and does not assume or accept any liability or responsibility for:
the accuracy of any information provided on this website, whether from the passing of time or otherwise;
any errors or omissions in any information provided;
any loss or damage suffered in any way by any person relying on any information provided; and
any computer viruses or other contamination inadvertently passed on.
Before relying on the material on this website, or information contained in it, users should independently verify its accuracy, currency, completeness and relevance for their purposes, and should obtain any proper professional advice. In particular, users should seek independent professional advice before making any investment or business decisions.
Australian Investment Council Limited disclaims, to the extent permitted by law, all liability for all claims, losses, expenses, damages, and costs the user may incur as a result of or associated with the use of information on this website for any reason whatsoever.
Australian Investment Council Limited assumes no liability for the actions of its members or any other person referred to on this website. Any links to other websites or other contact details do not constitute endorsement of any materials, organisation, product or service.
Back to Top
{1}
##LOC[OK]##
{1}
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##
{1}
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##