http://www.kreative.com/privacy
AboutWorkServicesContactBlog
Privacy Policy
Back to Home //
KREATIVE LLC ("KREATIVE") provides ecommerce and Online marketing services that enable small, medium and large ecommerce merchants ("KREATIVE Client(s)") to leverage the power of the Web to attract targeted shoppers ("Buyers") in order to maximize return on investment. KREATIVE remains committed to maintaining the privacy of any user, including KREATIVE Clients and Buyers. Use of terms such as "we" and "our" refers to KREATIVE, our Clients, affiliates. partners and all other subsidiaries under the KREATIVE umbrella including any organization that may acquire or merge with KREATIVE in the future.
This Privacy Policy describes current KREATIVE practices for gathering, storing, using and disseminating information collected Online, or through the use of our website. By visiting the KREATIVE website you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms and conditions set forth below, please refrain from using or accessing any KREATIVE website or service. By accepting this Privacy Policy, you expressly consent to the use and disclosure of your personally identifiable information as outlined below. This policy may be changed periodically without notice. All changes will be posted to this Privacy Policy and we encourage you to check back here from time to time for any changes to the policies listed.
A. Information Collection //
If you are using any KREATIVE services (the "Services"), whether through this website, subsidiary sites or affiliate sites, KREATIVE may collect personal information about you including billing and shipping addresses, credit card purchasing information, Services information and Services order information. In addition, KREATIVE may also collect information about other accounts needed to perform the Services, such as usernames and passwords for integration partner accounts including certain Google services and other third-party website credentials. KREATIVE collects any comments, feedback, suggestions, contact history and other personal data anytime information is posted to the KREATIVE website or a KREATIVE Client website.
KREATIVE collects personal information when you: (1) register with KREATIVE, (2) become a KREATIVE Client, (3) purchase from a KREATIVE Client, (4) provide comments or submit a problem to KREATIVE or a KREATIVE Client, (5) request information from KREATIVE and provide your name, email or any other return contact information, or (6) respond to special offers, promotions or marketing material. As part of the registration or checkout process, you may be asked to provide contact and billing information or other personally identifying information. Providing some of the requested information is optional and KREATIVE will indicate which fields are required and which are optional. KREATIVE may also collect information through the use of Cookies (as defined in section D below).
B. Information Use & Disclosure //
1) Buying Process. If you are a Buyer and you are involved in a transaction with any KREATIVE Client, we share personally identifiable information about you with that KREATIVE Client in order to assist you during the buying process as well as to assist KREATIVE Clients with the selling process. KREATIVE will retain your information at our physical location to support the transaction. Buyers are encouraged to review individual KREATIVE Client privacy policies. You may contact KREATIVE Clients directly and review their privacy policies should you have questions concerning their use of any of your personal information such as communications you may or may not wish to receive.
2) Client Support. Contact information provided by you in connection with support issues, problems, comments or requests is used only to respond to such issues, problems, comments or requests and may be provided to KREATIVE Clients or third parties as necessary to respond to individual issues, problems, comments or requests.
3) Company Communications. KREATIVE may use personal information to provide updates, promotions, marketing material, and other business purposes related to making available the features and functions of the Services. KREATIVE also may use this information, along with checkout information, to make you aware of new company Services, special offers or promotions. KREATIVE will abide by requests from you (in accordance with the Section C below) to discontinue such use.
(i) If you are a Buyer (not a "KREATIVE Client") you will receive such information as described in this Section B (3) only if you have opted in to receive such information from KREATIVE.
(ii) You may opt out of receiving such information (if you have already opted in to receive it) by sending a request in accordance with Section C below. As a Buyer, if you receive communications directly from a KREATIVE Client, we recommend contacting that KREATIVE Client directly concerning such communications and to review their individual privacy policies.
4) Third Party Solicitations. KREATIVE may sometimes be required to provide certain information to third parties for use with setup, marketing, designing or providing their own third party products and/or services.
(i) If you are a KREATIVE Client (not a "Buyer"), KREATIVE may provide certain personal information to third parties for use in marketing and in designing or providing their own third party services, to send you information about its products and to notify you of any service updates or promotions. You may opt-out from KREATIVE providing such information to third parties at any time by updating your My Account Settings or by contacting KREATIVE, as set forth in Sections C and H below. KREATIVE Clients should contact the third party solicitor directly who may already be sending messages in order to request these communications stop, and to review their individual privacy policies.
(ii) If you are a Buyer, (1) KREATIVE does not sell your information to third parties for purposes of marketing or soliciting you, provided however, we may share personally identifiable information, including credit or debit account information, with a third party upon your prior consent; and (2) To the extent that KREATIVE Clients have access to your personally identifiable information as a result of your buying (reference B (1) above, where KREATIVE provides your information to KREATIVE Clients as part of a transaction you may be involved in with such KREATIVE Client), these entities may solicit or market to you in accordance with their policies. As a Buyer, you are encouraged to review the privacy policies of the individual KREATIVE Clients that provide the products or services related to your purchase. You should contact KREATIVE Clients directly and review their privacy policies should you have questions concerning their use of your information such as communications you may or may not wish to receive.
5) Buying and Selling History. KREATIVE may use any information collected related to your buying or selling history to generate recommendations and predictions related to the likelihood of your willingness to complete a purchase and may submit such history and recommendations to KREATIVE Clients.
6) Other Disclosures. KREATIVE may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or if KREATIVE has a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to protect and/or defend the rights and interests of KREATIVE, Inc. KREATIVE may, as permitted by applicable law, disclose your personally identifiable information to KREATIVE Clients, other KREATIVE users or third parties in connection with an investigation of fraud, infringement, piracy or other unlawful activity and you expressly authorize KREATIVE to make such disclosures.
7) Domestic and International Use. All personally identifying information collected by KREATIVE may be used in the United States or if the Services are undertaken by KREATIVE for a foreign KREATIVE Client, such information may be transferred to that KREATIVE Client outside of the United States and you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.
8) Mergers and Acquisitions. If KREATIVE is merged or acquired by another entity, personally identifiable information may be transferred to such entity as a part of the merger or acquisition.
C. Information Review & Modifications //
If you are a KREATIVE Client, you may add, modify or update your personal information by accessing your account profile settings from the KREATIVE home page when you log in to the My Account Services. Through the My Account Settings, you may also determine how and when that personal information is used and distributed.
If you are a Buyer and either you have created a buyer profile, or you opted to receive marketing information from KREATIVE (see Section C (3) above), you may access, modify, remove, correct or update your personal information by contacting KREATIVE as set forth in Section H below. KREATIVE may retain transactional history in order to document a transaction you may have had with a KREATIVE Client. You should contact the KREATIVE Client directly in order to access, modify or update your personal information with them.
D. Cookies //
"Cookies" are data files that are sometimes downloaded to your personal computer upon visiting the KREATIVE website or a KREATIVE Client site which permits the KREATIVE server to identify your browser whenever you interact with the KREATIVE site or a KREATIVE Client site. KREATIVE uses cookies to recognize repeat visits by users of its site and to collect information about its users' interactions. These cookies contain identification information that enables us to streamline many KREATIVE site features including KREATIVE Client experiences. You may set your browser software to reject cookies, but you may still be required to enter personal login information each time you access the KREATIVE website or a KREATIVE Client website, and you may not be able to utilize certain website features. In some cases, you may not be able to access individual KREATIVE website sections or services if cookies are disabled.
E. Third Party Links //
As a part of the Services, KREATIVE provides links to web sites operated by third parties. KREATIVE is not responsible for the information collection or privacy practices or the content within any of those third party sites.
F. Security //
KREATIVE stores personally identifiable information obtained through registration securely and considers it to be a main business asset. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, KREATIVE has put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure any information it collects through the use of the KREATIVE website, a KREATIVE Client website or by registering with the Services. You should consider any communication that you transmit to KREATIVE as non-confidential, and agree that KREATIVE will not be liable or responsible if information provided by you is intercepted and/or used by any unintended recipients.
G. Minors //
KREATIVE uses reasonable efforts not to collect, use or disclose individually identifiable information from minors under the age of 13. The Services are not targeted at minors, and minors may not register for any of the Services offer by KREATIVE.
H. Additional Company Policies //
Please take the time to review our additional company policies:
Terms of Use
By using the KREATIVE website, you agree that you have read and that you adequately comprehend all company policies, including the Website Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy.
© KREATIVE  //  Privacy  //  Terms
TwitterFacebookPinterest
Our website uses cookies to make your browsing experience better. By using our site you agree to our use of cookies. Learn More
I Agree
×
What Are Cookies
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the sites functionality.
For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
The Cookies We Set
Account related cookies
If you create an account with us then we will use cookies for the management of the signup process and general administration. These cookies will usually be deleted when you log out however in some cases they may remain afterwards to remember your site preferences when logged out.
Login related cookies
We use cookies when you are logged in so that we can remember this fact. This prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page. These cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log out to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged in.
Form related cookies
When you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
Site preference cookies
In order to provide you with a great experience on this site we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it. In order to remember your preferences we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
We also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with social network in various ways. For these to work, the social networks may set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site, or contribute to other purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.