https://www.palmettoplanters.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Contact Us
Custom Fiberglass Planter Design
Green Roof Planters and Containers
Planters FAQ’s
Abstract Sculpture
Call Us: 765-396-4446
HOME
OUR PRODUCTS
Traditional
Contemporary
Urn Style
Receptacles
Specialty
Abstract Sculpture
CUSTOM DESIGN
FINISHES
ABOUT US
CONTACT US
CATALOG
Privacy Policy
You are here: Home \ Privacy Policy
The privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document is designed to advise you about how we collect, use, and protect the Personally Identifiable Information (hereinafter defined) that you provide to us through our website. By visiting this website, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
1.) INFORMATION WE GATHERS AND TRACKS
(a) Log Files
Like many other Web sites, our site makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
(b) Cookies and Web Beacons
We do use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.  We do not store information collected on our website about our users other than the information you provide for contacting or requests for quote.
(c) ADVERTISING PARTNERS – Visitor Information and Cookies:
We do not actively work with any third party companies that would display advertisements on our website.
2.) USE OF INFORMATION
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in, but not limited to, the following ways:
– To personalize your experience
– To improve our website
– To contact you at your request for more information about our products
(a) Identification of Purchasers
If you purchase one of our products or services, you authorize us to use your name and identification information in advertising or promotions.
We may use personal information in an aggregate form (i.e., not individually attributable to you) for business analysis, operational, marketing and other promotional purposes.
You are also agreeing to receive information about the product or service you purchased. This may include, but is not limited to, information about product or service updates, new features, or information we believe you may find interesting.
3.) HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. We will not sell, provide, or transfer you email address or person information to others unless it is to provide you with a quote for our products being sold or quoted to you.
4.) CHILDREN PRIVACY PROTECTION
This website does not provide services or sell products to children under the age of 18.
If we discover we have received any information from a child under the age of 18 in violation of this policy, we will delete that information immediately. If you believe we have received any information from or about anyone under the age of 18, please contact us at the address listed below.
5.) THIRD PARTY LINKS
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
6) POLICY CHANGES
These policies may be amended by us at any time and without notice, but will be posted at this page. You agree that your continued use of our websites, product or service after that date will constitute your consent and acceptance of the amendment.
7.) CONTACT INFORMATION
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us at the following webpage:  Contact Us
Sub Menu
About Us
Contact Us
Custom Fiberglass Planter Design
Finishes
Green Roof Planters and Containers
Our Products
Planters FAQ’s
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Social Media
Terms Of Use
Testimonials
Contact Us
101 W Babb St
Eaton, IN 47338
765-396-4446
Newsletter Signup
Email
*
Copyright © 2009 - 2018 Palmetto Planters, LLC | All Rights Reserved
Home
Contact Us
Custom Fiberglass Planter Design
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy