http://www.dinte.com/about/dinte-executive-search-eu-privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
Home
About
Why Dinte?
Leadership Team
EU Privacy Policy
Industries
Aerospace
Defense
Security and Technology
Industrials
Other Government-Driven Markets
Capabilities
Executive Search
Talent Mapping
Human Capital Diligence
Global Reach
Thought Leadership
Contact
EU Privacy Policy
Dinte Executive Search provides retained executive search and human capital assessments to clients across the aerospace, aviation, defense, technology, and industrial communities. Our business hinges on trust and confidentiality for both client organizations as well as candidates, and we take personal privacy very seriously.
The policy detailed below will provide information on:
what type of personal data we collect about you
how and why we collect and and use your personal data
how long we keep your personal data for
when, why, and with who we will share your personal data
the legal basis we have for using your personal data
the effect of refusing to provide the personal data requested
the different rights and choices you have when it comes to your personal data
how we may contact you and how you may contact us
What personal data do we collect about you?
We collect the information needed to assess your eligibility through the different stages of recruitment. This information includes CV’s, identification documents, educational records, work history, employment, and references.
In some cases, we may also collect sensitive personal data about you. However, we only collect sensitive personal data, and further process this data, where you have given your explicit consent.
Where do we collect personal data about you from?
The following are the different sources we may collect personal data about you from:
Directly from you. This is information you provide while searching for a new opportunity and/or during the different recruitment stages.
By reference or word of mouth. For example, you may be recommended by a friend, a former employer, a former colleague, or even a present employer.
Through publicly available sources. We use the following public sources:
LinkedIn
Print Media
Other public sources of information
How do we use your personal data?
We use your personal data to match your skills, experience, and education with a potential employer. We will initially collect basic information on you such as employment history, education, and experience and then pass this on to the client in search of personnel. If you are chosen by the client and go through to the next stage we will then be collecting more information from you at the interview (or equivalent) stage and onwards in that manner.
How long do we keep your personal data for?
We only retain your information for as long as is necessary for us to use your information as described above or to comply with our legal obligations. However, please be advised that we may retain some of your information after the search is completed, for instance if this is necessary to meet our legal obligations.
When determining the relevant retention periods, we will take into account factors including:
our contractual obligations and rights in relation to the information involved;
legal obligation(s) under applicable law to retain data for a certain period of time;
statute of limitations under applicable law(s);
(potential) disputes;
if you have made a request to have your information deleted; and
guidelines issued by relevant data protection authorities.
Otherwise, we securely erase your information once it is no longer needed.
Who do we share your personal data with?
We share your personal data with the client who has a position to fill, in order to determine with the client whether you are a good fit for the available position.
We may also conduct checks on you to verify the information you have provided and where we do this we share your information with a verification company or relevant organization, for example a university registrar to confirm degree qualifications.
What legal basis do we have for using your information?
For prospective candidates, referees, and clients, our processing is necessary for our legitimate interests in that we need the information in order to be able to assess suitability for potential roles, to find potential candidates, and to contact clients and referees.
If you are shortlisted as a candidate, then this may involve the processing of more detailed personal data that you or others provide about you. In that case, we always ask for your consent before undertaking such processing.
What happens if you do not provide us with the information we request or ask that we stop processing your information?
If you do not provide the personal data necessary, or withdraw your consent for the processing of your personal data, it may prevent us from pursuing your candidacy.
Do we make automated decisions concerning you?
No, we do not carry out automated profiling.
Do we use cookies to collect personal data on you?
No, we do not use cookies to collect personal data on you. However, our website uses cookies to help provide a better service.
Do we transfer your data ouside the EEA?
To better match your employee profile with current opportunities we may transfer your personal data to clients and partners in countries outside the EEA. These countries privacy laws may be different from those in your home country. Where we transfer data to a country which has not been deemed to provide adequate data protection standards we always have security measures and approved model clauses in place to protect your personal data.
What rights do you have in relation to the data we hold on you?
By law, you have a number of rights when it comes to your personal data. Further information and advice about your rights can be obtained from the data protection regulator in your country.
The right to be informed: You have the right to be provided with clear, transparent, and easily understandable information about how we use your information and your rights. This is why we're providing you with the information in this Policy.
The right of access: You have the right to obtain access to your information (if we're processing it), and certain other information (similar to that provided in this Privacy Policy). This is so you're aware and can check that we're using your information in accordance with data protection law.
The right to rectification: You are entitled to have your information corrected if it's inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to restrict processing: You have rights to 'block' or suppress further use of your information. When processing is restricted, we can still store your information, but may not use it further.
The right to data portability: You have rights to obtain and reuse your personal data for your own purposes across different services.
The right to object to processing: You have the right to object to certain types of processing, including processing for direct marketing (i.e. if you no longer want to be contacted with potential opportunities).
The right to lodge a complaint: You have the right to lodge a complaint about the way we handle or process your personal data with your national data protection regulator.
The right to withdraw consent: If you have given your consent to anything we do with your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time (although if you do so, it does not mean that anything we have done with your personal data with your consent up to that point is unlawful). This includes your right to withdraw consent to us using your personal data for marketing purposes.
We usually act on requests and provide information free of charge, but may charge a reasonable fee to cover our administrative costs of providing the information for:
baseless or excessive/repeated requests, or
further copies of the same information.
Alternatively, we may be entitled to refuse to act on the request.
Please consider your request responsibly before submitting it. We'll respond as soon as we can. Generally, this will be within one month from when we receive your request but, if the request is going to take longer to deal with, we'll come back to you and let you know.
How will we contact you?
We may contact you by phone, email, or social media. If you prefer a particular contact means over another please let us know.
How can you contact us?
If you are unhappy with how we’ve handled your information, or have further questions on the processing of your personal data please contact us at +1 703-448-3300.
We believe in building long-term relationships with our clients, candidates, and community
Meet us here
Singapore Airshow 2020 (Feb. 11 - 16)
Hamburg Aircraft Interiors Expo 2020 (Mar. 31 - Apr. 2)
Farnborough Air Show 2020 (July 20 -24)