https://www.respabeds.ie/terms-conditions
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Access to our website www.respabeds.ie is on the condition that you accept and comply with the terms & conditions, notices, and disclaimers which are contained in this document. Your use of the site in itself constitutes that you agree to the terms & conditions. Respa Beds (“Kellett Group”) reserves the right to change or amend these Terms & Conditions at any time. We recommend you refer to these Terms & Conditions regularly when returning to this site.
Copyright & Trademarks
Copyright, Intellectual property, and restrictions on the use of Content on this Site
Respa Beds has Copyright on all the content on this site including information, text, images, materials, graphics, video and advertisements on the site www.respabeds.ie. You do not have permission to copy, modify, plagiarize, reproduce, republish, frame, upload to a third party, post, transmit or distribute this content unless authorized by Respa Beds in writing. This would be strictly on the condition that you keep all the content intact and in the same format as we present it on our site. You must not use this site for any unlawful purpose which violates any of Respa Beds rights or which is prohibited by the Terms & Conditions.
Trade Marks of Respa Beds
Trademarks which are displayed on this site are trademarks of Respa Beds or their respective owners. Any use of our trademarks will only be granted with written permission from Respa Beds.
Links
Respa Beds provides links on this site to other internet websites operated by third parties. These websites are not under the control of Respa Beds and Respa Beds are not in any way responsible for the content of any of these linked websites. We recommend reviewing the privacy policy and terms and conditions on these third-party websites.
Limitation of liability
By using this site you acknowledge and agree that Respa Beds has no control over users of the site including guests and experts who may offer opinions/information/advice or any defamatory statements or offensive conduct. Respa Beds is not liable for any opinions/information/advice or any defamatory statements or offensive conduct from any users, guests or experts on this site. Respa Beds is not under any circumstances responsible for any indirect or direct loss or damage as a result of access or an inability to access this site or its content.
Website Uptime
Online services can sometimes be subject to downtime for a number of technical reasons. We make every effort to ensure that the site is available for the maximum amount of time each day 24/7. However, there may be downtime on very rare occasions.
Other
These terms & conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Ireland. If any part of these terms & conditions is found to be invalid by a court of law, this will not affect the remainder of the terms & conditions which will still remain valid.
Acceptance of Terms & Conditions
Your use of this website indicates your agreement to be bound by the Terms and Conditions.
Share:
Related Pages
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Contact Us