http://www.cta-web.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
News
Blog
Resources
Perks
Membership Benefits
CTA Mentoring Program
Student Sponsorship Program
FAQs
Members Area
Log In
Menu
News
Blog
Resources
Perks
Membership Benefits
CTA Mentoring Program
Student Sponsorship Program
FAQs
Members Area
Log In
CTA Privacy Notice
The Colorado Translators Association (CTA) respects the privacy of its members and other visitors to its website, www.cta-web.org (“Website”). This Privacy Notice describes the type of information we collect, how the information is used and for what purposes, to whom we disclose the information, and how we safeguard your personal information. If you do not agree with our Privacy Notice, please do not use the Website or provide CTA with your information.
Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Information
Most data CTA collects are used only to help CTA better serve its members. It is our general policy to collect and store only personal information that our members and visitors voluntarily provide. Such personally identifiable information may include your name, company name, email address, etc. (collectively referred to herein as “Personal Information”).
We do not sell, transfer, or disclose any Personal Information we gather at our Website to any third parties without your prior consent. We may share your Personal Information with third parties for example to facilitate our webinars or to comply with the requirements of our conference venue. We permit them to process your Personal Information only for specified purposes, and we do not allow them to use your Personal Information for their own purposes.
As a chapter of the American Translators Association (ATA), we are also required to share the Personal Information of our members with ATA headquarters.
In addition, we may disclose your Personal Information as required by law or as needed in legal proceedings when CTA believes in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
Where your Personal Information is disclosed to third parties, we will always share the minimum amount necessary.
Credit Card Account Information
CTA does not collect or store credit card or other payment information through the Website. All online payment transactions are conducted through PayPal, a secure and encrypted online payment system.
Security Measures
This Website has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under CTA’s control. When you enter Personal Information as part of the membership or event registration process, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
When you submit information to CTA through our Website, you should be aware that your information is transmitted across the Internet and that no method of transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. Although we take reasonable security measures to protect your information when we receive it, you also need to ensure you take appropriate steps to protect your information.
Communications From CTA
From time to time, we will send you information about CTA events by e-mail. If you no longer wish to receive emails from us you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions on the bottom of each communication or by contacting us at gro.bew-atc@atc.
International Website Access and Cross-Border Data Transfers
If you are visiting the Website from outside the United States, your information will be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and CTA is based. In addition, information that CTA collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which CTA operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this Privacy Notice. You agree to such cross-border transfers of Personal Information.
Access and Correction/Notice to All Users
If your Personal Information changes, or if you no longer wish to receive communications from CTA, you may correct, update, amend, or deactivate it by contacting us at gro.bew-atc@atc. In addition, CTA members have the opportunity to update their Personal Information by logging in to their CTA account through the Website.
You may request a copy of the information CTA holds about you so you can correct or amend information that may be inaccurate or incomplete by writing to gro.bew-atc@atc. We will respond to your request to access within 30 days.
To request the deletion of your information, please contact us by writing to gro.bew-atc@atc. In some cases, our business requirements and legal obligations may prevent us from being able to delete your information. If we are unable to delete your information, we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Cookies and Internet Protocol Addresses
Cookies are files that contain information created by a web server that can be stored on a user’s hard disk for future use. CTA uses cookies only to facilitate automated activity, store and track passwords, and review navigation patterns. Cookies are not used to disseminate significant information about users over the Internet or to analyze any information that users have knowingly or unknowingly provided.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. However, if you decline the attachment of any cookie, you may not have access to the full benefits of the Website.
We use your Internet Protocol addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Website, and to gather broad demographic information.
Privacy Issues and Links to Other Sites
This Website contains links to other websites. CTA has no control over and is not responsible for the privacy policies or content of such sites.
Social Media Widgets
Our Website includes social media features, such as the Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn buttons that run on the Website. These features may collect your IP address or which page you are visiting on our Website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them.
Amendments and Updates
CTA will occasionally update this Privacy Notice. Any changes to our Privacy Notice will be posted here so that you know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose it to anyone. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices and this Privacy Notice.
Additional Questions?
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or how CTA handles your collected Personal Information, don’t hesitate to contact us gro.bew-atc@atc.
Disclaimer: This Privacy Notice was adapted from the ATA Privacy Policy with permission from the American Translators Association.
Last updated: July 2018
Upcoming EventsCTA 2020 Dues renewal!12/01/2020 - 12/31/2020
CTA News
December CTA happenings…
Event Cancellations
Contact Us
gro.bew-atc@retsambew
P.O. Box 20452Boulder, CO 80308
RECENT POSTS
COVID-19 Resources for Colorado Translators and Interpreters
2020 CTA Board Elections Candidate Statements
ATA60 Conference Review
High School Senior Jennie Rodriguez Attends CTA Conference
Interviews
Meet Our CTA Translators: Heike Holthaus
Meet Our Colorado Translators: Sean Stromberg
Meet Our Colorado Translators: Corinne McKay
Meet Our New Media Coordinator: An Interview with Norberto Cardenales
Upcoming Events
Dec 2020CTA 2020 Dues renewal! on 12/01/2020 – 12/31/2020, All Day MT