http://www.avantpage.com/terms-and-conditions/
Client Login
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Copyright © 2013.  Avantpage, Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized reproduction or copying of any content is prohibited.
Information provided on this Web site
The information contained within this Web site and other collateral materials is, to the best of our knowledge, truthful and correct. Representations of past performance are not meant, and cannot be read, as a guarantee. However, Avantpage does guarantee that we will provide the highest level of service possible to our business partners, and that we will do everything in our power to help them achieve the goals they aspire to through their business relationships with us.
Copyright notice
Unless otherwise stated, the material on this site is copyright-protected by Avantpage. The contents of this site are the property of Avantpage and any other owners. Only if you obtain prior written consent from us may you publish, display or commercially exploit material from this Web site. Other product and company names mentioned in the Site may be the trademarks of their respective owners.
Privacy policy
Avantpage places great importance on visitor privacy and security. We reserve the right to perform statistical analyses of user behavior in order to measure consumer interest in the various areas of our site. Avantpage uses information about users’ IP addresses only to look at aggregate usage of our site from top domains. Information about individual users is kept private; it is not sold or shared with anyone outside Avantpage.
This website contains links to other sites that are outside of Avantpage’s control. These sites may have their own policy regarding privacy and you are encouraged to read their Privacy Policy.
Google Analytics: Privacy Information
We use Google Analytics to analyze the metrics of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about Web site use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. the information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the Web site. Google’s privacy policy is available at http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
Contacting the Site Administrator
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, permission for using material on this site, or the practices of the site, contact us at info@avantpage.com.
Close this module
Looking to translate urgent information related to COVID-19?Contact us through our online form to hear more about Avantpage’s public health expertise, emergency translation workflows, and streamlined onboarding process. We will get back to you within 24 hours.To speak to someone immediately, call (530) 750-2040 Ext. 94.Contact us
This websites uses cookies to ensure a better experience for our visitors. Find out more.Okay, thanks