http://www.aema.org/page/bylawspolicies
AEMA Bylaws & Policies - Asphalt Emulsion Manufacturers Association
Find an AEMA Member | Sign In | Join
Toggle navigationMENUAbout Us Board & GovernanceAEMA Bylaws & PoliciesMembership AEMA Member BenefitsJoinResources Asphalt Emulsion FAQsPublicationsIndustry Training CoursesPocket GuidesAffiliated AssociationsIndustry OrganizationsAwards Excellence in ManufacturingPast Presidents' AwardPresident's AwardAchievement AwardHall of Fame AwardNews & Media AdvertisingArchived NewslettersIndustry Magazine ArticlesMembers Only Board of Directors2017-2020 Strategic PlanAEMA Logo for Member UsePapers & PresentationsCommittees & Liaison Contacts Leadership Development TeamPPRA Sustainability CommitteeITCAsphalt InstituteASTM/AASHTOEmulsion Task ForceFP2Federal Highway AdministrationIBEFNCPPPavement Preservation ETG
Edit This Favorite
Name:
Category:
Share:
Yes
No, Keep Private
AEMA Bylaws & Policies
Click on plus sign to expand section
AEMA Bylaws, Article I: Name, Purposes and Fiscal Year
Name.  The name of the Association shall be the Asphalt Emulsion Manufacturers Association, a nonprofit corporation incorporated in the District of Columbia.
Location.  The principal office of the Association shall be the office address of the Executive Director.  The Association may also maintain an office in such other place or places as the Board of Directors may designate.
Purposes. The purposes of the Association shall include:
promotion of an expanded and more efficient use of asphalt emulsion by providing opportunities for dialogue, education, and technology transfer through domestic and international meetings, seminars, publications, and other programs and activities;
cooperating on behalf of the asphalt emulsion manufacturing industry with suppliers and users, including contractors and federal, state, county and municipal highway and transportation departments directly and through their associations in matters involving the performance guidelines and other criteria for the manufacture and use of asphalt emulsion.
establishing an international exchange of state of the art asphalt emulsion technology through the International Technical Committee of the Association.
articulating and advocating the needs and interests of the asphalt emulsion manufacturing industry before legislative and administrative branches of federal, state, and local governments, including programs for education concerning and compliance with regulations of said governments that affect the industry;
Restrictions.  All policies and activities of the Association shall be consistent with:
applicable federal, state and local antitrust, trade regulation or other legal requirements; and
applicable tax-exemption requirements including the requirements that the Association not be organized for profit and that no part of its earnings inure to the benefit of any member or individual.
Fiscal Year.  The fiscal year of the association shall be January 1 to December 31.
Bylaws, Article II: Membership
Membership Qualifications.  Membership in the Association is available to persons or firms involved in or associated with the asphalt emulsion manufacturing industry.
Voting Membership.  The following membership classes shall have a vote in all determinations of the Association at regular and special meetings or by mail vote (including facsimile) and shall be eligible to serve as directors and hold office in the Association:
North American Manufacturer Membership.  North American Manufacturer membership is available to any corporation engaged in the manufacture or selling of asphalt emulsions in the United States, Canada and Mexico.
International Manufacturer Membership.  International Manufacturer membership is available to any corporation engaged in the manufacture or selling of asphalt emulsions in countries other than the United States, Canada and Mexico.
Supplier Membership.  Supplier membership is available to any corporation supplying goods or services to the asphalt emulsion manufacturing industry.
Non-Voting Membership.  The following membership classes shall have no vote in determination of the Association and shall not be eligible to serve as directors or hold office in the Association.
Associate Membership.  Available to Contractors, testing Laboratories, Consulting Engineering Firms and other businesses involved in the application, testing, and/or specifying the use of asphalt emulsion and asphalt emulsion based processes.
Individual Membership.  Available to any Individual with an interest in the asphalt emulsion who does not qualify for Associate membership.
Other Memberships.  The Board of Directors may establish other memberships in the Association.
Other Terms of Membership.  Other terms of membership shall be as determined by the Board of Directors.
Member Representatives.  Each member shall appoint an official and alternate representative who shall represent the member in all business and other affairs of the Association.
Applications for Membership.  All applicants for membership shall complete and sign the application form provided by the Association and submit the application to the Executive Director of the Association.
Admission of Members.  Admission to membership shall be by majority vote of the Board of Directors.
Resignation.  Any member may resign by filing a written resignation with the Executive Director, however, resignation does not relieve a member from liability for dues or assessments accrued and unpaid as of the date of resignation.
Expulsion.  Any member may be expelled for adequate reason by a two-thirds vote of the Board of Directors.  Failure to pay dues or to meet the criteria for membership is presumed to be adequate reason for expulsion and does not require advance notice to the member and deliberation by the Board of Directors.  Any member proposed for expulsion for other reasons shall be given advance written notice, including the reason for the proposed expulsion, opportunity to contest the proposed expulsion in writing or in person before the Board of Directors, and final written notice of the decision of the Board.
Bylaws, Article III: Funds
Dues and Assessments.  Dues and assessments shall be as determined by the Board of Directors.
Delinquency.  Any member of the association who is delinquent in the payment of dues or assessments for a period of sixty (60) days shall be notified of the delinquency and suspended from membership. If dues or assessments are not paid within the succeeding (30) days, the delinquent member shall forfeit all rights and privileges of membership.
Power to Waive.  The Board of Directors may cancel or waive payment of any dues, assessments or other indebtedness of a member for any period.
Refunds.  No dues or assessments shall be refunded.
Disbursements.  Funds of the Association may be paid out only at the direction of Board of Directors.
Bylaws, Article IV: Directors
Directors.  The governing body of the Association shall be the Board of Directors, which shall have the authority and responsibility for the supervision, control and direction of the Association.
Composition of the Board.  The Board of Directors shall consist of ten member representatives, at    least six of whom shall be North American Manufacturer members, at least one of whom shall be an International member, and at least one of whom shall be a Supplier member. In addition to the ten directors referenced above, the immediate past President shall serve as an ex officio member of the Board of Directors. His term will continue until the next president qualifies as the immediate past President. The immediate past President will have the right to vote only in the event of a tie vote on the Board.
Election and Term of Office.  The AEMA Board of Directors shall be elected by an email ballot distributed to all paid voting members no later than 60 days prior to the Annual Meeting and returned to AEMA Headquarters no later than 30 days prior to the Annual Meeting.
Vacancies.  If a vacancy occurs on the Board for any reason, the position shall be filled for the unexpired portion of the term by the Board of Directors.
Meetings.  The Board of Directors shall meet at least annually at the time and place of the annual membership meeting of the Association.  The presence of any six directors shall constitute a quorum.  A majority of directors where a quorum is present is necessary to make a decision except where some other number is required by law or by these Bylaws.  Proxy voting is not permitted.  Mail voting (including e-mail and facsimile) is permitted and requires a unanimous vote for any decision.
Removal.  A director may be removed for adequate reason by a two-thirds vote of the voting membership.
Compensation.  Directors shall not receive compensation from the Association for their services.
Bylaws, Article V: Officers
Officers.  The officers of the Association shall be a President, Vice-President, Secretary/Treasurer and an Executive Director.
Qualifications.  Officers, except for the Executive Director, shall be voting member representatives who have been elected directors at the annual meeting of the Association.
Election and Term of Office.  Officers, except for the Executive Director, shall be elected by the Board of Directors each year, at the time of the annual meeting of the members of the Association.  Officers, except for the Executive Director, shall be elected for a term of one year.  The Executive Director shall be appointed or terminated by the Board of Directors.
Duties.  The officers shall perform those duties that are usual to their positions and that are assigned to them by the Board of Directors.  In addition, the President of the Association shall serve as Chairman of the Board of Directors; the Vice President shall serve in place of the President when the President is not available; the Treasurer shall serve as the financial officer of the Association; and, the Executive Director, shall be the chief employed administrative officer of the Association.
Vacancies.  If a vacancy occurs among the officers, other than the Executive Director, for any reason, the position shall be filled for the unexpired portion of the term by the Board of Directors.
Removal.  An officer may be removed for adequate reason by a two-thirds vote of the Board of Directors.
Compensation.  Officers, except for the Executive Director, shall not receive compensation from the Association for their services.
Bylaws, Article VI: Meetings
Annual Membership Meeting.  The Association shall hold an annual meeting of the voting members at the place and on the date that shall be determined by the Board of Directors.
Special Meetings.  Special Meetings of the voting members of the Association may be called by the Board of Directors at any time.
Notice.  The Board of Directors shall give voting and non-voting members reasonable notice of all annual and special meetings, which notice shall include an agenda of the business to be considered at the meeting.
Voting.  The presence of twenty percent (20%) of the voting members at any meeting constitutes a quorum.  A majority of members where a quorum is present is necessary to make a decision except where some other number is required by law or by these Bylaws.  Proxy voting is not permitted.  Mail (including facsimile) voting is permitted.
Bylaws, Article VII: Committees, Rules & Amendments
Committees.  The President, with the advice and consent of the Board of Directors, shall have the authority to establish committees and appoint their members and chairmen.  Such committees shall include the following:
Executive Committee.  The executive committee shall consist of the officers of the Association and may act in the place of the Board of Directors when such authority is so designated by the Board or in emergency matters where Executive Committee action shall be temporary and shall be subject to subsequent approval by the Board of Directors at its next meeting.
Nominating Committee.  The nominating committee shall consist of the Past President as chairman, the Immediate Past President and one other voting member.
International Technical Committee.  The International Technical Committee shall consist of a representative appointed by each voting member and certified to the Executive Director.
Other Committees.  Other committees as are needed to conduct the governance, business and technical affairs of the Association.
General Counsel.  The Board of Directors may appoint or terminate a general counsel for the Association.
Auditors.  The Board of Directors may appoint or terminate auditors for the Association.
Rules and Regulations.  The Board of Directors may establish rules and regulations that are consistent with these Bylaws for the policies, procedures and programs of the Association and its committees.
Amendment.  Amendments to these Bylaws may be made without prior notice at an annual meeting of the voting members of the Association by a majority vote.  Emergency amendments may be made at any time by a two-thirds vote of the Board of Directors, but emergency amendments are temporary and shall be subject to subsequent approval by a majority vote at the next meeting of the voting membership of the Association.
Bylaws, Article VIII: Antitrust Compliance
Policy.  It is the undeviating policy of the Association to comply strictly with the letter and spirit of all federal, state and applicable international trade regulations and antitrust laws.  Any activities of the Association or Association-related actions of its staff, officers, directors or members which violate these regulations and laws are detrimental to the interests of the Association and are unequivocally contrary to Association policy.
Implementation.  Implementation of the antitrust compliance policy of the Association shall include, but shall not be limited to, the following:
Association Membership, Board of Directors, Executive Committee and other Committee meetings shall be conducted pursuant to agenda distributed in advance to attendees; discussions shall be limited to agenda items; there shall be no substantive discussions of Association matters other than at official meetings; minutes shall be distributed promptly to attendees.
All Association activities or discussions shall be avoided which might be construed as tending to: (1) raise, lower or stabilize prices; (2) regulate production; (3) allocate markets; (4) encourage boycotts; (5) foster unfair trade practices; (6) assist in monopolization; or in any way violate federal, state or applicable international trade regulations and antitrust laws.
The General Counsel shall attend all Association Executive Committee, Board of Directors and Membership meetings.  Attendance of counsel at other meetings shall be at the discretion of the President or Executive Director.
Association members, officers, directors or employees who participate in conduct which the Board of Directors, by a two-thirds majority vote, determines to be contrary to the Association antitrust compliance policy shall be subject to disciplinary measures up to, and including, termination.
Bylaws, Article IX: Indemnification
The association shall indemnify and save harmless each officer, director and employee against expenses actually and necessarily incurred by them for any matter arising out of any action, suit, proceeding or claim in which they or any of them are made parties or a party by reason of having served as an officer, director or employee of the association, except in relation to matters as to which they be adjudged in such action, suit or proceeding to be liable for gross negligence in the performance of their duties, and to such matters as shall be settled by agreement predicated on the existence of such liability for gross negligence or misconduct.
Article X
EFFECTIVE DATE
The effective date of these bylaws shall be January 1, 1993.
AEMA Bylaws, Amended February 21 2013
Anti-Trust Policy
The Asphalt Emulsion Manufacturers Association (AEMA) is a trade association of members of the asphalt emulsion manufacturing industry which was incorporated in 1973 under the non-profit corporation law of the District of Columbia. It is organized to promote the common interests of its members and of the members of the asphalt emulsion industry when such interests do not conflict with the common good. AEMA is not intended to become involved, and will not become involved, in the competitive business decisions of its member companies, nor will it take any action which would tend to restrain competition in the emulsified asphalt industry.
Nevertheless, it is recognized by the Board of Directors of AEMA that the Association and its varied activities could be regarded by some as a forum or opportunity to promote anti-competitive conduct. For this reason, the Board of Directors has taken this occasion, through this statement of policy, to make clear its unequivocal support for the policy of competition served by the anti-trust laws as well as its uncompromising intent to comply strictly in all respects with those laws.
In addition to the Association`s firm commitment to the principle of competition served by the anti-trust laws, the penalties which may be imposed upon both the Association and its individual and corporate members involved in any violation of such laws, are now so severe that good business judgment demands that every effort be made to avoid any such violation. Certain violations of the Sherman Act, such as price-fixing, are felony crimes for which individuals may now be imprisoned for up to three (3) years or fined up to $100,000 or both, and corporations can be fined up to $1,000,000 for each offense. In addition, treble damage claims by private parties (including class actions) for anti-trust violations are extremely expensive to litigate and can result in judgments of a magnitude which could destroy the Association and seriously affect the financial interests of its individual members.
It shall be the responsibility of every member of AEMA to be guided by AEMA`s policy of strict compliance with the anti-trust laws in all AEMA activities. It shall be the special responsibility of Association officers, committee chairmen, and regional officers and regional committee chairmen to ensure that this policy is known and adhered to in the course of activities pursued under their leadership.
To assist the AEMA staff and all its officers, directors, committee chairmen, and conference officers in recognizing situations which may raise the appearance of an anti-trust problem, the Board will, as a matter of policy, furnish to each of such persons copies of the Association`s General Rules of Anti-Trust Compliance. The Association will also make available general legal advice when questions arise as to the manner in which the anti-trust laws may apply to the activities of AEMA or to any committee or conference thereof.
Anti-trust compliance is the responsibility of every AEMA member. Any violation of the AEMA General Rules of Anti-Trust Compliance or of this general policy will result in the immediate suspension from membership in the Association, and immediate removal from any Association office held by any official representative violating the same.
General Rules of Anti-Trust Compliance
The following rules are applicable to all AEMA activities and must be observed in all situations and under all circumstances, without exception or qualification other than as noted below:
Neither AEMA nor any of its committees or regional groups nor any activity of any of the same shall be used for the purpose of bringing about, or attempting to bring about, any understanding or agreement, written or oral, formal or informal, express or implied, among competitors with regard to prices, terms or conditions of sale, discounts, distribution, volume of production, territories or customers.
No AEMA activity or communication shall include discussion or action, for any purpose or in any fashion, of prices or pricing methods, production quotas or other limitations on either the timing or volume of production or of sales, or involve allocation of territories or markets or customers in any way.
No AEMA committee or regional group or committee thereof shall undertake any activity which involves exchange or collection and dissemination among competitors, of any information regarding prices, pricing methods, costs of production, or of labor or sales or distribution or individual company statistics of any kind, without first obtaining the advice of legal counsel, provided by the Association, as to those proper and lawful methods by which these activities may be pursued.
No AEMA activity or communication shall include any discussion or action which might be construed as an attempt to prevent any person or business entity from gaining access to any market or to any customer for goods or services, or to prevent or boycott any business entity from obtaining a supply of goods or otherwise purchasing goods or services freely in the market.
No AEMA activity or communication shall include any discussion or action which might be construed as an agreement or understanding to refrain from purchasing any raw materials, equipment, services or other supplies from any supplier.
Neither AEMA, nor any of its committees or regional groups thereof, shall make any effort to bring about the standardization of any product or method of manufacture or certification of any product or program, for the purpose of preventing the manufacture or sale of any product not conforming to a specified standard or which would tend to have the overall effect of either lessening competition or resulting in a degree of price stabilization.
No person or company shall be unreasonably excluded from AEMA membership or participation in any AEMA activity, committee, product section or conference, where such exclusion may impair such person’s or company’s ability to compete effectively in the emulsified asphalt industry.
Participation in any and all Association activities by any member company is wholly voluntary and no action may be taken by the Association or any committee or regional group thereof which would compel adherence to any Association standard or participation in any Association activity or program.
In conducting AEMA committee meetings, or product sections or conferences, the chairman thereof shall prepare and follow a formal agenda. Minutes of each meeting shall be distributed to all persons who attended such meetings. Approval of the minutes shall be obtained from the membership of the committee, product section or conference at its next meeting. Copies of the minutes shall be transmitted to the headquarters staff and to legal counsel.
In informal or social discussions at the site of an AEMA meeting, which are beyond the control of its officers and chairmen, all representatives are expected to observe the same standards of personal conduct required of the Association in its compliance with these anti-trust guidelines.
Conflict of Interest Policy
Purpose:
The purpose of this Policy is to protect the interest of the Asphalt Emulsion Manufacturers Association (“AEMA”) when it is contemplated that AEMA may enter into a transaction and/or arrangement that might benefit the private interest of an AEMA Member of the Board Of Directors, Officer, or Committee Chair (hereinafter “AEMA Director or Directors”).
Basic Principles:
AEMA Directors have a duty of loyalty and fiduciary responsibility to AEMA.  The duty of loyalty means that in matters related to their Board, Officer or Committee activities, they will act in the best interest of AEMA.  The duty of fiduciary responsibility means that the AEMA Directors will avoid voting on or advising on matters in which they have a direct or indirect financial interest, or in which the potential for a conflict of interest otherwise exists.
Definitions:
Conflict of interest.  A conflict of interest may be in either appearance or fact or both.  A potential conflict of interest exists when one is in a position to use their status to influence decisions for their personal advantage or for the advantage of family members or their controlled entities.Direct financial interest.  A direct financial interest is the receipt of consideration of any amount. Indirect financial interest.  An indirect financial interest exists if a party transacting business with AEMA is an AEMA  Director (as set forth above) or a member of his or her immediate family, or an entity in which an AEMA Director or immediate family member has a 5% or more interest. Immediate family.   Immediate family includes a dependent of an AEMA Director and the person’s spouse, children, parents, siblings, mothers and fathers-in-law, sons and daughters-in-law and brothers and sisters-in-law.
Procedures:
In connection with any actual or potential conflict of interest, an interested person must disclose the existence of his or her financial interest conflict and all material facts to the AEMA Board of Directors.  After disclosure of the financial interest and all materials facts, and after any discussion with the interested person, he or she shall leave the AEMA Board Meeting.  The disinterested AEMA Board members then shall decide if a conflict of interest exists.
Violations of Conflict of Interest Policy:
If the AEMA Board has reason to believe that an AEMA Director has failed to disclose a potential conflict of interest, it shall inform the person of the basis for such belief and afford that person an opportunity to explain the alleged failure to disclose.  If, after hearing the response of the person, the AEMA Board determines that the person has failed to disclose a conflict of interest, it shall take appropriate action, including but not limited to removal of that person from their position and/or repayment of any gains occasioned by the conflict.  In making such determination, the AEMA Board shall provide the effected person with reasonable due process.
Approved September 24, 2008
Delivery Method and Timing Policy
How are Shipping Delivery Dates Calculated?
15% is added to the Subtotal for Shipping & Handling within the US is added to cover shipping. 30% is added to the Subtotal for Foreign Shipments (including Canada).
Someone from our association will contact you to confirm approval for the difference if your shipping exceeds the initial cost.
If you require your shipment to be expedited, please contact the AEMA Headquarters.
Contributions or gifts to AEMA are not deductible as charitable contributions for federal income tax purposes; however, dues, publications, advertising, and registration fees are generally deductible as ordinary and necessary business expenses. Check with your accountant. FEDERAL TAX ID # 52-0990874.
How is my package shipped?
We use USPS or FedEx to deliver your order. Once your order is received and processed, you will receive email confirmation that your order is shipping.
If tracking information is available you will receive it via email once your order has been processed to the email you provided.
Why isn’t there tracking information for my order?
If you don’t see any tracking data for your order has not yet been processed or has been shipped via USPS. We will let you know how your package was shipped in your email confirmation.
When will my order arrive to an international address?
Our estimated delivery date for your order is based on how quickly we can obtain and ship your items, your address and your shipping speed. Your order will arrive within these delivery estimates based on your location and selected shipping speed during regular business days.
Destination Country
Shipping times to contiguous U.S.
3 to 5
Shipping Times to Africa
18 to 32
Shipping Times to Asia & Pacific Islands
18 to 32
Shipping Times to Atlantic Caribbean & Other Islands
18 to 32
Shipping Times to Australia
18 to 32
Shipping Times to Canada
7 to 11
Shipping Times to Europe
18 to 32
Shipping Times to Israel
18 to 32
Shipping Times to Japan
18 to 32
Shipping Times to Latin America
18 to 32
Shipping Times to the Middle East
18 to 32
E-Commerce Privacy Policy
ASPHALT EMULSION MANUFACTURERS ASSOCIATION (AEMA) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Statement of Privacy applies to the AEMA website (aema.org) and governs data collection and usage at all AEMA sites and services; it does not apply to other online or offline sites, products or services. Please read the AEMA Statement of Privacy. AEMA is a general audience website, intended for users of all ages. Personal information of all users is collected, used and disclosed as described in this Statement of Privacy.
Collection of your Personal Information
As an e-commerce website, AEMA collects personal information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Information collected by AEMA is used solely for the purpose of billing your online purchases. AEMA does not collect any information about your computer hardware and software.
AEMA encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from AEMA so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. We are not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the AEMA website.
Use of your Personal Information
AEMA and its operational service partners collect and use your personal information to process product orders and deliver the products requested. It is possible that AEMA may also use personal information to inform you of other products or services available from AEMA and its affiliates. AEMA may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
AEMA does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. AEMA may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your personal information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings, providing customer support, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services. We will only provide those companies the personal information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
AEMA does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
AEMA may access and/or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on AEMA or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of AEMA, including its website; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of AEMA or the public.
Personal information collected on this site may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which AEMA or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using this site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country. AEMA abides by the safe harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union.
Control your Personal Information AEMA offers its customers choices for the collection, use and sharing of personal information. You may go notify us of your preferences by emailing info@aema.org. Please be sure to provide complete account information so we can identify you in our records.
You may also stop the delivery of future promotional e-mail from AEMA by responding directly to any email you receive with a request to remove you from the mailing list
Security of your Personal Information
AEMA is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access, which are located in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential information (such as a credit card number) over the Internet, we protect it through Elavon’s Payment Service.
Changes to this Statement
AEMA will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. If there are material changes to this Statement or in how AEMA will use your personal information, AEMA will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change. AEMA encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how AEMA is protecting your information.
Meeting Policies
REGISTRATION FEES:  Registration fees for all AEMA meetings, seminars, and programs shall be structured in accordance with the following schedule:
AEMA Members
X Amount
Governmental, Institutional
Same, Same
Non-Members
X plus 50%
PROCESSING OF REGISTRATION FORMS:  AEMA will not process any registration form for any AEMA meeting, seminar, or program, that is submitted to AEMA headquarters without payment, period.
REGISTRATION CANCELLATION POLICY:  Notification must be received by AEMA headquarters if you have registered for the meeting and subsequently find you will be unable to attend.  If registration cancellation is necessary, AEMA will refund registration fees in accordance with the following schedule:
Cancellation received by:
Refund:
Two weeks prior to first day of meeting
100% minus $15 processing fee
One week prior to first day of meeting
50% of registration fee
Less than one week prior to meeting
No refund
Registrants who do not attend the meeting will not receive a full refund (minus the $15 processing fee), unless the headquarters office has been notified of cancellation plans at least two weeks prior to the first day of the meeting. “No Shows” will be charged the full registration fee.
Persons attending any portion of an AEMA meeting will be responsible for the full registration fee. There will be no partial registration fee for one-day attendance or participation at meal functions only.
AEMA strongly urges your compliance with this policy in order to equitably allocate meeting costs among all meeting participants.
ELECTRONIC RECORDING POLICY: AEMA strictly prohibits the audio and/or video recording of any and all sessions at any AEMA meeting, seminar, or conference without authorization by the AEMA Board of Directors.
Return and Refund Policies
Our goal is to ensure your complete satisfaction If, for whatever reason, you are dissatisfied with your purchase, you can return it to AEMA within 30 days of purchase date subject to conditions below. Claims for missing items or items damaged in transit must be received within two business days of receipt of merchandise
Refunds & Credits Refunds on returned items will be issued in the same payment form as tendered at the time of purchase. Once we receive and inspect the product we will credit your account. Please allow 5-7 days for a credit to appear on your account. If payment was made by check, the refund check will not be issued before 10 business days after the date of purchase
Exchanges If the item was sent back for an exchange, please allow 3-5 business days for the replacement to be processed.
Conditions Please read all conditions below. If conditions are not met, AEMA reserves the right to refuse the return or to charge a restocking fee not less than 15%.
All returned or exchanged items must be in new condition, in their original box, and must include all packing material and all accessories.
AEMA is not responsible for personal data or items left in returned merchandise.
AEMA is not responsible for any consequential or incidental damage resulting from the sale or use of any merchandise bought from us. We are responsible for the monetary value of the merchandise only.
EVENT REFUND POLICY FOR REGISTRATION Notification must be received by AEMA headquarters if you have registered for the meeting and subsequently find you will be unable to attend.  If registration cancellation is necessary, AEMA will refund registration fees in accordance with the following schedule:
Cancellation received by:
Refund:
2 weeks prior to 1st day of meeting
100% less $15
1 week prior to 1st day of meeting
50%
Less than 1 week prior to meeting
No refund
Registrants who do not attend the meeting will not receive a full refund (minus the $15 processing fee), unless the headquarters office has been notified of cancellation plans at least two weeks prior to the first day of the meeting.  “No Shows” will be charged the full registration fee.
Persons attending any portion of an AEMA meeting will be responsible for the full registration fee.  There will be no partial registration fee for one-day attendance or participation at meal functions only.
AEMA strongly urges your compliance with this policy in order to equitably allocate meeting costs among all meeting participants.
Code of Ethics
The Asphalt Emulsion Manufacturers Association encourages and promotes the efficient and increased use of emulsified asphalt as a paving product. The Association is dedicated to the advancement and improvement of the road asphalt emulsion industry.
While appreciable progress toward these goals is being made, continued advancement requires safeguards against possible counter-productive or unethical behavior on the part of any individual or group.
Therefore, we, as active members of AEMA, do adhere to the highest standards of conduct in the handling of our affairs within the asphalt emulsion industry, and will at all times:
Be aware of our responsibility to produce and market the highest quality products while offering our customers prompt and satisfactory service.
Be completely fair, honest, and above board, and in compliance with all applicable laws.
Be aware of our obligation to avoid any action that might serve to jeopardize the welfare of the asphalt emulsion industry.
Be resolute in our determination to improve and better our products through continual research and development.
Be active in cooperating with government agencies in their efforts to obtain the best in road construction and performance for tax dollars spent.
Be active in the advancement of the technology of emulsion production and use so as to improve the environment through reduced hydrocarbon emissions pollution, and to aid in the conservation of fuel resources.
Be willing to support and operate within the free enterprise system.
Be mindful of maintaining the highest standards of character and integrity.
The AEMA Ethics Committee will serve to monitor compliance with the principles stated above. The AEMA Ethics Committee will have full responsibility for determining violations of the AEMA Code of Ethics, and will recommend appropriate action when violation of the Code is determined.
Sign In
Remember Me
Forgot your password?Haven't registered yet?
Latest News
more
7/9/2020PPRA Connections 2020, No. 2
7/9/2020Emulsion Notes 2020, No. 2
Calendar
more
10/15/2020FHWA/PPRA Webinar: Tack and Fog Seal10/21/2020TSP2 Midwestern Pavement Preservation Partnership Webinar
Contact Us
Asphalt Emulsion Manufacturers Association 800 Roosevelt Road, Building C-312 Glen Ellyn, IL 60137 630.942.6579
Email Member Services
Quick Links
Find an AEMA Member
News
Industry Training
Publications
Privacy Policy
Membership Management Software Powered by YourMembership  ::  Legal