https://www.formetco.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Formetco, Family Owned Since 1968
AboutDivisions Digital BillboardsOutdoor HardwareSports SystemsLed VideoSupportCOVID-19 Status UpdateMedia & Events NewslettersTestimonialsContactWant free artwork for your digital billboards? Explore our Creative LibraryCONTACT US Today!Contact Info(800) 367-6382AboutDivisions Digital BillboardsOutdoor HardwareSports SystemsLed VideoSupportCOVID-19 Status UpdateMedia & Events NewslettersTestimonialsContact SearchContact Info(800) 367-6382
Privacy PolicyHome / Privacy PolicyFORMETCO, INCORPORATEDPrivacy PolicyEffective Date: August 7th, 2020Protecting the privacy of our users is important to Formetco, Incorporated and its affiliates (collectively, “Formetco”, and sometimes referred to in this Policy as “we,” “our” or “us”). We hope the following statement about the information we collect from Formetco’s websites (including, without limitation, formetco.com, formetcohardware.com, formetcosports.com, formetcodigital.com, and formetcodigital.com) and associated webpages (collectively, the “Site”) and via the client portal available via the formetcodigital.com Site (the “Portal”), will help you understand how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information provided to us on the Site and through the Portal by the users of the Site and Portal (such user sometimes referred to in this Policy as “you” or “yours”). This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) is part of our Terms of Service (the “Terms”).  Capitalized terms used and not defined in this Policy have the meanings given to them in the Terms. If you do not agree with this Policy, you may not use the Site or access or use the Portal.  We reserve the right to change this Policy at any time as described in the Terms A Special Note for International Visitors to our Site:  Much of our computer systems are currently based in the United States, so your personally identifiable information will be processed by us in the United States, where data protection and privacy regulations may be different than other parts of the world, such as the European Union.  If you create an online account on this Site or use the Portal as a visitor from outside the United States, you are agreeing to the terms of this Policy and our Terms of Service and you will have consented to the transfer and processing of all such information in the United States, which may not offer an equivalent level of protection of that in the European Union or certain other countries.   This Policy provides the following information:  Visiting the Site. Collection and Use of Anonymous Information. Collection and Use of Personal Information. Protection of Your Personal Information. Submitted Content. Links to Other Sites. How to View and Modify the Personal Information on our Systems. Children’s Privacy. How to Contact Us. VISITING THE SITE  You can view many portions of the Site anonymously and without creating an account.  In this case, we may collect anonymous information (i.e., information that cannot, separately or combined, be used to personally identify you) about your visit as set forth below.  If you submit a request for further information about any products or services, request access to use content we expressly make available for download on the Site (“Downloadable Content”) or register for or use the Portal, you may provide certain personally identifiable information, which we may collect.  Additional details on the specific information we collect and how we use the information is provided below.      COLLECTION AND USE OF ANONYMOUS INFORMATION When you visit the Site anonymously (i.e., without logging in), we may automatically collect anonymous information about your visit that will not be used to personally identify you.  This information may include, but is not limited to, your IP address, operating system, client type, whether you came to our Site from one of our advertisers, whether you have previously visited our Site, how long you stayed on our Site, what you viewed on our Site and browser type and version. This information is used for administrative purposes, such as to generate usage statistics, to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer the Site, and to ensure that the Site is accessible to the widest possible audience.  Information collected while using the Site anonymously is never tied to a user account or otherwise associated with the identity of a user.  We may also track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from all Site and Portal users (collectively, all of the foregoing, the “Aggregate Information”).  The Aggregate Information is used to help us diagnose technical problems, administer the Site and Portal, and improve our offerings and marketing.  The Aggregate Information is never linked or otherwise associated with any personally identifiable information that we may collect.   We also use cookies to track affiliates and to enhance features of the Site.  You can still use the Site and Portal with cookies disabled, however, please note that some features may not work at all or may not work to their fullest capability.  No personal information is contained within the affiliate cookies.  Cookies used to enhance features of the Site may include login or session management information.   COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION Collection at Account Creation  An account may be required to access and use the Portal or certain areas of the Site.  To create an account, you will be asked to provide personally identifiable information about yourself, including, without limitation, your name, address, employer name, telephone number and e-mail address.  This information is associated with your account.  You will also be required to use a username and password to help restrict access to your account.   We use your personal information to create your account, administer the Site, identify account holders, provide you access to your account, process your orders and provide customer service to you with respect to such orders, provide you the Portal, send you important communications and as otherwise described below.     Other Uses of Your Personal Information  We may use your personal information to periodically send information that we think you might find of interest from our company or our affiliates such as coupons, bonuses, new products and services, special offers, company news or other important product information.   You always have the option to opt out of our internal marketing communications by indicating your preference in your account settings.  Please note that opting out of receiving these communications will not remove your personal information from our files and we will still contact you as necessary to fulfill your orders and provide any applicable Portal at your request.   Third Parties:We do not sell, share, or rent your personal information to third parties for purposes other than as discussed below.  We will only provide your personal information: to our third party vendors who provide services on our behalf or whose software or services interface with or otherwise receive information from, or provide information to, the Site and the Portal.  These services may include, but are not limited to, hosting of the Site and Portal, customer or technical support, sales or marketing services and sales analytics.  We will only permit these third parties to access, use and maintain the information that they need in order to provide these services on our behalf and subject to confidentiality obligations. They are prohibited from using the information for any other purpose; to a third party that may acquire our business; or to comply with any legal obligation, subpoena or other court order, to cooperate with appropriate law enforcement agencies and other parties involved in investigating claims of illegal or inappropriate activity, and as necessary to enforce any of our Terms (or any agreement relating to the Portal) or to protect the rights, property or safety of our systems and network for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction. PROTECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION We take your privacy and the protection of your personal information very seriously.  While no service provider can guarantee absolute security when communicating over the internet or wireless networks, we are committed to taking steps to help secure any personal information that may be in our possession.  For example, we use electronic security measures, including SSL network connections for our Site, that are reasonably designed to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access or disclosure.   You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any password used to log in, if any, and you should always be mindful and responsible whenever disclosing information online that the information is potentially accessible to the public, and consequently, could be collected and used by others without your consent. SUBMITTED CONTENT By submitting or posting information, materials or content via the Site or the Portal, you agree that we can further distribute such content as described in the Terms under “Submissions.”  You agree that you have no expectation of or right to privacy with respect to such Submissions, except for any limits on our ability to use or distribute such content as set forth in the Terms. The terms of this paragraph does not apply to personal information you submit to us via the Site or the Portal. LINKS TO OTHER SITES  Our Site and Portal may contain links to, or incorporate or utilize, Linked Sites as described in the Terms under “Links to Third Party Sites.”  We provide access to these Linked Sites as a convenience to our users.  These Linked Sites are not intended as an endorsement of or referral to the Linked Sites.    This Policy applies to this Site and the Portal only.  Linked Sites have their own privacy policies and procedures.  We assume no responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of any Linked Sites.  We strongly recommend that you carefully read the privacy statements, notices and terms of service of any Linked Sites to understand how your information will be handled.   HOW TO VIEW AND MODIFY THE PERSONAL INFORMATION ON OUR SYSTEMS If applicable, you can view and modify the personal information stored in your account by visiting the account settings portion of the Portal.  In addition, account information changes, technical support, service information, and changes in usage may be requested by sending an email to websitesupport@formetco.com. We will endeavor to respond to all requests in a timely manner.  CHILDREN’S PRIVACY  As addressed in the federal Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and associated rules, we do not knowingly collect or maintain any personal information from anyone under the age of 13.  FURTHER, BY PLACING AN ORDER FOR ANY SERVICES, YOU ARE ATTESTING THAT YOU ARE 18 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER.  We encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and interests.  If you are a parent or guardian and you believe that your child has provided personally identifiable information on our Site, please contact us at websitesupport@formetco.com so that we can delete the child’s information.  HOW TO CONTACT US  If you have any questions about these Terms, our products the Site or the Portal, please contact us at  websitesupport@formetco.com.  sign up for our newsletterEmail* EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Footer InfoCorporate Office: 2963 Pleasant Hill Road Duluth, GA 30096 (800) 367-6382AboutSupportDigital BillboardsMedia & EventsOutdoor HardwareContactSports SystemsTerms of UseLed VideoPrivacy PolicyTestimonialsConnect With Us