https://www.cutflower.com/resources/privacy/
Privacy Statement
Last updated: June 26, 2017
Cut Flower Wholesale, Inc. (CFW) owns and operates www.cutflower.com.
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site Information you give us: we receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way (by phone, by mail, by fax, by email, etc.). For example, we collect your name and mailing address, your email address, and your phone number. We may also collect financial information like credit card number if you make a purchase from us. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping interaction for you, and communicating with you.
Cut Flower Wholesale (CFW) is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the CFW website and governs data collection and usage. By using the CFW website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Cut Flower Wholesale knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting the Cut Flower Wholesale website, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
Collection of your Personal Information
CFW collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. CFW also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your zip code, age, gender, preferences, interests, and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by CFW. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by CFW for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the CFW website.
CFW encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from CFW so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. CFW is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the CFW and CFW family of websites.
Automatic information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us through our website. For example, like many websites, we use “cookies”, and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses cutflower.com. Examples of information we collect and analyze include the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; browser type and version; operating system and platform; the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our website, including date and time; cookie number; products you view or search for.
Information from other sources: For reasons such as improving personalization of our product offering, we might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our database. We also sometimes receive updated delivery and mailing address/email address information from our shippers or other sources so that we can correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communicate more easily.
Information Collection And Use: While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personal identifiable information may include but is not limited to your name (“Personal Information”).
Log Data. Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the page of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages as well as other statistics. In addition, we may use third-party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this information.
Use of your Personal Information
CFW collects and uses your personal information to operate the CFW website and deliver the services you have requested. CFW also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from CFW and its affiliates. CFW may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
CFW does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. CFW may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (email, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, CFW may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to CFW, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
CFW does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
CFW keeps track of the websites and pages our customers visit within CFW, in order to determine what CFW services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within CFW to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
CFW websites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on CFW or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of CFW; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of CFW, or the public.We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or other promotional materials.
What about Cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as personalization and storage of information you already gave us between visits. This interim storage will relieve you from re-entering personal data and preferences in future visits.
The “HELP” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of Cut Flower Wholesale ordering features, and we recommend that you leave them turned on.
Security of your Personal Information
How secure is information about me?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), which encrypts information you input.
How Does Encryption Work?
Encryption is based on a key that has two different parts. The public part and the private part. The public part of the key is distributed to those you want to communicate with. The private part is for the recipient’s use only.
CFW secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. CFW secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
When you send personal information to Cut Flower Wholesale, you use Cut Flower Wholesale’s public key to encrypt your personal information. That means, if at any point during the transmission your information is intercepted, it is scrambled and very difficult to decrypt. Once Cut Flower Wholesale receives your encrypted personal information, we use the private part of our key to decode it.
If at any point in the future we start accepting online credit card purchasing we will reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
How does Cut Flower Wholesale use or share the information we collect?
Cut Flower Wholesale is not in the business of selling consumer information to others. We share and use the information we collect only in order to serve you better as described below:
Email communications: we use email to communicate with you in a quicker and more efficient way, advising you about special discounts available, new products, responding to your questions or to confirm your orders or shipments to you. If you do not want to receive email or other mail from us, please let us know by sending us a message via email or postal mail.
Phone Communications: We may use the phone to communicate with you, advising you about special discounts available, verifying incomplete orders or responding to your questions, in compliance with the Telephone Consumer Protection Act. We may contact you by phone if you have previously contacted us to request information about our products and special offers, or if you unsuccessfully attempted to place an order on our website. If you do not want to receive phone calls from us, please let us know by sending us a message via email or postal mail.
Changes to this Statement
CFW will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. CFW encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how CFW is protecting your information.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of June 26, 2017 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page. We reserve the right to update change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications and your consent to abide can be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
In case you have any questions about any portion of our Privacy Policy, please send an email to sales@cutflower.com
Questions?
Call us at 404-320-1619 or email sales@cutflower.com.
Cut Flower Wholesale is the Atlanta-based premier fresh-flower wholesaler importing the finest florals from around the world.
My Account
Shop
New customer signup form
Cut Flower Wholesale is the Atlanta-based premier fresh-flower wholesaler importing the finest florals from around the world.
Questions?
Contact us and let us know
how we can help!
Search
CALL US!404-320-1619
Cut Flower Wholesale
2122 Faulkner Rd. NE
Atlanta, GA 30324
Hours:
Mon: 7am-3pm
Tue-Fri: 8am-3pm
Sat: 8am-noon
error: Alert: Content is protected !!