https://www.haba.org/privacy-policy/
HABA.org is committed to protecting the privacy of HABA.org members’ personal information. This privacy statement applies with respect to the information that HABA.org collects from the HABA.org Website, located at www.haba.org.
Amendments to this privacy statement will be posted at this URL and will be effective when posted. Your continued use of this site following the posting of any amendment, modification or change shall constitute your acceptance thereof.
What information do we collect?
Personal Information means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, the information you submit voluntarily, for example first and last name, a home or other physical address and an email address or other contact information in registration or surveys. Currently, we do not require you to provide Personal Information in order to have access to the free commentary, analysis and news available on the www.HABA.org website (the “Site”).
How secure is the information we collect?
HABA is committed to industry best practices concerning security to prevent the loss, misuse and alteration of the information in our possession. However, as you know, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, and other users may abuse or misuse Personal Information that they collect from the Site. Therefore, although we work very hard to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your Personal Information or private communications will always remain private.
Payment transactions are conducted in a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) session, which encrypts all transaction data for transmittal in a format that helps reduce the chance of theft of the information. While on a secure page, most modern browsers will let you know that you are in a secured session. Our servers are located in a secure, supervised environment.
To whom may we disclose your information?
HABA.org will not disclose any Personal Information, except as set forth in this Privacy Statement. With the few exceptions that we explain here, we do not give, rent, lend, or sell individual information.
How do we protect children’s privacy?
We operate our sites in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act and will not knowingly collect or use personally identifiable information from anyone under 13.
How do we use cookies?
IP addresses
Your Web browser or email application automatically provides your Internet Protocol address (“IP address”) to other computers with which you communicate over the Internet, so that they know where to send you information.
We receive an IP address each time you view one of our Web pages, because the browser automatically reports it to us.
Cookies
Cookies may be used on the Site to estimate our audience size and website usage patterns. Our search engines may use cookies to expedite your search for content or products.
Most browsers are set up to accept cookies, but you can configure yours to refuse cookies or notify you when you’ve received one. Browsers differ, so check your “Help” menu to learn how to change your cookie preferences. If you reject cookies on the Site, though, you may not be able to access all areas of the Site or use many of its features, including our comment and messaging services. When you accept our cookies, we cannot use them to find out who you really are, unless you tell us.
How can you protect your account?
While we do our best to protect Personal Information, HABA.org cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online, especially when using a computer that other people can use also.
General
We may amend this policy from time to time. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently.
Feedback and Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with the HABA.org Website, you can contact us at administrator@haba.org.
Join us today and enjoy our membership benefits.
APPLY FOR MEMBERSHIP
RENEW YOUR MEMBERSHIP
Annual dues cover the calendar year ending December 31st.
There are no discounts for partial-year payment. Renew on-time to receive all member benefits.
To pay by mail, please send a check, payable to:
Hellenic American Bankers Association, Inc.
F.D.R Station - P.O. Box 7244
New York, NY 10150
Renew now
Our Mission:
HABA is a professional networking organization that has strived to serve the professional and educational interests of the Hellenic community by sponsoring lectures, seminars, receptions with guest speakers and other events such as book-signings, holiday celebrations and job fairs.
Learn more
Stay up-to-date
Get notified of upcoming events and news from HABA straight to your inbox.
Connect with us
Connect on linkedin
Follow us on Instagram
Like us on Facebook
Get in contact