http://www.cembhofmann.co.uk/privacy-statement/
Call Us
Balancing and vibration analysis since 1946
sales@cembhofmann.co.uk
Wheel & Tyre Assembly Lines
Portable Equipment
Vibration Monitoring
Vibration Transducers
4-20 mA Vibration Transmitters
Protection Equipment
Special Systems and Sensors
Speed Rotation and Axial Displacement
Services
Sub-Contract Balancing
Training
About
News
Contact
To search for our products, type and hit enter.
Privacy Statement
Last updated 23.05.2018
We have published this updated Privacy Statement to reflect changes in privacy laws. The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which is enforceable from 25 May 2018, provides new rights to individuals and requires organisations to provide information in a clear and transparent way. This statement aims to explain how we collect, store and use your personal data. When we refer to “we”, “us” or “our” in this Statement we mean CEMB Hofmann UK.
CEMB Hofmann UK is a leading provider of Dynamic Balancing Machines and offers a sub-contract balancing service using the latest balancing technology. The company provides complete after sales support, machine calibration service and machine upgrades. Company registration number 3602667.
This Privacy Statement applies to personal data collected by CEMB Hofmann UK and processed at our registered offices: CEMB Hofmann UK 1 Longwood Road, Trafford Park, Manchester M17 1PZ and under contract at the sites of service providers appointed by us. CEMB Hofmann UK, as a Data Controller, is committed to protecting the privacy of our clients and subscribers. We endeavour to comply with the Data Protection Act 1998, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 (amended) and other relevant legislation.
How you can contact us.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement or would like to contact us about any other matter, please use the following contact information:
Email: sales@cembhofmann.co.uk
Address: 1 Longwood Road, Trafford Park, Manchester M17 1PZ
How do we collect your personal data?
We collect personal data in the following ways:
When you provide your contact details to us requesting information about our products or services, either via the telephone, our online enquiry forms, purchase forms or face-to-face.
When you register as a member on our website
When you register as a customer on our website
When you sign up for our email newsletters
When you register to attend one of our events
Via openly available public sources (e.g. LinkedIn, Facebook or company websites).
What types of personal data we collect?
The personal data we routinely collect includes:
Full name
Email address
Home/company addresses
Company name
User name
Contact details
VAT Number
We do not collect any special categories of personal data, as defined under the GDPR. Our products and services are not aimed at children.
How do we use your personal data?
Purpose
Lawful basis for processing
To fulfil an enquiry, request for information and/or to administer our services
For the performance of a contract or agreement
To facilitate your attendance at one of our exhibitions
For the performance of a contract or agreement
To maintain records of prospective, current and past clients and our suppliers
Our Legitimate Interests, which we have balanced with the interests of our clients, suppliers and business contacts
To send email newsletters to you, if you have signed up via our websites
Your consent
To send quotations for machine calibration at agreed intervals.
With your consent
Our email newsletters.
On the CEMB Hofmann UK website, we invite you to opt-in and give your Consent to receive our newsletters. You can unsubscribe from these at any point by clicking on the unsubscribe link on any marketing email you receive from us. Alternatively, you can unsubscribe by emailing CEMB Hofmann UK: sales@cembhofmann.co.uk. We do not conduct any segmentation of our newsletter audiences.
Your rights regarding your personal data
You have a number of rights under data protection law, which have been strengthened under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR):
Access: You have the right to access the personal data we may hold about you and the purposes for which we are using it. We may ask for proof of your identity. On receipt of such a request we will endeavour to respond to you as soon as possible, at most within one calendar month.
Rectification: You have the right to request that we amend any personal data which is incorrect or requires updating.
Erasure: You have the right to request that we delete any personal information pertaining to you. We will assess any deletion request on a case by case basis.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please use the following contact details:
Email: sales@cembhofmann.co.uk
Address: CEMB Hofmann UK, 1 Longwood Road, Trafford Park, Manchester M17 1PZ
Telephone: 0161 8723123
If you are concerned about the manner in which we have collected and used your personal data, please contact us using the contact details above – we will do our best to help. If you are unhappy with the manner in which we have handled your personal data you have the right to contact the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Where do we store your personal data?
We store and process your personal data at our registered offices at 1 Longwood Road, Trafford Park, Manchester M17 1PZ
How do we keep your personal data secure?
CEMB Hofmann UK take the protection of your personal data very seriously and we take appropriate steps to ensure your personal data is stored in a secure environment to prevent any unauthorised access. CEMB Hofmann UK may use external data service providers to process personal data on our behalf. When we do so, we have appropriate agreements in place to protect the data. Any data transfers between external service providers and ourselves are conducted by secure means. Where such service providers are located outside the EEA we have additional contractual arrangements in place.
Sharing of your personal data.
We will not share your personal information with any third parties for them to use for their own marketing purposes. We may disclose your personal data if required to do so by law.
How long do we store your personal data for?
We will only retain personal data for as long as is necessary for the purposes we are using it for. How long we retain data will vary depending on the purposes it is used for. We routinely update our database to ensure those who are not engaged are removed.
External Links
Please remember that if you use a link to go from our websites to another website, or you request a service from a third party, this Privacy Statement will no longer apply once you have left this website. Your browsing and interaction on any other website is subject to that website’s own rules and policies.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related activities or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Usage Data
We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Updates to this Statement
We review and update this Statement regularly to take account of changes to our processing and regulatory changes. We encourage you to review it from time to time. If we make any significant changes to this Statement, we will endeavour to communicate this to you where possible.
Cookie Notice
We use cookies to operate our websites, to understand how visitors use our websites and to track your interaction with our newsletters.
What is a cookie?
Cookies are text files which contain information about your internet usage that is held in your browser or on your computer’s hard drive. There are different types of cookie: some are essential for the site to operate properly, whereas others are aimed at enhancing and personalising your user experience. Cookies can help us to understand how consumers are interacting with our website, which helps us to improve our site and to deliver a better service to you.
What types of cookies do we use?
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential to enable you to move around the website and use its features. Without these cookies, we cannot provide some of the basic functionalities of our website.
Performance Cookies
These cookies generally collect information about how visitors use our website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and the pages that they don’t. This helps us to understand and improve the site, so it is easy to use and includes helpful content. They also allow us to fix bugs or glitches on the website. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies visitors, so we can’t identify you individually. We use Google Analytics to track usage of our websites and interaction with our newsletters. For example, to see what content you click on, so we can analyse what content is of most interest to our audience.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies allow our website to remember the choices you make as you browse the site. They provide more enhanced and personal features. The information collected is anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other sites once you leave our site.
How to turn off cookies
You can turn cookies off at any time, by going into your browser settings, however this may have a detrimental effect on your user experience. If you are happy to continue letting us use cookies in the ways set out in this Notice, to help us guide our work, then you need not do anything. If you have any concerns about the cookies we use, please contact: sales@cembhofmann.co.uk.
OUR PRODUCTS & SERVICES
HORIZONTAL BALANCING MACHINES
VERTICAL BALANCING MACHINES
SUB-CONTRACT BALANCING
PRODUCTION BALANCING MACHINES
WHEEL & TYRE ASSEMBLY LINES
PORTABLE EQUIPMENT
VIBRATION MONITORING
MACHINE SERVIES AND CALIBRATION
TRAINING
COMPANY PROFILE
CEMB Hofmann is the UK sales and service centre for CEMB S.p.A. and Hofmann Maschinen - und Anlagenbau GmbH
CONTACT