https://www.scantec.com/privacy-policy/
HOMESEARCH STORESERVICESSUPPORTCUSTOMER SUPPORTREQUEST A REPAIRRESOURCESFAQSABOUT USABOUT SCAN TECTESTIMONIALSPARTNERSVIDEOSNEWSCONTACT US
- Menu -— Menu —HOMESEARCH STORESERVICESSUPPORT- CUSTOMER SUPPORT- REQUEST A REPAIR- RESOURCES- FAQSABOUT US- ABOUT SCAN TEC- TESTIMONIALS- PARTNERSVIDEOSNEWSCONTACT US
Privacy Policy Our Commitment To Privacy Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.The Information We Collect This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Scan Technology, Inc. website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:Name Address Email address Phone number Credit/Debit Card Information (etc.)On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a product online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient’s address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:Name Address Phone Number (etc.)The Way We Use Information We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.You can register with our website if you would like to receive our catalog as well as updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website.Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.Our Commitment To Data Security To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information If you wish to correct your personal information provided to our company, you can contact us at info@scantec.com or by calling 931-723-0304 and all information will be updated immediately. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.How To Contact Us Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 931-723-0304 or send us an email at info@scantec.com. SUPPORT> Customer Support> Request a Repair> Resources> FAQsASK A QUESTIONName*Email*Question(s)*
WHO WE AREScan Technology is a hybrid company, being both a manufacturer and reseller of IT products. While our product base is diverse, our core business is automated identification and data collection solutions for companies and institutions that are in complex or highly regulated markets, such as healthcare, government and education. We are fully capable of guiding you through the product selection and implementation process to affordable solutions uniquely suited to your needs.QUICK LINKSRequest a Repair Resources FAQs About Us News Contact UsPOLICIESCredit Application Privacy Policy RMA and Return PolicyMARKETS WE SERVEHealthcare Government Education Hospitality Law Enforcement Warehousing Many moreCONTACT USTennessee Office (Main) 506 Hillsboro Blvd.  Suite 101 Manchester, TN 37355 Phone: (931) 723-0304 Toll-free: (877) 722-6784 Fax: (931) 723-0208Florida Office 10305 N.W. 4th Pl Gainesville, FL 32607 Phone: (352) 332-2093 Toll-free: (888) 784-2633 Fax: (352) 332-7133