http://www.boshart.com/policies.php
About Us
BoshartU
Products
News & Events
Contact Us
Login
Click window to close
Privacy Policy
Accessibility Standard for Customer Service Policy
BOSHART INDUSTRIES INC.
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: January 1, 2004
Boshart Industries Inc. is dedicated to maintaining the accuracy, privacy, and security of your Personal Information. This Privacy Policy provides our principles related to the protection of the Personal Information of our customers, suppliers, and other entities with which we engage in commercial activities and has been designed to be compliant with the federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act. (PIPEDA).
1. Who is Boshart Industries Inc.?
Boshart Industries Inc. ("Boshart"), headquartered in Milverton, Ontario, Canada manufactures quality products for the water well, plumbing, irrigation, pool and spa, HVAC, and industrial markets.
2. Definition of Personal Information
Personal Information is any information that identifies you, or by which your identity could be learned, but does not include your name, title, business address, or business telephone number. Examples of Personal Information include your home address, home telephone number, personal email address, billing and account information, numbers which may identify you (e.g. credit card), and transaction history.
3. Consent
You have the choice of whether or not to give us your Personal Information. If you submit your Personal Information to us, we will tell you why we are collecting it. For example, if you are asked to fill out a credit application, you may be required to provide Personal Information to us in order that we can assess our ability to do business with you.
By providing your Personal Information to Boshart or its agents, you are agreeing and consenting that Boshart may collect, use and disclose your Personal Information for the limited purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and as permitted or required by law. Wherever possible, we collect Personal Information directly from you. If you wish to withdraw, refuse, or limit your consent in any manner, please contact our Privacy Officer.
4. Why do we collect Personal Information?
Boshart collects Personal Information for the following limited purposes:
To meet safety, security, and legal requirements;
To conduct market surveys and to provide you with direct marketing materials;
To manage our relationship with you and ability to respond to your inquiries;
To maintain customer and supplier lists; and
To satisfy other reasonable business interests (e.g. collecting on outstanding accounts, assessing your credit rating).
5. How do we maintain your Personal Information?
Boshart maintains your Personal Information in secured locations and on servers controlled by us. We have developed and implemented security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the Personal Information. These safeguards include:
Premise security;
Restricted file access to personal information;
Deploying technological safeguards such as security software and firewalls to prevent hacking or unauthorized computer access;
Internal password and security policies;
Limited access to where personal information is stored;
6. When do we disclose your Personal Information?
We do not share, sell or rent your Personal Information to third parties for their own use without your consent.
Under certain circumstances, Boshart will disclose your Personal Information:
When required or authorized by law to do so (e.g. if a court issues a subpoena);
When you have consented to the disclosure;
Where it is necessary to establish or collect accounts for services rendered or work performed;
If we engage a third party to provide services to us (e.g. a computer technician) and the third party is bound by our Privacy Policy;
If the information is already publicly known; and
To meet an emergency need.
7. Accountability of your Personal Information
Boshart is responsible for the Personal Information collected and maintained by us and which is under our control. In order to fulfill this responsibility:
We have designated a Privacy Policy Officer to be responsible for Personal Information; Personal Information is retained as long as is reasonable to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, which in general is five to seven years depending on the sensitivity of the Personal Information;
We have taken the following measures to ensure compliance with this Privacy Policy:
Developed procedures to protect Personal information;
Developed procedures to receive and respond to complaints and inquiries;
Trained our staff about our policies and practices respecting Personal information; and
Developed and distributed information to our staff and the general public explaining our policies and procedures respecting Personal Information.
8. Accuracy of your Personal Information
Boshart is committed to maintaining accurate, complete and up-to-date Personal Information. We may periodically request information, written or otherwise, from you to ensure that the Personal Information collected and maintained by us is up-to-date and accurate. If during the time we are working with you on a matter and any of your Personal Information changes, please inform us so that we can make any necessary changes in your active file(s) and on our databases.
9. Who do I contact regarding access to and changes to my Personal Information?
If you wish to access your Personal Information, please contact our Privacy Officer at the address set out below. Please make your request in writing, or via e-mail. However, we reserve the right to confirm your identity before complying with any access requests.
Although Boshart strives to ensure your Personal Information is correct, accurate and complete, you can challenge the completeness of your Personal Information under our care and control. Where you can successfully demonstrate that an error in the accuracy or completeness of your Personal Information exists, we will take reasonable steps to correct it.
There may be a charge for providing this information in which case you will be notified in advance and may withdraw your request or challenge the reasonableness of the charge.
10. Can my request for access to my Personal Information be denied?
Boshart may deny access to Personal Information when:
denial of access is required or authorized by law (e.g. when a record containing Personal Information is subject to a claim of privilege);
information relates to existing or anticipated legal case;
when granting you access would have an unreasonable impact on another person's privacy;
when to do so would prejudice negotiations with you;
to protect our rights and property;
If Boshart denies your request for access to, or refuses to correct Personal Information, we shall provide reasons.
11. Is Personal Information collected on our Web site?
A visitor to our Web site (www.boshart.com) is not required to reveal any individually identifiable information, nor is such information collected by electronic means.
On our Web site, like most other commercial Web sites, we may monitor traffic patterns, site usage and related site information in order to optimize our Web service. We may provide aggregated information to third parties, but these statistics do not include any identifiable Personal Information.
Our Web site contains links to other sites, which are not governed by this Privacy Policy.
12. Changes to this Privacy Policy
Boshart regularly reviews all of its policies and procedures, and we reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy from time to time. In the event of any change to our Privacy Policy, the amended version will be posted on our Web site. Policy changes will apply to the Personal Information collected from the date of posting and will not be applied to existing Personal Information maintained by Boshart without the consent of the person concerned.
13. Who do I contact if I have more questions?
Boshart is pleased to answer any further questions you may have concerning the privacy of your personal information. If you have any questions, please contact our Privacy Officer:
Arnie Gaunt, CMA
Controller
Boshart Industries Inc.
PO Box 310
25 Whaley Avenue
Milverton, Ontario, Canada
N0K 1M0
Tel: (519)595-4444
Fax: (519)595-4380
Accessibility Standard for Customer Service Policy:
Providing Goods and Services to persons with disabilities
1. Our mission
The mission of Boshart Industries Inc is to:
"To pursue sustainable growth as an integral part of the supply chain by fostering a culture of continuous improvement, predicated on service and quality, in order to exceed the expectations of employees, customers and suppliers."
2. Our commitment
In fulfilling our mission, Boshart Industries Inc strives at all times to provide its goods and services in a way that respects the dignity and independence of persons with disabilities. We are also committed to giving persons with disabilities the same opportunity to access our goods and services and allowing them to benefit from the same services, in the same place and in a similar way as other customers.
3. Providing goods and services to Persons with disabilities
Boshart Industries Inc is committed to excellence in serving all customers including persons with disabilities and we will carry out our functions and responsibilities in the following areas:
3.1 Communication
We will communicate with persons with disabilities in ways that take into account their disability.
We will train staff who communicate with customers on how to interact and communicate with people with various types of disabilities.
3.2 Telephone services
We are committed to providing fully accessible telephone service to our customers. We will train staff to communicate with customers over the telephone in clear and plain language and to speak clearly and slowly.
We will offer to communicate with customers by fax, email, EDI orders if telephone communication is not suitable to their communication needs or is not available.
3.3 Billing
We are committed to providing accessible invoices to all of our customers. For this reason, invoices will be provided in the following formats upon request: hard copy, large print, e-mail, and fax.
We will answer any questions customers may have about the content of the invoice in person, by telephone or e-mail or fax.
4. Use of service animals and support persons
We are committed to welcoming persons with disabilities who are accompanied by a service animal on the parts of our premises that are open to the public and other third parties. We will also ensure that all staff, volunteers and others dealing with the public are properly trained in how to interact with Persons with disabilities who are accompanied by a service animal.
We are committed to welcoming persons with disabilities who are accompanied by a support person. Any person with a disability who is accompanied by a support person will be allowed to enter Boshart Industries Inc premises with his or her support person. At no time will a person with a disability who is accompanied by a support person be prevented from having access to his or her support person while on our premises.
5. Notice of temporary disruption
Boshart Industries Inc will provide customers with notice in the event of a planned or unexpected disruption in the facilities or services usually used by persons with disabilities. This notice will include information about the reason for the disruption, its anticipated duration, and a description of alternative facilities or services, if available.
The notice will be placed at all main entrances on our premises.
6. Training for staff
Boshart Industries Inc will provide training to all employees, volunteers and others who deal with the public or other third parties on their behalf, and all those who are involved in the development and approvals of customer service policies, practices and procedures
Training will include the following:
The purposes of the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005 and the requirements of the customer service standard
How to interact and communicate with people with various types of disabilities
How to interact with persons with disabilities who use an assistive device or require the assistance of a service animal or a support person
What to do if a person with a disability is having difficulty in accessing Boshart Industries Inc goods and services
Boshart Industries Inc policies, practices and procedures relating to the customer service standard.
All staff will be trained on policies, practices and procedures that affect the way goods and services are provided to persons with disabilities. Staff will also be trained on an ongoing basis when changes are made to these policies, practices and procedures.
7. Feedback process
The ultimate goal of Boshart Industries Inc is to meet and surpass customer expectations while serving customers with disabilities. Comments on our services regarding how well those expectations are being met are welcome and appreciated.
Feedback regarding the way Boshart Industries Inc provides goods and services to persons with disabilities can be made by e-mail, or fax. All feedback will be directed to Human Resources. Customers can expect to hear back in 3 working days.
8. Modifications to this or other policies
We are committed to developing customer service policies that respect and promote the dignity and independence of persons with disabilities. Therefore, no changes will be made to this policy before considering the impact on persons with disabilities.
Any policy of Boshart Industries Inc. that does not respect and promote the dignity and independence of persons with disabilities will be modified or removed.
9. Questions about this policy
This policy exists to achieve service excellence to customers with disabilities. If anyone has a question about the policy, or if the purpose of a policy is not understood, an explanation should be provided by Boshart Industries Inc.
Please select your List Price Currency:
CANADA
USA
Seeing this page multiple times? Click Here
English
French
Login - My Account
Username:
Password:
Forgot Username/Password?
Close