http://www.pcipr.com/privacy-policy
Home
What We Do
Results
About
Blog
Contact
312-558-1770
Public Communications Inc. Privacy StatementPublic Communications Inc. ("PCI", “Us”, or “We”) provides this website for use by its clients and visitors. PCI understands that you value your personal privacy, and accordingly provides this Privacy Policy to ensure that you understand our practices and procedures including what personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information we may collect and/or share with third parties, how we collect and use that information, and how you may control your personally identifiable information.By using this website you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Any dispute that may arise over privacy will be subject to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies only to this website located at pcipr.com, and not to any other website or service. Personally Identifiable Information - Collection and Use by PCIPCI may collect, store, and share personally identifiable information about you that you voluntarily submit to us. Personally identifiable information may include your name, email address, phone number, physical address, company name, job title and other similar information that may specifically identify you. This includes any information submitted to us through our “Let’s Talk” page, or any other forms used to contact us, download information, otherwise subscribe to our services, etc. We may also collect general, internet-user information that uniquely identifies the user, such as your IP address or other information that identifies the computer, mobile device, tablet, or other device you use to access this website.PCI does not rent, sell, or share personally identifiable information with non-affiliated companies or individuals except to provide products or services you have requested, when we have your permission or authorization, or under the following circumstances: We may provide information to trusted companies or individuals who work on behalf of or with PCI under confidentiality and/or business engagement agreements. These companies and individuals may use your personal information to help PCI achieve its business goals, communicate with you, ensure this website remains functional and operational, etc.We also may access and/or disclose any information, including personally identifiable information, as required by courts, administrative agencies, or otherwise required by law, and to the extent necessary to permit us to investigate suspected fraud, harassment, or other violations of any law, rule, or regulation, the rules or policies of this website, the rights of third parties, or to investigate any suspected conduct which PCI deems improper.Finally, we may transfer any information, including personally identifiable information, to our successors in business and/or purchasers of website assets. Controlling Use of Personally Identifiable InformationYou may always request that we notshare your personally identifiable information with third parties, notuse your personally identifiable information to provide you with information or offers, or notsend you newsletters, emails, or other communications. You may also request that we delete, change, or modify your personally identifiable information in or from our system. To make any such requests, please senda communication marked "Privacy – Personally Identifiable Information" to lets_talk@pcipr.com.PCI is not responsible for removing information, including personally identifiable information, from third party systems, lists, databases, etc., of any kind, if that information has already been shared with such third parties as permitted by this Privacy Policy.Please be aware that, even though we may have removed your information from our system, we may keep any information submitted or collected by us for business reasons, such as archiving data.Finally, in accordance with our routine business practice and record keeping, we may delete certain records that contain personally identifiable information you have submitted to us. We are under no obligation to store such personally identifiable information indefinitely and disclaim any liability arising out of, or related to, the destruction of such personally identifiable information. In addition, you should be aware that it is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information from our system without some residual data remaining because of archiving, backups, and/or other business reasons. Agreement to Share Personally Identifiable Information with Third PartiesWhile using this website, you may choose to receive information such as marketing, advertising, or promotional offers, or you may otherwise consent to us sharing your information with a third party. If you agree to share your personally identifiable information with a third party, your personally identifiable information will be disclosed to the third party and the personally identifiable information you provide will be subject to the privacy policy and business practices of that third party. Protection of ChildrenThis website is not intended for users under the age of 13, and we have no intention of collecting, and do not knowingly collect, personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. Persons under the age of 18 who access this website should consult with their parent or guardian about the use of this website. If a parent or guardian discovers that a child has provided PCI with personally identifiable information, that child's parent or guardian should contact us immediately at lets_talk@pcipr.com with a request marked "Privacy – Underage Use of Website" if you wish for us to delete any information submitted by the child from our system. PCI will use reasonable efforts to delete this personally identifiable information. Non-Personally Identifiable Information – Collection and Use by PCIPCI may also collect and store non-personally identifiable information from its website users, which includes aggregate or anonymous information about user contact with and use of this website, through the use of cookies, pixel tags, clear gifs, etc. Examples of this type of non-personally identifiable information include which internet browser is being used to access this website, the type of computer operating and/or mobile application system or software and peripherals users are utilizing, whether and how users search for, find, or link to this website, time spent on and navigation of this website, etc. Non-Personally identifiable information may also include personally identifiable information that has been aggregated so that no one individual is specifically identifiable. For example, how many users in a particular state visit this website on a particular day.Note, if you have disabled cookies or refuse to accept cookies, some features of this website may not be accessible. Security and Unauthorized AccessWe take reasonable steps to ensure the security of all of your information. PCI has procedures in place to help safeguard and secure the information we collect to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data integrity and accuracy, and confirm the proper use of information. Nevertheless, due to the inherent risk involved in the use of the internet, we cannot guarantee or provide any assurances that unauthorized access by third parties, such as hackers, to information exchanged or stored in our system, including this website, servers, etc., will not occur. By using this website you agree to the assumption of that risk.Furthermore, while our goal is to make access and use of this website safe and secure, we cannot and do not represent, guarantee, or warrant that this website is or will be free of viruses or other harmful components, nor can we represent, guarantee, or warrant absolute security for information within this website, our system, and related data storage. You should always use commercially recognized software to detect and disinfect viruses and other harmful components from any download. By using this website you agree that PCI shall not be responsible for unauthorized access to or use of such information by hackers or others who have obtained access through illegal, unauthorized, or unintended means. JurisdictionPCI operates this website in the United States and in accordance with the laws, rules, and regulations of the United States. PCI makes no representation that this website is governed by or operated in accordance with the laws of any other nation. You acknowledge and permit that information we collect may be transferred to and processed in the United States if you are accessing this website outside of the United States. By using this website, including providing PCI with any information, you (a) acknowledge that this website is subject to the laws, rules, and regulations of the United States, (b) consent to the collection, processing, maintenance, and transfer of such information in and to the United States and other applicable territories in which the privacy laws, rules, and regulations may not be as comprehensive as or equivalent to those in the country where you reside, are a citizen, and/or are accessing this website from and (c) waive any claims that may arise under those laws, rules, or regulations. Links to Third Party WebsitesThis website may contain links to websites maintained by third parties. Again, PCI is not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties. You should consult the privacy policies of those third parties regarding their use of your personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information. Consent to Updated Privacy PoliciesPlease note, we may change information on this website and/or this Privacy Policy, at any time without notice to you, and any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy on this website. Contact UsIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or your dealings with Public Communications Inc., including use of this website, you can contact us at lets_talk@pcipr.com. If you wish to contact us by mail, our address is:Public Communications Inc.1 E Wacker DrFL 24Chicago, IL 60601 Effective DateThis Privacy Policy was last updated on May 19, 2017.
Want to learn more?Let’s talk.
Call 312-558-1770
Lets_talk@pcipr.com
Join our team