http://www.rubberduckdesign.com/terms-of-use
Terms of Use
Introduction and Acceptance of Terms of Use.
Rubber Duck Design offers you a wide range of content, communication tools, forums, and information about its products and services ("Materials")
via this web site. By using this web site, you are agreeing to accept and comply with the terms and conditions of use as stated below ("Terms
of Use"), which Rubber Duck Design may update at any time without notice. You should visit this page periodically to review the then-current
Terms of Use. Please note that Rubber Duck Design may, at its sole discretion, terminate your access to this web site at any time without notice.
Limited Right to Use.
This web site is owned and operated by Rubber Duck Design. Unless otherwise specified, all Materials on this web site are the property of Rubber
Duck Design and are protected by the copyright laws of the United States and, throughout the world by the applicable copyright laws. You may,
view, print and/or download one copy of the Materials from this web site on any single computer solely for your personal, informational, non-commercial
use, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. No Materials published by Rubber Duck Design on this web site, in
whole or in part, may be copied, reproduced, modified, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any form or by any means
without prior written permission from Rubber Duck Design. The use of any such Materials on any other web site or networked computer environment
or for any other purpose is strictly prohibited and such unauthorized use may violate copyright, trademark and other similar laws.
Communications.
Except for any disclosure by you for technical support purposes, or as specified in our Privacy Statement, all communications from you to this
web site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You agree that any and all comments, information, feedback and ideas
regarding our company, products or services that you communicate to Rubber Duck Design ("Feedback") will be deemed, at the time of communication
to Rubber Duck Design, the property of Rubber Duck Design, and Rubber Duck Design shall be entitled to full rights of ownership, including
without limitation, unrestricted right to use or disclose such Feedback in any form, medium or technology now known or later developed,
and for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without compensation to you. You are solely responsible for the content of your communications
and their legality under all laws and regulations. You agree not to use this web site to distribute, link to or solicit content that is
defamatory, harassing, unlawful, libellous, harmful to minors, threatening, obscene, false, misleading, or infringing a third party intellectual
or privacy rights.
Access to Password Protected or Secured Areas.
Access to and use of password protected or secured areas of this web site is restricted to authorized users only. You will be asked to provide
accurate and current information on all registration forms on this web site. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality
of any username and password that you choose or is chosen by your web administrator on your behalf, to access this web site as well as
any activity that occur under your username/password. You will not misuse or share your username or password, misrepresent your identity
or your affiliation with an entity, impersonate any person or entity, or misstate the origin of any Materials you are exposed to through
this web site.
Monitoring.
Although Rubber Duck Design is not obligated to do so, it will have the right to review your communications on this web site to determine whether
you comply with our Terms of Use. Rubber Duck Design will not have any liability or responsibility for the content of any communications
you post to this web site, or for any errors or violations of any laws or regulations by you. Rubber Duck Design will comply with any court
order in disclosing the identity of any person posting communications on this web site. It is advisable that you review our Privacy Policy
before posting any such communications. Please note that when you conduct transactions with other companies providing content via this
web site, you will also be subject to their privacy policies.
Links to Other Sites.
The linked sites are not under the control of Rubber Duck Design and Rubber Duck Design is not responsible for the content of any linked site
or any link contained in a linked site. Rubber Duck Design reserves the right to terminate any link at any time. Rubber Duck Design may
provide links from this web site to other sites as a convenience to you and in no way should this be interpreted as an endorsement of any
company, content or products to which it links. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this web site, you do this
entirely at your own risk. Rubber Duck Design DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, TO ANY SUCH LINKED SITES, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY TERMS AS TO THE ACCURACY, OWNERSHIP, VALIDITY OR LEGALITY OF ANY CONTENT OF A LINKED SITE.
Trademarks.
The trademarks, service marks and logos of Rubber Duck Design and others used in this web site ("Trademarks") are the property of Rubber Duck
Design and their respective owners. You have no right to use any such Trademarks, and nothing contained in this web site or the Terms of
Use grants any right to use (by implication, waiver, estoppel or otherwise) any Trademarks without the prior written permission of Rubber
Duck Design or the respective owner.
Indemnity.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Rubber Duck Design harmless from and against any and all third party claims, liabilities, damages,
losses or expenses (including reasonable attorney's fees and costs) arising out of, based on or in connection with your access and/or use
of this web site.
Limitation of Liability.
IN NO EVENT SHALL Rubber Duck Design OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS PROFITS OR REVENUES, COSTS OF REPLACEMENT GOODS, LOSS OR DAMAGE TO DATA ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO
USE THIS WEB SITE OR ANY LINKED SITE, DAMAGES RESULTING FROM USE OF OR RELIANCE ON THE INFORMATION OR MATERIALS PRESENTED ON THIS WEB SITE,
WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY EVEN IF Rubber Duck Design OR ITS SUPPLIERS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Disclaimer.
Rubber Duck Design assumes no responsibility for accuracy, correctness, timeliness, or content of the Materials provided on this web site.
You should not assume that the Materials on this web site are continuously updated or otherwise contain current information. Rubber Duck
Design is not responsible for supplying content or materials from the web site that have expired or have been removed. THE MATERIALS PROVIDED
AT THIS WEB SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY WARRANTY (EXPRESS OR IMPLIED), CONDITION OR OTHER TERM OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION,
ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR TITLE IS HEREBY EXCLUDED.
Applicable Laws.
These Terms of Use are governed by the law in force in the United States of American and the parties irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive
jurisdiction of the courts of the United States of America and courts of appeal from them for determining any dispute concerning the Terms
of Use.
General.
If you have any questions regarding the Terms of Use, please contact Rubber Duck Design via our Contact page.
What Our Clients Say
The labels just arrived and I must tell you that they are the most gorgeous foil labels I have ever seen!! So thick and beautiful. They really make my
gold boxes shout out that something really good is inside!
—Bob Tullock, Rose City Chocolatier
Oh my goodness!! Everything is FANTASTIC!!! I can't even begin to tell you how pleased I am with them! My wedding invitations and favors are going to
be so much more special because of them!! Thanks so much!
—Diane Vellon - New York
They basically brought a tear to my eye they're so nice...thank you!
—George Cela, Metro Plex Wood - Texas
The stamp you designed is AWESOME!! I haven't found another company as easy to work with and as quick as Rubber Duck Design.
—Kelly Hirst, A.K.T Collectibles LLC
I received my order on Wednesday and I must tell you that I was actually stunned when I opened the box.
The seals are absolutely beautiful!
I really wasn't expecting this level of quality in a non-embossed product but these little gold seals are individual works of art.
—Ken Lewis, Krill Publishing, LLC
You are a great bunch of people - Thanks so much for all you do for us - We could never grow without you behind us all the way!
—Maryanne Newman, Transcription Connection, Inc
You guys are the best thing since sliced bread.
—Mr. B, Big Buffalo's Hide - Connectcut
You have the absolute best customer service of any printer that I have ever done business with!
—Paul, Four Seasons Films
I received the order in the mail today…One word – PERFECT! Thanks so much
—Phillip, Covenant Faith Christian Center
This is my third time ordering from Rubber Duck, I find myself more pleased each time your product arrives.
—Stephen Gerard Little, Hire Standards Pool Construction