https://www.pelco.com/about/legal/regulatory-notices/
Skip to content
Home
Pelco
| About | Legal | Regulatory Notices
Regulatory Notices
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions: (1) this device may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept any interference received, in-cluding interference that may cause undesired operation.
Radio and Television Interference
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits of a Class A digital device, pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful inter-ference when the equipment is operated in a commercial environment. This equipment generates, uses, and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instruction manual, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. Operation of this equipment in a residential area is likely to cause harmful interference in which case the user will be required to correct the interference at his own expense.
Changes and modifications not expressly approved by the manufacturer or registrant of this equipment can void your authority to operate this equipment under Federal Communications Commission’s rules.
CAN ICES-3 (A)/NMB-3(A)
Regulatory Notices
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions: (1) this device may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept any interference received, in-cluding interference that may cause undesired operation.
Radio and Television Interference
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits of a Class B digital device, pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful inter-ference in a residential installation. This equipment generates, uses, and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. However there is no guarantee that the interference will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following measures:
Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
Increase the separation between the equipment and the receiver.
Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connect-ed.
Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.
You may also find helpful the following booklet, prepared by the FCC: “How to Identify and Resolve Radio-TV Interference Problems.” This booklet is available from the U.S. Government Printing Office, Washington D.C. 20402.
Changes and modifications not expressly approved by the manufacturer or registrant of this equipment can void your authority to operate this equipment under Federal Communications Commission’s rules.
This Class B digital apparatus complies with Canadian ICES-003.
Cet appareil numérique de la classe B est conforme à la norme NMB-003 du Canada.
Warranty Statement
For information about Pelco’s product warranty and thereto related information, refer to www.pelco.com/warranty.
Legal Notice
SOME PELCO EQUIPMENT CONTAINS, AND THE SOFTWARE ENABLES, AUDIO/VISUAL AND RE-CORDING CAPABILITIES, THE IMPROPER USE OF WHICH MAY SUBJECT YOU TO CIVIL AND CRIMI-NAL PENALTIES. APPLICABLE LAWS REGARDING THE USE OF SUCH CAPABILITIES VARY BETWEEN JURISDICTIONS AND MAY REQUIRE, AMONG OTHER THINGS, EXPRESS WRITTEN CONSENT FROM RECORDED SUBJECTS. YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR INSURING STRICT COMPLIANCE WITH SUCH LAWS AND FOR STRICT ADHERENCE TO ANY/ALL RIGHTS OF PRIVACY AND PERSON-ALTY. USE OF THIS EQUIPMENT AND/OR SOFTWARE FOR ILLEGAL SURVEILLANCE OR MONITOR-ING SHALL BE DEEMED UNAUTHORIZED USE IN VIOLATION OF THE END USER SOFTWARE AGREEMENT AND RESULT IN THE IMMEDIATE TERMINATION OF YOUR LICENSE RIGHTS THERE-UNDER.
Audio Notice
NOTE: Improper use of audio/visual recording equipment may subject you to civil and criminal penalties. Ap-plicable laws regarding the use of such capabilities vary between jurisdictions and may require, among other things, express written consent from the recorded subjects. You are solely responsible for insuring strict com-pliance with such laws and for strict adherence to any/all rights of privacy and personalty.
Video Quality Caution
Frame Rate Notice Regarding User Selected Options
Pelco systems are capable of providing high quality video for both live viewing and playback. However, the systems can be used in lower quality modes, which can degrade picture quality, to allow for a slower rate of
data transfer and to reduce the amount of video data stored. The picture quality can be degraded by either lowering the resolution, reducing the picture rate, or both. A picture degraded by having a reduced resolution may result in an image that is less clear or even indiscernible. A picture degraded by reducing the picture rate has fewer frames per second, which can result in images that appear to jump or move more quickly than normal during playback. Lower frame rates may result in a key event not being recorded by the system. Judgment as to the suitability of the products for users' purposes is solely the users' responsibility. Users shall determine the suitability of the products for their own intended application, picture rate and picture quality. In the event users intend to use the video for evidentiary purposes in a judicial proceeding or otherwise, users should consult with their attorney regarding any particular requirements for such use.
Open Source Software
This product includes certain open source or other software originated from third parties that is subject to the GNU General Public License (GPL), GNU Library/Lesser General Public License (LGPL) and different and/or additional copyright licenses, disclaimers, and notices. The exact terms of GPL, LGPL, and some other li-censes are provided to you with this product. Please refer to the exact terms of the GPL and LGPL at http://www.fsf.org (Free Software Foundation) or http://www.opensource.org (Open Source Initiative) regard-ing your rights under said license. You may obtain a complete corresponding machine-readable copy of the source code of such software under the GPL or LGPL by sending your request to digitalsupport@pelco.com; the subject line should read Source Code Request. You will then receive an email with a link for you to down-load the source code. This offer is valid for a period of three (3) years from the date of the distribution of this product by Pelco.
CCC Power Cord Statement
Models shipped to China do not include power cords.
NOTE: A CCC approved power cord must be used to power the equipment when used in China.
KCC Certification
The Korean Class A statement applies to business/commercial product use. This notice indicates that the equipment has acquired electromagnetic conformity registration, so sellers and users are required to use cau-tion.
The Korean Class B statement applies to residential product use. This notice indicates that the equipment has acquired electromagnetic conformity registration, so it can be used in both residential and other areas.
Korean Class A EMC
Korean Class B EMC
2.4 GHZ Radio Device
ESD Warning
WARNING: This product is sensitive to Electrostatic Discharge (ESD). To avoid ESD damage to this product, use ESD safe practices during installation. Before touching, ad-justing or handling this product, correctly attach an ESD wrist strap to your wrist and ap-propriately discharge your body and tools. For more information about ESD control and safe handling practices of electronics, please refer to ANSI/ESD S20.20-1999 or contact the Electrostatic Discharge Association (www.esda.org).
Documents
Documents & Related Resources
Specification Sheets:
English
A&E Spec Sheets:
English
Installation Manual:
English Spanish German Chinese Italian Portuguese Arabic Russian Korean French Turkish
Operations Manual:
English
Models / SKU #
Models / SKU #
IBD129-1 1 MPx  Rugged Corner Mount Camera, IR, 12 VDC/24 VAC, PoE
IBD329-1 3 MPx  Rugged Corner Mount Camera, IR, 12 VDC/24 VAC, PoE
Privacy Policy
Pelco is committed to protect your privacy and your personal information.
EULA
Pelco Camera Firmware End User License Agreement.
Regulatory Notices
For the latest on any regulatory notices, please visit this page.
Warranty Terms
View Pelco's Product Warranty Terms and Conditions
Products
VideoXpert Enterprise
VideoXpert Professional
VideoXpert Plates
Cameras
Accessories
Special Modification Requests
Legacy
Endura
Digital Sentry
Solutions
Industries
Capabilities
Technologies
Professional Services
Field Services
Remote Services
Advanced Phone Support
Training Services
VxCare Packages
Training & Support
Return Merchandise Authorization
Quality
Partners
Global Distribution Partners
Technology Partner Program – Partner First
Resources
Pelco Blog
Case Studies
Legal
End User License Agreement – Camera Firmware EULA
Preference Center
Regulatory Notices
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Pelco Corporations625 W. Alluvial,
Fresno, CA 93711
View Map
+1 (559) 292-1981
TOLL FREE +1 (800) 289-9100
Follow Us
By clicking “Accept All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Read More About our Privacy Policy and Data Protection Measures
Accept AllNot TodayPrivacy Policy