http://www.brendazaro.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
BRENDA ZARO CLUB
If you want, we could send you news from time to time by email.
In your first order, use the code WELCOME10 to get an special 10% discount. (less discounted shoes)
Subscribe
PumpsBoots and Ankle BootsTransparentsBallet PumpsXtra WideSpecial Sizes
Account
+34 965 39 00 90
shop@wypechy.com
Cart
Your cart is empty
FREE SHIPPING AND RETURNS FOR EUROPE - LOVE IT OR LEAVE IT
Wypechy S.L. is committed to respecting the privacy of the user. With full knowledge of how important our use of your personal information is to you, as well as how it is shared. All your personal data will be treated in accordance with the obligations and guarantees established in Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of April 27, 2016 on the protection of natural persons with respect to the treatment of personal data and the free circulation of these, in its development regulations and with the commitment to the principles of transparency, limitation of purpose, minimization of data, accuracy, integrity and confidentiality. This PRIVACY POLICY will help you and describe how we collect, process and manage all the information you provide and / or provide to us so that you have full knowledge and understanding of it.
It applies to this website as well as to all subsidiaries owned by Wypechy S.L.. You can browse most of the content of the web without providing any personal information, but in some sections and cases the necessary data will be collected to provide you with the required information, service or contact.
If any description or section of this content is not understandable by you or if you have any doubts about it, please contact us so that we can provide you with more information about them and resolve any questions you may consider.
Responsible for Personal Information
Owner: WYPECHY s.l.
CIF: B53588992
Registered office: Calle Italia, Parcela 88, Elda, 03600 Alicante.
Registry data: Registro Mercantil de Alicante, Tomo 2462 Folio 92 Sección 8 Hoja A-66156 Iscripción 1ª
Phone: 965 390 090
Email: info@wypechy.com
What data do we process and / or collect and what do we process it for? We process personal information to offer our services and / or products, and carry out commercial prospecting communications, as well as for the maintenance of commercial, supplier and staff relationships.
This personal information is provided by the client for contacting, order processing, receiving advertising regarding news, events and promotions from Wypechy S.L., and order management, among others. Likewise, the provision of the service can also generate more information automatically and / or from other sources. Each of the data requested is differentiated by a title and a section. The data varies according to its purpose, for example, if you make an inquiry, you will give us your contact details, as well as the description of some facts.
The purposes that are summarized are:
1. Purposes of a contractual nature to contract, maintain and follow the fulfillment of the contracts of the products and services that it has with Wypechy S.L.
2. Purposes that require your consent: Request your consent to process your personal information for a specific purpose, in which case you will be notified in advance to give your express consent, and may revoke it at any time.
3. Purposes based on the legitimate interest of Wypechy S.L.: - Develop commercial actions in general, and in particular, offer and / or recommend products and services from Wypechy S.L., that may be of interest to you, taking into account those that you have contracted in the past. - Treat and / or communicate your data to third parties, if necessary for the development and fulfillment of the provision of the contracted service. In this case, the transfer will only affect a limited number of purely identifying data that Wypechy S.L. it has on his person, specifically, those strictly necessary for the conclusion of the contract. The aim is to simplify and speed up contracting through Wypechy S.L. of the products that it sells from third-party companies, taking into account their condition as a client of Wypechy S.L.
In short, we treat the customer and / or user data for the provision of the service that it has selected, as well as the purposes that it allows or authorizes in the terms informed in the privacy policy. Together, the data collected may be expanded through quality surveys, opinion polls or any other means prior communication and information on the object. Wypechy S.L.
for the management and contracting of the provision of the service, guaranteeing that it is empowered and that it has the consent of the owner of the data. Wypechy S.L. is not responsible or liable for the data or its use in relation to false, inaccurate, incomplete or erroneous data on the part of the Client.The data will be governed by the purpose for which it is transferred, this being treated within your reasonable expectations based on the relationship you have as a client of Wypechy S.L. All with the sole intention of providing a quality service, care and effective and valid communication.
Information retention time.
We keep your personal information so that you can use the Services of Wypechy S.L. continuously and for the time necessary to fulfill the purposes for which they were collected.
They will be maintained to allow the identification of the interested parties when they so require.
In general and unless otherwise requested, the data will be kept for the duration of the contractual relationship and for the time necessary in application of the Civil Code and tax and accounting regulations.
Likewise, personal data will be kept when they are no longer necessary for the purpose for which they were collected, remaining exclusively at the disposal of Judges and Courts, the Prosecutor's Office or the competent Public Administrations, in particular the data protection authorities, for the attention of possible responsibilities arising from the treatment, during the prescription period of these. Once the aforementioned deadline has been met, Wypechy S.L. will proceed to the deletion of your data.
Exercise of your rights. Wypechy S.L. informs you that you have the following rights:
Access. It allows the owner of the data to obtain information about whether in Wypechy S.L. We are treating personal data that concerns you or not and, in this case, the right to obtain information about your personal data subject to treatment.
Rectification. It allows correcting errors and modifying the data that turns out to be inaccurate or incomplete.
Suppression. It allows the data to be deleted and stop being processed by Wypechy S.L., unless there is a legal obligation to keep it and / or other legitimate reasons for its treatment by Wypechy S.L. do not prevail. For example, when personal data is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected, the client may request that we delete that data without undue delay.
Limitation. Under the legally established conditions, it allows the data processing to be paralyzed, in such a way that it is avoided by Wypechy S.L. their treatment in the future, which will only keep them for the exercise or defense of claims.
Opposition. In certain circumstances and for reasons related to their particular situation, the interested parties may object to the processing of their data. Wypechy S.L. will stop processing the data, except for compelling legitimate reasons, or the exercise or defense of possible claims.
Portability. It allows the interested party to receive their personal data and be able to transmit them directly to another person in charge in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. To exercise this right, the client will need to provide a valid email.
Wypechy S.L. guarantees the adoption of the necessary measures to ensure the exercise of these rights free of charge, being necessary for such exercise that a copy of your official identification document be attached. For the exercise of any of the aforementioned rights directing you may:
a) Address a postal letter, indicating in the request what right it exercises to: Wypechy S.L., Calle Italia, Parcela 88, Elda, 03600 Alicante.
b) Writing an email, providing the same information set forth in the previous section, to: shop@wypechy.com c) Calling the phone 965 390 090 Lastly, the client will have the right to file a claim with the national control authority, for these purposes they must contact the Spanish Agency for Data Protection (C / Jorge Juan, 6 - 28001 Madrid / Telephone: 901 100 099/91 266 35 17)
Information that can be shared and with whom. We will only exchange personal data with third-party recipients for any of the aforementioned purposes in this privacy policy, with those legally authorized, with those authorized to maintain the contractual relationship and with those who may legally require it based on compliance with applicable regulations. such as Public Administrations, Government Entities and / or Courts and Tribunals.
International data transfers. Wypechy S.L. informs that it will only make these transfers when necessary through authorized providers through the data processor contracts in compliance with the current legislation for the provision of service and / or data hosting, as well as for compliance with the contractual obligations that bind us to the client.
Security and confidentiality of data. We apply the necessary measures for the proper treatment of the data, as well as its custody and custody, with the implementation of technical and security means to prevent its loss, misuse or access without authorization or by unauthorized personnel.We are concerned with ensuring the security, secrecy and confidentiality of your data, communications and personal information.
Changes in the privacy policy. Our activities constantly evolve and our Privacy Notice will also. We recommend that you visit our website frequently to check the latest changes. Unless otherwise indicated, our current Privacy Policy and Notice will be applicable to all personal information that we process concerning you and your account.