https://www.cfainstitute.org/en/programs/cipm/policies
We’re using cookies, but you can turn them off in Privacy Settings. If you use the site without changing settings, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Learn more in our Privacy Policy.
Privacy Settings
×
For the latest information on upcoming exams, please visit our CFA Exam Updates page.
Visit CFA Exam Updates page
Skip to Content
CFA Institute
CFA Institute Programs
CIPM Program
Policies and Procedures
Policies and Procedures
Our policies and procedures protect the integrity of the CIPM® Program, ensuring the exam process is fair for all candidates. It is your responsibility to read and understand all policies set forth by CFA Institute.
You will also want to review the latest Prometric COVID updates.
Privacy Settings
Functional cookies, which are necessary for basic site functionality like keeping you logged in, are always enabled.
Allow analytics tracking. Analytics help us understand how the site is used, and which pages are the most popular. Read the Privacy Policy to learn how this information is used.
Save Settings
Close Modal
Access the Most Requested Policies and Procedures
Code of Ethics and Standards of Professional Conduct
When you enroll in the CIPM Program, you commit to our Code and Standards.
Candidate Agreement
As part of the enrollment and registration process, candidates agree to abide by the Candidate Agreement.
Refund Policy
Please review the CIPM Refund Policy to determine if you may qualify for a refund.
Exam Appointment Policy
Review the rules for scheduling your exam with Prometric.
Calculator Policy
Learn which calculators are authorized for use during the CIPM exam.
The Complete List of CIPM Program Policies and Procedures
CIPM Admission Policy
Read the Admission Policy regarding late arrival for the CIPM exam.
CIPM Calculator Policy
The Calculator Policy states that only two models of business calculator are authorized for use during the CFA and CIPM exams. Read the policy to find out more about which calculators are authorized.
CIPM Exam Appointment Policy
You are responsible for scheduling your exam appointment with Prometric at least 9 days before your exam window closes.
CIPM Exam Record Policy
CIPM Exam Record Policy states that exam scores and responses to exam questions are part of a candidate's exam record. This information is owned by CFA Institute.
CIPM No Cheating Policy
Cheating is not permitted on the CIPM exam.
CIPM No Disclosure Policy
Read the rules regarding the confidentiality of the CIPM exam.
CIPM No Misconduct Policy
Rules about misconduct regarding the CIPM exam.
CIPM No Misuse Policy
Rules regarding the misuse of the CIPM exam.
CIPM Payment Methods
Acceptable payment methods.
CIPM Personal Belongings Policy
The CIPM Personal Belongings Policy lists the items that may be permitted in the testing room and those that may not.
CIPM Program Identification Policy
CFA Institute requires that every CIPM candidate has a valid international travel passport. This policy establishes one global standard we can use to confirm the identity of our candidates. View identification exceptions.
CIPM Refund Policy
Read the Refund Policy for the CIPM exam.
Trademark Usage Guide for CIPM Certificants
Guide for those who have earned the CIPM certificate to use CIPM Marks, symbols of professionalism and integrity that distinguish CIPM certificants. These include CIPM® and Certificate in Investment Performance Measurement™.
Advance Your Career
Earn the CIPM designation to deepen your knowledge and increase your professional value. First time registrants must enroll in the CIPM Program. Click on the link below, create an account, and gain access to everything you need to prepare for the CIPM exam.
Enroll and Register