http://www.wigwam.com/support/security-and-privacy-policy/
My Cart
Close
Free Shipping on Orders of $35 or More (excluding AK & HI)
Due to COVID-19, orders may be delayed. Learn More
Support
Security & Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Returns
Guarantee
Shipping
Product Care
Security & Privacy Policy
Security & Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Returns
Guarantee
Shipping
Product Care
Security & Privacy Policy
Security
The information you provide to the Wigwam.com website is covered by this policy is protected in transit by using a network protocol called Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). SSL is the industry standard technology for secure online transactions. A simple way to know your transmission is protected is by referencing the URL. If it starts with https:// you can be assured that it is using SSL. Transactions are processed only from secure browsers. These browsers encrypt the information sent using SSL, which scrambles the data to make it extremely difficult for anyone who intercepts the information to read it. Wigwam contracts with a regulated credit cart processor with the goal of protecting our customers’ personal and financial information. Transmissions from this vendor are encrypted and sent via dedicated leased private circuits. In addition, the computers housing the data are protected by physical security measures, including more than one level of locked access.
REMINDER: In the event of an unauthorized use of your credit or debit card, you must promptly notify the card issuer pursuant to its reporting rules and procedures.
Safeguarding Information
To minimize the risk of loss and/or additional expenses that could occur from compromised cardholder information, Wigwam.com DOES NOT retain any of the following information electronically:
Credit Card number
Credit Card expiration date number in the magnetic stripe
Security Code (CVV2 number)
Service Code - 3 or 4 digit
The protection of your personal information is important to Wigwam, and as a result, we do not accept payment via email.
Wigwam protects against unauthorized disclosures by limiting access only to those of our employees who need the information to do their jobs.
Information Collection
We collect certain personally identifiable information defined as “information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household”)  when you sign in to the Website; create an account for online shopping; register with Wigwam.com; participate in a contest, promotion or survey; or request other services that require information, registration or subscription. We also keep a record of your product interests and purchases online and automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser (including your IP address, Wigwam.com cookie information and the page you requested).
Information Use
We may use your information according to the Privacy Notice and Terms of Use in effect at the time of use. The provisions contained herein supersede all previous notices or statements regarding our privacy practices with respect to the Website. We may use aggregated data (independent of any personal identifiers) for research and commercial purposes. This information includes what areas our users visit most frequently and what services they access most often. This information helps us develop a better site that is more useful and accessible to you. We may use your personally identifiable information:
To process your payment and facilitate delivery. We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns.
To create and secure your account with us.
To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
To send you newsletters, or to provide information on products or services to you. You can elect not to receive promotional emails from us either by "unsubscribing" to an email you receive or by contacting us as indicated below.
Selling Information
We do not sell your personal information that is collected under this Privacy Notice. To the extent we sell any personal information that falls outside the scope of this Privacy Notice, we will disclose our selling practices in the applicable privacy notices linked below.
Cookies
To enhance your use of the Website and shopping experience , we or our service providers  use cookies (small text files stored in a user’s browser) or Web beacons (electronic images that allow us to count users who have accessed particular content and to access certain cookies) to collect aggregate data. You can find more information about cookies and how they work at here http://www.aboutcookies.org.
Some cookies we use are necessary to enable you to navigate the Website and use features such as registering or creating and logging in your account.  We also use cookies to gather and record information about choices you make on the Website and to allow us to tailor to our visitors.
The cookies we or our service providers may use on our Website include:
Necessary Cookies: These cookies are necessary for the Website to function and cannot be switched off in our system. These cookies are usually only set in response to actions made by you which include a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences or logging into your account.
Analytics Cookies: These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of the Website. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the Website.
Marketing & Retargeting Cookies:  These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
If you prefer not to receive cookies through our Website, you can set your browser to either reject all cookies, to allow only "trusted" websites to set them, or to accept only those cookies from those sites you are currently on. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our Site and use it.
By using this website, you agree that we can place cookies on your computer or device as explained above. However, you can control and manage cookies in various ways. Please note that removing or blocking cookies may limit system performance and may impact your user experience and parts of the Website may no longer be fully accessible.
If you refuse cookies, this may limit system performance and may even cause certain features of the Site to malfunction or not to work at all. You can learn more about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies.
We do not use technology that recognizes a "do-not-track" signal from your web browser.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of California, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request once a calendar year information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by Wigwam.com to a third party for the third party’s direct marketing purposes. Please note that not all information sharing is covered by the “Shine the Light” requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response.  This right granted to California residents applies only to their activities within the State of California. To make such a request, please fill out this form or call us at 1-855-275-0356.
Get the Latest News
Sign up and receive 15% off your first order.
Please enter a valid e-mail address
You have successfully joined our newsletter
By providing your email address, you agree to our Privacy Policy & Terms of Service.