https://www.traderscap.com/privacy-policy
Home (current)
Investment
Investment Plans
How it works
Performance
Brokers Guide
Best Forex Brokers USA
Best Offshore Brokers USA
Best Forex Brokers For Beginners
Best Forex Brokers for Scalping
Best Crypto Forex Broker
View More
Reviews
Fxchoice Review 2020
Hugosway Review 2020
Blog
Tools
Forex Compounding Calculator
Find My Broker
Currency Calculator
Help
Contact Us
FAQ
Login/Register
Privacy Policy
— A Compact Privacy Policy to Protect Our Clients from Threats
Privacy Policy
— A Compact Privacy Policy to Protect Our Clients from Threats
This privacy policy will help you understand how we use and protect the information you provide to us when you visit our website (Traders Cap). Our team protects our clients from any damage caused because of choosing our services and/or using this website. This policy states how we process any personal data collected from our visitors electronically or verbally.
We assure your data is in safe hands and we comply to all standard rules and regulations to shield it.
By visiting www.traderscap.com you are confirming to all the practices described in this policy.
We possess the right to amend this policy at any time without prior notice. However, you will get updates through emails or any medium of your choice.
To stay updated regarding the latest changes, visit our website www.traderscap.com frequently.
Type of Information We May Collect from Our Clients
Type of Information We May Collect from Our Clients
Information, when handled without caution, can damage the reputation of the visitors, account holders, or/and the website i.e. us. This information may fall under “Non-Personal Information” or “Personal Information”.
We collect two main types of information from you:
Terminology Used Throughout Our Website
Terminology Used Throughout Our Website
Throughout this policy, with extension to our website, you will encounter the following terms. The denotation of every term can vary with context. Here we have provided an explanation considering a generic setting.
Information automatically collected by our website about you.
Information entered by you.
Log Data
Log Data
This section of our standard privacy policy informs you that whenever you visit our website, we collect some information. We get this data from your browser and is commonly referred to as Log Data.
When you visit us, we may store the necessary data from your server's session. This Log Data can include your:
IP Address
Email Address and Personal Details
Information or Content
Visitor Behavior i.e. the pages of our site you visit and other interests.
Also, we may collect the information you supply to us. Filling and submitting the sign-up forms, submitting contact inquiry forms count as data that you supply to us.
Note: This also includes any forms available occasionally on our website.
Use of Cookies
Use of Cookies
Cookies are often used as anonymous identifiers and store a small amount of data. Like other forex trading websites, we use cookies to distinguish between our customers. This assists us to provide you with a better experience while navigating through our site.
By agreeing to our privacy policy, you allow us to use cookies. You also agree to let us perform the following activities:
Analyze web traffic
Find the web pages you spend the most time on
Other websites visited by you
After statistical analysis, we traverse the data through our systems into isolation. This protects it from prying eyes and ensures that it remains available to us when required.
Important: Please note that in no way do cookies grant us access or control to your computer. If you wish to disable cookies, you can turn them off within your internet browser.
How we may use/share the collected information
How we may use/share the collected information
We use the information for various purposes categorized on the collection method. For information you supply to us, we provide you with services requested in the form.
With the information collected in the form of cookies we administer and improve our website. It helps us in troubleshooting and analyzing our content. Using this information, we can modify our content and present it to you in a suitable manner for your device.
We also use the collected data for security and debugging purposes to keep our site safe and secure.To track this information, we use sophisticated software such as Google Analytics.
Note: Traders Cap uses the collected information anonymously prohibiting any content that identifies you as an individual.
How we protect personal information
How we protect personal information
Except as stated in this Standard Privacy Policy, we do not take part in any commercial transaction for your personal information. Selling, trading, renting, or sharing information for advertisements is against our ethics and rules of conduct. No employee of Traders Cap will engage in any such transactions.
Rights constituted for you
Rights constituted for you
As a citizen, you have the right to ensure that we legitimately process your data. There is a law that binds us to do so–the Subject Access Right. You can exercise your subject access right by filing a request to authorities. We will provide you with the requested personal data but may require additional information. For any complaint, you can contact us or appeal to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO).
We value our client’s trust and thus use only commercially acceptable terms to utilize their personal information. But we will not be held responsible for the misuse of the data by any third party.
Children’s Privacy
Children’s Privacy
Our services do not address any minor under 18 years of age. We do not encourage or support minors to join the forex trading business. In cases where we collect identifiable information from an individual below the age of 13, we take immediate action.Our experts address this issue by deleting such information from our servers. For parents, guardians or any individual that notices any minor account, bring it to our attention without any delay.
Third-Party Links
Third-Party Links
At times, our site contains links that divert you to other websites. By clicking on these links, you must face the consequences for your data and privacy protection. Those websites are not under the governance of Traders Cap and we do not guarantee to protect your data.
When visiting such websites, make sure you read their privacy policy documentation. Traders Cap is not responsible for any liabilities that occur when you visit these external links.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Traders Cap reserves the right to alter this policy and any terms mentioned within the course. Any significant changes to this policy will be conveyed to our visitors and clients with an email to their address. Also, we will place a prominent notice on our homepage with all the details of the expected modifications. These changes will go into effect within 30 days after we spread the word.
Non-material changes will take effect immediately and may not be accompanied by any formal email.
Contact Us
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, contact us and we will assist you with sincerity.
About Us
Partnership
Advertisement
Privacy
Terms & Condition
Risk Disclaimer: Trading in forex, CFD, indices and commodities involves the possibility of financial loss. It may not be suitable for all investors. Only trade with money you can afford to lose. As a leveraged product losses may exceed initial deposits and loss exposure. Before deciding to trade Forex or any other financial instrument you should carefully consider your investment objectives, level of experience, and risk appetite. The content on this website is subject to change at any time without notice, and must not be construed as personal advice.
Copyright © Traderscap 2020