http://www.dripcentral.com/about/termsofservice.shtml
DRIP Central
Learn to Invest in Stocks on a Shoestring Budget.
» Home
» Ask Doug
» Online Book
» Web Site Directory
» Free Newsletter
» About DRIP Central
Terms of Service
By joining or using DRIP Central, you agree to abide by the terms and conditions below ("Terms of Service"). PLEASE READ THIS DOCUMENT CAREFULLY. These rules and guidelines are intended to protect you and to ensure that DRIP Central is safe and productive for everybody. By agreeing to these terms, you're taking responsibility for your own actions. If you do not agree with these Terms of Service, your use of and access to this site is unauthorized; do not register for membership on DRIP Central.
Persons under the age of thirteen (13) years old are not permitted to register for membership with DRIP Central. By registering, you certify that you are at least thirteen (13) years old. You agree that all information you provide in the registration is accurate. You agree to maintain only one active registration with DRIP Central at all times, and you certify that you currently have no other registration(s) with DRIP Central. We reserve the right to terminate your membership without notice if we learn that you have provided us with false or misleading registration information, interfered with other users or the administration of DRIP Central's services, attempted to assign your membership, are suspected of fraudulent, abusive or illegal activity with regard to DRIP Central, or violated these Terms of Service.
DRIP Central may update these Terms of Service or its sites, at any time and from time to time, at its sole discretion. DRIP Central may modify these Terms of Service at any time, and such modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting of the modified Terms of Service. You agree to review these Terms of Service periodically, and your continued use of this site shall be deemed your acceptance of the modified Terms of Service.
Copyright
All content included on this site, including without limitation, text, graphics, images, animations, computer programs, data, designs, logos and button icons, and the arrangement, collection and assembly of the same, is the property of DRIP Central and its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.
Trademarks
DRIP Central is a trademark of Douglas Gerlach and DRIP Central. No license is granted with respect to any of these trademarks in any manner or for any purpose.
Use of Membership Information
As you navigate through this site, DRIP Central may collect and track personal information, either by asking you to tell us something about yourself or by using data-tracking software which automatically collects and/or tracks information which can include, without limitation, your home server domain name, email address, type of computer and type of web browser that you use, as well as information concerning what pages you access (individually or collectively, "Information"). You may also upload files, input data, post messages or engage in other forms of communication to, with or through DRIP Central or this site.
Information collected by and communications with DRIP Central will be used by DRIP Central for editorial, feedback, marketing, promotional and statistical purposes as well as for product development and site content improvement. You agree that we may disclose to third parties certain aggregate information contained in your registration form or member profile, but that we will not disclose your name, address, email address or any other personally identifying information without your prior authorization, except to third parties providing technical services (such as email and instant messaging), and except as required by law. (For more details, please see our privacy policy.
In order for us to provide high quality services which are responsive to member needs, you consent to DRIP Central's employees' ability to access your membership information, on a case by case basis, to provide customer service, or to investigate complaints or other allegations of abuse. DRIP Central shall not disclose the existence or occurrence of such an investigation unless required by law.
Member Account, Password and Security
You will choose a password during the member registration process. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your member name or password. You agree to immediately notify DRIP Central if you believe that any unauthorized use of your member name or password, or any other breach of security has occurred.
Cookies
Cookies are small bits of information that our site places on the hard drive of your computer to enable us to do a number of things to make your visit and future visits more enjoyable. For example, cookies allow a visitor quickly to log on to a site he/she has used before by storing a password. Cookies are not used to obtain information about a user that was not previously provided in a cookie. The cookie itself does not contain any personally identifiable information about a user, and DRIP Central does not use cookies in order to obtain such information. Cookies are used by most major sites on the Internet. Visitors may receive cookies from third parties, but DRIP Central cannot control the content of these cookies. Users should consult their browser owner's manual for instructions on how to refuse cookies.
Links
DRIP Central provides, and members may include in their communications, links that reference financial sites and information located worldwide throughout the Internet. Because we have no control over such sites and information, we make no guarantees as to their accuracy, currency, content or quality. DRIP Central is not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any content, goods or services available on such external sites or resources
DRIP Central shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any content, goods or services, including without limitation, those available on such external sites or resources.
Content of Communications
You alone are responsible for the content and the consequences of your communications. These communications include message board postings, email messages, chat room communications, instant messages and the content of your personal homepage. DRIP Central reserves the right to terminate your membership immediately and without notice if it becomes aware and determines, in its sole discretion, that you are violating any of the following guidelines.
DRIP Central is to be used by you for your personal use only. Any use by you of our services for any commercial purpose or to obtain a financial gain of any kind is prohibited. You agree that you will not use our services for chain letters, promotional or marketing materials, sales information, junk mail, advertisements, "spamming," solicitations (commercial or non-commercial), or bulk communications of any kind, including but not limited to distribution lists to any person who has not given specific permission to be included in such a list.
You agree not to use our services to send any message or material that provides instructional information about illegal activities, encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, gives rise to civil liability or otherwise violates any applicable local, state, national, international or foreign law or regulation.
You agree to not use our services to send, or post on any place on DRIP Central, any message or material that is unlawful, harassing, libelous, fraudulent, defamatory, abusive, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene, profane, sexually oriented, threatening, racially offensive, inaccurate, or objectionable material of any kind or nature or that otherwise violates DRIP Central's community standards.
You agree to not use our services to send, or post on any place on DRIP Central, any message or material that you are prohibited by law from transmitting (such as third-party copyright or trademark) or that you are prohibited from transmitting by contractual or fiduciary duties (such as materials covered by nondisclosure agreements).
You further agree to not use our services to send, or post on any place on DRIP Central, any message that includes the unauthorized posting of material, nonpublic information about companies, an offer to sell or buy any security, that intentionally violates applicable securities law, including the regulations of governmental agencies including without limitation, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or that intentionally violates the rules of any national or other securities exchange, including, without limitation, the New York Stock Exchange and the NASDAQ.
You agree that if you use our services to send or post any message or material that is prohibited by the Terms of Service or otherwise, then DRIP Central may remove your message and/or terminate you membership.
DRIP Central reserves the right to delete any such material from our site, and will cooperate fully with any law enforcement officials and/or agencies in the investigation of any person or persons who violate these Terms of Service.
Although we reserve the right to remove without notice any message we find objectionable or offensive, we have no obligation to delete or monitor content, including without limitation, content that you may find objectionable or offensive.
Personal Home Pages
Personal homepages are considered member content, and thus are subject to the same guidelines covering all other member content included in this Terms of Service statement. In addition, personal homepages are subject to the following guidelines.
DRIP Central is not responsible for the content of any personal homepage, and the views expressed on DRIP Central personal homepages are the responsibility of the posting member, not DRIP Central. DRIP Central does not preview personal homepages before they appear on the site. DRIP Central may, at its sole discretion, remove personal homepages found to be in violation of any guideline, or for any other reason. However, it is not obligated to do so.
DRIP Central may choose to feature or promote particular personal homepages on other areas of the site. The selection of a site for this purpose does not imply an endorsement of that site or its content by DRIP Central.
When you use DRIP Central's personal homepage service, you agree to the following.
You agree to not use your personal homepage for any commercial purpose or to obtain a financial gain of any kind.
You agree to not use your personal homepage as a door or signpost to another homepage.
You agree to not post hyperlinks on your personal homepage to content that is not permitted on DRIP Central.
You agree to not use your personal homepage in connection with the sending of any unsolicited messages or advertising.
You agree to not restrict access to any page through the use of password protection or other means.
You agree that DRIP Central will run advertisements on your homepage. These advertisements may include, but are not limited to, "banner" and "pop-up" advertisements.
All judgments concerning the application of these guidelines are made at the sole and absolute discretion of DRIP Central.
Rights
You acknowledge that (1) DRIP Central permits access to content that is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents and other intellectual and proprietary rights, including without limitation, rights of privacy and publicity, moral rights, manufacturer-installed copy-protection devices, such as digital watermarks and registration numbers for software programs, and rights for attribution (collectively, "Rights"); (2) these Rights are valid and protected in all media and technologies existing now or later developed; and (3) except as explicitly provided otherwise, the Terms of Service and applicable copyright, trademark and other laws govern your use of this content.
You may not post to DRIP Central, copy, reproduce, retransmit, distribute, publish, commercially exploit or otherwise transfer any material subject to any Rights. The burden of determining that any information, software, images or any other content on DRIP Central is not protected by Rights rests with you. You acknowledge that DRIP Central may acquire Rights to use any posted materials as described below, and that you will not acquire any of those Rights by downloading such materials.
When you submit content, which includes your member name, to any public area of DRIP Central, including message boards, chat rooms, groups, personal homepages, polls, and contests, you grant DRIP Central and its affiliates a royalty-free, perpetual, worldwide, unrestricted, irrevocable, non-exclusive right (including any moral rights) and license to use, copy, license, sublicense, transmit, edit, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, communicate to the public, perform and display and otherwise exploit the content (in whole or in part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed, for the full term of any Rights that may exist in such content, without any duty to account to you. You also warrant that the holder of any Rights, including moral rights in such content, has completely and effectively waived all such rights and validly and irrevocably granted to you the right to grant the license stated above. You acknowledge that transmissions to, from and/or through this site are not confidential, and your communications may be read or interrupted by others. You acknowledge that by using or accessing this site no confidential, fiduciary, contractually implied or other relationship is created between you and DRIP Central. You also agree that any other member may access, display, view, store and reproduce such content for personal use. Subject to the foregoing, the owner of such content placed on DRIP Central retains any and all Rights that may exist in such content.
Storage
You agree that DRIP Central has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store email messages or other communications or other content maintained or transmitted by us. We may establish an upper limit on the amount of computer storage capacity that is allocated to each email account, personal homepage, or club. We may delete email accounts, groups and/or the information therein if the email account or group is inactive for more than ninety (90) days.
Third Party Services
You may order services or merchandise through DRIP Central from other persons not affiliated with DRIP Central ("Seller"). All matters concerning these orders, including but not limited to purchase terms, payment terms, warranties, guarantees, maintenance and delivery, are solely between you and Seller. DRIP Central makes no warranties or representations whatsoever with regard to any goods or services provided by Sellers. You will not consider DRIP Central, nor will DRIP Central be construed as, a party to such transactions, whether or not DRIP Central may have received some form of revenue or other remuneration in connection with the transaction or be liable for any costs or damages arising out of, either directly or indirectly, you or any other person involved or related to the transaction.
The DRIP Central site may include special routing icons which, when activated, will allow you to access and learn more about DRIP Central and other services provided by DRIP Central or its affiliates. Your use of such icons is free of any charge to you. WHEN YOU ACCESS ANY OF THESE SERVICES, YOUR RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS WILL BE GOVERNED BY THE AGREEMENTS AND POLICIES RELATING TO THE USE OF THESE SERVICES.
DRIP Central and/or third parties may, from time to time, send email messages to you containing advertisements or promotions. DRIP Central makes no representation or warranty with respect to the content of any such email messages or any goods or services which may be obtained from such third parties, and you agree that neither DRIP Central nor such third party shall have any liability with respect thereto. You will always have the ability to opt-out of these communications. (For information on opting-out, please see our privacy policy.)
Financial Advice
DRIP Central is not a financial advisor, and does not provide personalized financial advice. Your use of this site indicates your understanding that you are able to make your own decisions about your financial matters, and that you will not hold DRIP Central liable for any damages relating to your personal finances, whether relating to data, opinion, or other information provided anywhere on the site or through our partners.
DRIP Central's web site and message boards contain information and member-posted materials concerning many companies that issue and sell securities. DRIP Central has not (1) passed on the merit of any of these companies or any information concerning such companies and (2) endorsed, recommended or sponsored any of these companies or information concerning such companies, or any security, financial product or instrument.
You understand and agree that DRIP Central does not offer or provide tax, legal or investment advice to individuals. All material found on DRIP Central is for educational and informational purposes only. Sample allocations, portfolios and strategies provided are designed to educate and inform, and should not be viewed as direct recommendations. You understand and agree that any investment decisions you make will be based solely on your evaluation of your financial circumstances, investment objectives, risk tolerance, financial condition and liquidity needs.
You understand that we make no effort to determine the validity of any information posted by members in our community areas, including message boards, chat, groups and personal homepages. Some of the information presented by members may prove to be, either intentionally or unintentionally, misleading or wrong. Information obtained on message boards is no substitute for independent research, nor is it a good idea to trade or make any investment decisions based solely or largely on information obtained in our community areas. A stock's inclusion as a message board does not imply any type of recommendation by DRIP Central, nor does the lack thereof imply the reverse.
Portfolios, Security Quotes and Historical Data
DRIP Central makes security quotes, historical data and portfolio tracking available from third party information providers. This information is provided "as is." DRIP Central makes no express or implied warranties regarding this information. Neither DRIP Central nor any of its information providers shall be liable for any errors or inaccuracies in the information, any interruptions or delays in the delivery of the information, or any actions you may take based on this information.
Investing in securities carries certain risks, and neither DRIP Central nor its information providers shall be responsible for any investment losses incurred in reliance on information provided on DRIP Central. This information is not intended for trading purposes. You are advised to consult with your broker or other financial representative to verify pricing information prior to the execution of any security trade.
DRIP Central Staff and Community Leaders
Employees, contractors and volunteers ("community leaders") of DRIP Central all contribute to the communications in the message boards, chat, groups and instant messaging. These communications may include contributions to discussions about investing, financial planning, and stocks. All employees, contractors and volunteers of DRIP Central are free to contribute as they see fit. Their opinions are entirely their own, and may not necessarily represent the opinions of DRIP Central management. They may or may not own stocks. They may or may not have in-depth financial or investing knowledge, and you should no more rely on their communications to make financial decisions than you should on the communications of any other person in the DRIP Central community. You should not assume that they have any special expertise or insight merely because they are employed by, or volunteer for, DRIP Central.
Disclaimer of Warranties
You understand and agree that DRIP Central's services are provided "is" and "as available." DRIP Central assumes no responsibility for the timeliness, deletion, mis-delivery or failure to store any user communications or personalization settings.
YOU UNDERSTAND AND EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF DRIP Central'S SERVICES ARE AT YOUR SOLE RISK, THAT ANY MATERIAL AND/OR DATA DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF DRIP Central'S SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF SUCH MATERIAL AND/OR DATA.
DRIP Central DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS SITE OR THE CONTENT, INFORMATION AND MATERIALS CONTAINED WITHIN OR ACCESSIBLE THROUGH THIS SITE. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, DRIP Central DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT AND IT MAKES NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION REGARDING THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF DRIP Central'S SERVICES, REGARDING THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, USEFULNESS, CURRENCY OR RELIABILITY OF ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH DRIP Central'S SERVICES, REGARDING ANY GOODS OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED THROUGH DRIP Central'S SERVICES, REGARDING ANY TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH DRIP Central'S SERVICES OR THAT DRIP Central'S SERVICES WILL MEET ANY USER'S REQUIREMENTS, BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR FREE.
Limitation of Liability
DRIP Central WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, COMPENSATORY, EXEMPLARY, RELIANCE OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION OR THE BASIS OF THE CLAIM, RESULTING FROM THE USE OF OR ACCESS TO DRIP Central'S SERVICES, THE USE OF OR THE INABILITY TO USE DRIP Central'S SERVICES, RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH DRIP Central'S SERVICES, RESULTING FROM LOSS OF, UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF A USER'S TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA OR FOR THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, USE, BUSINESS, PROFITS, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLES, EVEN IF DRIP Central HAD BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless DRIP Central, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants and agents from any and all third party claims, liability, damages and/or costs (including, but not limited to, attorneys fees) arising from your use of our services, your violation of the Terms of Service or your infringement, or infringement by any other user, of your account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. The Terms of Service will inure to the benefit of DRIP Central's successors, assigns and licensees.
Applicable Law
The terms and conditions appearing on this page and elsewhere on this site will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut, without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions or your actual state or country of residence. Sole and exclusive jurisdiction for any action or proceeding arising out of or related to these Terms of Service or otherwise related to DRIP Central's services or your use thereof shall be an appropriate state or Federal court located in the State of Connecticut, and your use of and access to this site acts as an express consent to the jurisdiction of such appropriate court. Use of and access to this site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give full effect to this paragraph is prohibited. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision or portion of the Terms of Service to be unenforceable, the remainder of the Terms of Service will continue in full force and effect.
These Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede and replace all prior or contemporaneous understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding such subject matter. Any waiver of any provision of these Terms of Service will be effective only if in writing and signed by DRIP Central.
If you have any questions regarding these Terms of Service, please contact us.
© 1996-2007 Doug Gerlach & DRIPcentral.com. All rights reserved.
By using this site, you agree to our Terms of Service.
DRIP Central is solely owned and operated by Doug Gerlach. Questions or comments? Write to him.
Your privacy is important.
For information, please read our Privacy Policy.