https://www.hullinc.com/privacy-policy/
Expertise
Markets
Environment
Site Assessment and Remediation
Brownfield Redevelopment
Waste Management and Beneficial Use
Regulatory Compliance and Permitting
Rapid Response Consulting
Merger and Acquisition Support
Sediment Management
Ecology and Wetlands
Risk and Liability Assessment
Energy
Oil & Gas
Utilities
Petroleum and Chemicals
Renewable Energy
Infrastructure
Municipal Engineering
Transportation
Land Development
Parks and Recreation
Water Resources
Water and Wastewater
Geotechnical Engineering
Surveying
Drone Services
About
Firm Overview
People
Our Core Values
Sustainability
Health & Wellness
Careers
Giving Forward
Safety
Our Affiliates
Offices
Contact
Privacy Policy
Hull & Associates, LLC (“Hull”) cares about your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we collect from you on the ivg.c4e.myftpupload.com internet website (the “Website”), how we use and handle such information (including who we might share it with) and how we revise this Privacy Policy from time to time.
Personal Information (Collection and Use).
What is “Personal Information”?
Hull collects personal information (such as your name, telephone number, e-mail address, mailing address and other contact information) when you navigate the Website by browsing pages, submitting information into the “search site” and other interactive portions of the Website and in other ways.
When you navigate the Website, we collect your IP address.
If you send e-mail to the Website, Hull collects your e-mail address and name, as well as any information contained in the “subject” line or text of the e-mail message. If you copy other persons on such e-mail submission, we collect the e-mail address and name of such copy recipients.
The information described above is referred to in this Privacy Policy as “Personal Information” because it identifies or describes individual or personal aspects about you.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Notice: Hull does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of thirteen.
How does Hull Collect Personal Information?
Hull collects your Personal Information primarily from your voluntary submission as described above in this Privacy Policy. We may also collect your Personal Information when we review your Website usage practices or patterns, or when you register to receive our products or services.
How does Hull Use and Store Personal Information Collected?
Hull uses your Personal Information to deliver our products and services to you, which is why you generally provide it to us. We also use your Personal Information to authenticate your access and use of the Website; to send you information as requested by you; to respond to your e-mail inquiries (when we deem such response to be appropriate); to send you notices about changes to the Website; and to manage and improve the Website to optimize our products and services.
We may also use your Personal Information (such as search terms) to optimize our exposure and availability on external web search engines such as Google®.
Hull does not currently share, sell, rent, lend or give Personal Information you provide us to any third party, other than our service providers who assist us in providing our products and services to you and who need to know the information in order to provide such services to us.
Hull may disclose Personal Information in limited situations where necessary to comply with law, administrative or civil process, or to enforce the terms of use of the Website or other legal or equitable rights or entitlements, in our sole discretion. We may also disclose your Personal Information in connection with acquisition activities, such as a merger or transfer of our company to a third party.
Notice to California Residents: Hull does not currently maintain a process for individuals who use or visit the Website to review and request changes to any of their personally identifiable information collected through the Website.
Tracking Cookies.
An internet tracking cookie (or HTTP cookie) is a small piece of text stored on a user’s (like yours) computer by a web browser (such as Internet Explorer® or Mozilla Firefox®). Web pages (like those incorporating the Website) use tracking cookies for authentication, session navigation tracking, and storing site preferences. We use tracking cookies to better serve you when you return to the Website. If you do not want to enable the Website to place tracking cookies on your computer, you can adjust your web browser’s security settings to block tracking cookie placement. You can also adjust your web browser settings to notify you when your computer receives a tracking cookie, which gives you a chance to decide whether or not to accept the tracking cookie before it is placed on your computer. If you decide not to accept a tracking cookie from the Website, you may not be able to use all of the features of the Website.
Third Party Site Links.
Hull may provide HTML links to third party websites. Hull is not affiliated with third parties to whom we provide such links, and we are not responsible for the content, accuracy or privacy practices of the websites to which such HTML links are directed. This Privacy Policy applies only to the Website and not to any third party web pages or domains operated by third parties. As a general rule, you should always consider checking the privacy policies of third party websites before submitting Personal Information to such websites.
Governing Law.
This Privacy Policy is governed by and interpreted pursuant to the law of the State of Ohio, in the United States of America. If any dispute arises in connection with your use of the Website, the courts of Franklin County, Ohio, United States of America, shall have exclusive jurisdiction and venue over such dispute. Visitors or users of the Website who are subject to the jurisdiction of countries other than the United States of America must not submit information of any kind to or through the Website, and waive all liability of Hull and its members, managers, employees, successors and assigns with respect to submission of such information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy.
Hull reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. If we change this Privacy Policy, we will adjust the “updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy and post such changed Privacy Policy on the Website. For this reason, you should check the Privacy Policy each time you use or visit the Website to keep informed of any changes to the Privacy Policy.
Sharepoint Login
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Hull & Associates, LLC is a project development and engineering consulting firm specializing in Environment, Energy and Infrastructure markets. We are located in the Midwest and Mid-Atlantic regions with offices in Cincinnati, Cleveland, Columbus, St. Clairsville, Newark and Toledo, Ohio; Austin, Texas; and Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Our services are transportable nationwide.
© Hull & Associates, LLC. All Rights Reserved.