https://www.wcff.ca/about-us/policies/
WCFF Safety Training Courses | Policies & Student Conduct
Western Canada Fire & First Aid Inc.
Search
Primary Menu
Skip to content
About Us
News
FAQ
Promotional Video
Testimonials
Policies
Conditions of use and privacy
Courses
Course Calendar
Online Training
Consulting
Locations
Contact Us
Notifications & Alerts
Search for:
Policies
Types of Bookings:
Individual bookings are for individuals who are self-registering into courses.  Individual bookings must be paid in full at the time of booking.
Onsite bookings refer to instances whereby a WCFF instructor conducts training at a location provided by a corporation or organization for a group of students.  Onsite bookings are arranged on a case by base by contacting WCFF directly.
WCFF Payment Terms
Individual bookings must be paid upon registration for any of our public training programs. Failure to provide payment at registration will result in cancellation of booking.  Accepted payment for Individual bookings are:
Cash
Visa
MasterCard
Interac
Visa Debit (PIN required)
Group and onsite bookings may be arranged to suit your company’s specific needs for training.  Corporations who are approved for credit by WCFF may register students in classes using a company purchase order.  If you would like apply to have your company added to WCFF’s Approved List, and thus invoiced for payment, please complete and return WCFF’s Application for Credit.  Corporations not yet approved for credit will be required to provide a valid credit card to book students and hold seats – the full cost of the course registrants will be charged to this card 2 days prior to the course date, unless WCFF has approved the Application for Credit.
Corporations with “Approved” status will be invoiced monthly, on Net 30 terms from the date of invoice.  Corporations may request exceptions to WCFF’s Net 30 Payment Terms, in writing, to our Administrator of Finance.
2.5% per month will be charged to overdue accounts, commencing on the 31st day from date of invoice.
A fee of $40 will be charged on all dishonoured cheques.
The goods and service tax (GST) applies to all programs, services, and items outlined in this catalogue. WCFF’s GST Registration Number is 893633396.
Cancellation Policy
Western Canada Fire & First Aid reserves the right to cancel or reschedule any program that does not meet required minimum enrollment. We will make every effort to inform all registrants of the cancellation prior to the start date of the course.
Individual bookings: If a registrant is unable to attend a program, a minimum of 2-full-business days’ notice is required (prior to the date of the course) in order to receive a full refund or a transfer at no cost.  If less than 2-full-business days’ notice is provided, you will be charged the full cost of the course OR a $50.00(plus GST) fee to reschedule.  If no notice is provided, you will be charged the full fee of the course.
Onsite bookings:  If a company or organization needs to cancel an onsite booking, a minimum of 5-full-business days’ notice is required (prior to the date of the course) to receive a full refund at no additional cost.  If less than a minimum of 5-full-business days’ notice is provided, the company / organization will be charged a $500.00 (plus GST) cancellation fee.
Rescheduling Policy
Individual bookings: If a registrant is unable to attend a program, and wishes to re-schedule to a future class, a minimum of 2-full-business days’ notice (prior to the date of the course) is required to transfer at no additional cost.  The registrant must attend a rescheduled course within 30 days of the original course date.  If less than a minimum of 2-full-business days’ notice is provided, the registrant will be transferred to a future class and charged a $50 re-scheduling fee.
Onsite bookings:  If a company or organization needs to reschedule an onsite booking, a minimum of 5-full-business days’ notice is required (prior to the date of the course) to receive a transfer at no additional cost.  The onsite booking must be rescheduled within 30 days of the original course date to receive a transfer at no cost.  If a rescheduling request for an onsite booking is made with less than a minimum of 5-full-business days’ notice, a $200.00 (plus GST) rescheduling fee will apply.
“No-Show” Policy
Individual bookings: Registrants who fail to arrive for scheduled training will forfeit the full cost of registration, without refund or transfer.  Registrants who arrive late for scheduled training will not be admitted to class, and will forfeit the full cost of registration, without refund or transfer.
Onsite bookings: The Onsite Training Contract in place prior to confirmation of any onsite booking details all contractual obligations for onsite training.
Course Waiting Lists
If the program you want to register in is full, please ask to be placed on a priority waiting list. You will be contacted if space becomes available.
Replacement Certificates, Letters of Confirmation & Wall Certificates
Replacement certificates, and/or letters of confirmation for training, may be issued for certificates that have not expired, according to the schedule below:
$25 (plus GST) for courses for which WCFF owns the intellectual content
$50 (plus GST) OSSA Confined Space and OSSA Elevating Work Platforms.
All other Third Party certificates may be replaced by contacting the issuing authority:
o   Fall Protection Group certificates may be replaced by contacting the Fall Protection Group directly, at (403) 270-2332.
o   Energy Safety Canada (ESC) certificates (H2S Alive, GODI) may be replaced by contacting ESC  directly, toll free at (800) 667-5557.
o   Heart & Stroke Foundation certificates (CPR for the Healthcare Practitioner) may be replaced by contacting HSF directly, toll free at (877) 473-0333.
Wall Certificates for any course for which WCFF owns the intellectual content can be purchased for $25 (plus GST).
Passing Grade and Exam Re-Writes
Some courses do not offer a re-write.  Please contact WCFF at 780-469-4887 to determine if a student is eligable for a re-write for a particular course.  In most cases, if a student does not achieve a passing grade but is within 10% of the passing grade they will be eligible for a re-write. The re-write will be held at our training centre under the supervision of a staff member. The cost of the re-write is $25.00 (plus GST). Students are encouraged to read over their manuals before coming in for the re-write and are to bring their manuals with them. Re-writes are not available for the H2S Alive course. Students requiring a re-test on the practical portion of a Powered Mobile Equipment (PME) course such as Elevating Work Platforms, Forklift, Grader or Skid Steer may do so at a cost of $50.00 (plus GST).
Certificate of Responsibility and Physical Fitness
Course participation can be physically demanding and may involve risks incidental to the function of such training.  By completing registration and signing this waiver, the attendee and/or their sponsor assumes all such risk and responsibility for the registrant’s participation in the programs and his/her physical ability to participate.  Any existing and/or previous medical problems, including those that may arise as a result of physical activity, must be brought to the instructor’s attention before the commencement of the program.
Personal Information & Privacy Act Declaration
The personal information contained herein is required for the purpose of registration and enrolment in courses of Western Canada Fire & First Aid Inc. (hereafter referred to as WCFF).   It may be necessary for WCFF to disclose some or all of the personal information contained herein to third party agencies or your employer for these purposes.  Where third party agencies are retained, appropriate agreements exist to protect personal information. Personal information disclosed to your employer is restricted to information necessary for administering your employment.
Student Code of Conduct
As a participant in a Health & Safety, Pre-Hospital Care, or Powered Mobile Equipment course facilitated by Western Canada Fire & First Aid Inc. (WCFF), you agree to abide by the following Code of Conduct and General Rules:
Participants will respect all persons at all times. Abusive language, words, and/or behaviour will not be tolerated and may be grounds for dismissal without reimbursement.
Participants will not willfully damage any property of Western Canada Fire & First Aid Inc., the instructor, or other students.
Participants who appear intoxicated or otherwise impaired will not be permitted to attend training, and may be dismissed without reimbursement at any time.
Participants in all classes are required to wear appropriate footwear (no open toes / sandals / flipflops).   *Exception: First Aid, Oxygen Therapy, & CPR for HCP Classes
Participants who do not meet minimum course requirements / pre-requisites or minimum recommended experience may be dismissed from the class, without refund, at the discretion of the instructor and/or any Western Canada Fire & First Aid Inc. staff member.
Participants must be present for all components of the class in order to be successful. Failure to return from allotted breaks in a timely fashion may result in dismissal from the class, and may result in additional fees for make-up training sessions at a later date.
Our vision is to see every worker returning home safely every day. Call us at 780-469-4887 to register for your safety course today.
About Us
News
FAQ
Promotional Video
Testimonials
Policies
Conditions of use and privacy
Courses
Course Calendar
Online Training
Consulting
Locations
Contact Us
Notifications & Alerts
Proudly powered by WordPress