http://www.aggregate.com/privacy-notice
Jump to navigation
Jump to search
Jump to content
United Kingdom
Customer and Supplier Portals
0 items
Your basket
Quantity
Checkout
Privacy notice
Aggregate Industries » Site information » Privacy notice
Site mapCookies policyLegalSearch
Aggregate Industries » Site information » Privacy notice
This Notice sets out our commitment to complying with data protection laws, keeping personal data secure and only using it for legitimate purposes in a transparent manner. In this document, we use “we”, “us” and “our” to refer to Aggregate Industries UK Limited, our subsidiary and affiliated companies and, where relevant, other companies in the LafargeHolcim Group. When we refer to “you” we mean individuals whose personal data is controlled or processed by us.
We value your interest in us and our products, technologies and services. When you interact with us, we may collect and process your personal data. This Data Protection Notice explains how we use the personal data provided by you and which rights and options you have in this respect. It applies to Personal Data that you provide to us or information which is derived from such data. The information that is gathered by cookies or other web tracking technologies is subject to our Cookie Policy which can be found on our websites.
Who is responsible for your personal data?
Your personal data will be controlled by Aggregate Industries UK Limited or an affiliate who is responsible for the security and integrity of your personal data.
Why will we use your personal data?
We will process your personal data only for the following purposes ("Permitted Purposes"):
Planning, performing, managing and administering your (or a third parties' to whom you are related) contractual business relationship with us, e.g. by performing transactions and orders of products or services, processing payments, performing accounting, auditing, billing and collection activities, arranging shipments and deliveries, facilitating repairs and providing support services or providing you with other services or things you may have requested;
Maintaining and protecting the security of our products, services and websites or other systems, preventing and detecting security threats, fraud or other criminal or malicious activities;
Ensuring compliance with legal obligations (such as record keeping obligations), compliance screening or recording obligations (e.g. under competition laws, export laws, trade sanction and embargo laws, anti-bribery or corruption laws and internal rules or to prevent white-collar or money laundering crimes), which may include automated checks of your contact data or other information you provide about your identity against applicable sanctioned-party lists and contacting you to confirm your identity in case of a potential match or recording interaction with you which may be relevant for competition law purposes;
Informing you, where permitted in accordance with local laws, about our products and services which we think may be of interest to you.  This may be by mail, telephone, email, messaging services or other similar means. We will however only contact you by electronic means where we have either your express consent, or where you have previously bought or enquired about a similar product or service;
Managing visitors to our websites and internet portals to help ensure their comfort and safety, as well as the safety of our sites, our colleagues and our assets;
Solving disputes, enforcing our contractual agreements and to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; and
Compliance with other legal obligations, e.g. to keep sales records for tax purposes or to send notices and other disclosures as required by law.
Where you have given us your express consent, we may process your personal data also for the following purposes:
Communicating with you through the channels you have approved to keep you up to date on the latest announcements, special offers and other information about our products and services (including marketing-related newsletters) as well as events and projects;
Administrating and performing events including customer events, customer surveys, marketing campaigns, market analysis, sweepstakes, contests or other promotional activities or events; and
Collecting information about your preferences to create a user profile to personalise and foster the quality of our communication and interaction with you (for example, by way of newsletter tracking or website analytics).
We will not use your personal data for taking any automated decisions affecting you or creating profiles other than described above.
Depending on the purposes for which we use your personal data, the processing is either necessary for the performance of a contract or other business agreement or for compliance with our legal obligations or for purposes of legitimate interests pursued by us, always provided that such interests are not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In addition, the processing may be based on your consent where you have expressly given that to us.
Scope of personal data
We may collect and process in particular the following categories of personal data:
Contact information, such as full name, work address, work telephone number, work mobile phone number, work fax number and work email address;
Payment data, such as data necessary for processing payments and fraud prevention, including credit/debit card numbers, security code numbers and other related billing information;
Further business information necessarily processed in a project or contractual relationship with us or voluntarily provided by you, such as orders placed, payments made, requests and projects;
Information collected from publicly available resources, integrity data bases and credit agencies; and
If legally required for compliance purposes: information about relevant and significant litigation or other legal proceedings against you or a third party related to you and interaction with you which may be relevant for antitrust purposes.
Special categories of Personal Data. In connection with the registration for and provision of access to an event or seminar, we may ask for information about your health for the purpose of identifying and being considerate of any disabilities or special dietary requirements you may have. Any use of such information is based on your consent. If you do not provide any such information about disabilities or special dietary requirements, we will not be able to take any respective precautions.
Other Personal Data. We may sometimes ask for your date of birth, your habits or your preferences as we would like to send you greeting messages on important days for you. Any use of such information is based on your consent.
How do we collect your personal data?
We will typically collect your personal data directly from you, or the company you work for. We do not obtain personal data from third parties other than set out above e.g. information from publicly available resources, integrity databases and credit agencies.
How do we protect your personal data?
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in accordance with the technical state of the art and legal data protection requirements to protect your personal data from unauthorised access or intrusion. These safeguards include implementing specific technologies and procedures designed to protect your privacy, such as secure servers, firewalls and SSL encryption. We will at all times strictly comply with applicable laws and regulations regarding the confidentiality and security of personal data.
Who will we share your personal data with?
We may share your personal data as follows:
With our affiliates within the LafargeHolcim Group if and to the extent required for the Permitted Purposes and legally permitted. In such cases, these affiliates will use the Personal Data for the same purposes and under the same conditions as outlined in this Data Privacy Notice.
We may also instruct service providers within or outside of LafargeHolcim Group to process personal data for the Permitted Purposes on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions only. These service providers may be based outside of the UK. LafargeHolcim will retain control over and will remain fully responsible for your personal data and will use appropriate safeguards as required by applicable law to ensure the integrity and security of your personal data when engaging such service providers.
With courts, law enforcement authorities, regulators or lawyers if legally permitted and necessary to comply with a legal obligation or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Otherwise, we will only disclose your personal data when you direct or give us permission, when we are required by applicable law or regulations or judicial or official request to do so, or when we suspect fraudulent or criminal activities.
Where will your personal data be processed?
We are part of LafargeHolcim Group which is a globally active enterprise. In the course of our business activities, we may transfer your personal data to recipients in countries outside of the European Economic Area (“third countries”). When doing so we will comply with applicable data protection requirements and take appropriate safeguards to ensure the security and integrity of your personal data.
Your data protection rights
Subject to certain legal conditions, you may request access to, rectification, erasure or restriction of processing of your personal data. You may also object to processing or request data portability. In particular you have the right to request a copy of the personal data that we hold about you. If you make this request repeatedly, we may make an adequate charge for this. Further information can be found on the Information Commissioner’s Website.
For any of the above requests, please send a description of your personal data concerned stating your name and customer number (if available) to the contact details below. We may require additional proof of identity to protect your personal data against unauthorised access. We will carefully consider your request and may discuss with you how it can best be fulfilled.
If you have given us your consent for the processing of your personal data, you may withdraw the consent at any time. If you withdraw your consent, we will only continue to process your data to the extent it is necessary for us to do so and where we have a legitimate reason.
If you have any concerns about how your personal data is handled by us or wish to raise a complaint, you can contact us at the contact details below to have the matter investigated. If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are processing your personal data not in accordance with the law you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Are you required to provide personal data?
As a general principle, you will provide us with your personal data entirely voluntarily; there are generally no detrimental effects on you if you choose not to consent or to provide personal data. However, there are circumstances in which we cannot take action without this data. For example because this data is required to process and deliver your orders. In these cases, it will unfortunately not be possible for us to provide you with what you request without the relevant personal data.
Retention of your personal data
Your personal data will be deleted when it is no longer reasonably required for the Permitted Purposes or you withdraw your consent (where applicable) and we are not legally required or otherwise permitted to continue storing such data. We will in particular retain your personal data where required for us to assert or defend against legal claims until the end of the relevant retention period or until the claims in question have been settled.
Updates to this privacy notice
This Privacy Notice was last updated in May 2018. We reserve the right to update and change this Privacy Notice from time to time in order to reflect any changes to the way in which we use your personal data or changing legal requirements. In case of any such changes, we will publish the changed Privacy Notice on our website.
How to get in touch with us
For any questions and comments or in case you want to assert your rights, please email data.protection@aggregate.com. You can also contact us in writing at:
General Counsel
Aggregate Industries UK Limited
Bardon Hall
Copt Oak Road
Markfield
Leicestershire
LE67 9PJ
About Aggregate Industries
We’re at the frontline of the construction and infrastructure industries, producing and supplying an array of construction materials. With over 200 sites and around 3700 dedicated employees, we’re home to everything from aggregates, asphalt, ready-mixed concrete and precast concrete products. On top of that, we produce, import and export supply materials for cement and offer national road surfacing and contracting services.