http://www.foodforlife.com/about_us/privacy-policy
Jump to navigation
You are hereHome ›› Food For Life Privacy Policy
Food For Life Privacy Policy
Last Updated: January 10, 2020
This Privacy Policy applies to Food For Life Baking Co., Inc. ("We", "Our", "Us"). This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and share the personal information that we gather on our website at www.foodforlife.com (the "Site"). By continuing to use our Site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Please click the following links to learn more about our Privacy Policy:
What Types of Personal Information Do We Collect?
How Do We Use Personal Information?
How Do We Share Personal Information?
How Do We Respond to 'Do Not Track' Signals?
Cookies
Your Privacy Choices
Legal Bases for Processing (EEA Individuals)
EEA Individuals' Rights
International Transfers of Data
Children's Privacy
Change of Control
How Do We Protect Personal Information?
Policy Changes
Contact Information
1. What Types of Personal Information Do We Collect?
Information You Give Us. You may give us information by signing up for an online account, making a purchase, signing up for an email newsletter, entering information through our online forms or surveys, requesting a list of nearest store locations to you, signing up in-person at a tradeshow, or contacting us by phone or email for information or customer service.
The categories of information include:
Contact information, such as name, postal address, email address, and telephone number
Payment information, such as credit card or debit card information
Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as IP address, cookies, and session logs
Geolocation data, such as your physical location
Electronic, visual, or similar information, such as recipe photos
Information We Automatically Collect. Like many website operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our website.
This includes Log Data, such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Sites that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics, and whether you reached our page via a social media or email campaign. This information may be collected via several technologies, including cookies, web beacons, clear GIFs, canvas fingerprinting and other means, such as Google Remarketing and Facebook Pixel.
You can control cookies in your browser to enable or disable them. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.
Information We Collect From Third Parties. If you access our Sites through third parties (e.g., Facebook or Google), or if you share content from our Sites to a third party social media service, the third party service will send us certain information about you if the third party service and your account settings allow such sharing. The information we receive will depend on the policies and your account settings with the third party service.
2. How Do We Use Personal Information?
We use your personal information as follows:
To provide you with the services on our platform, which may involve processing geolocation data to provide you with a list of nearest store locations
To communicate with you, such as providing customer service and marketing
To bill and collect money owed to us by you
To share with third-party marketing partners to provide tailored advertising on our Site and other websites that you may visit
To market our products and/or services to you
To analyze Site usage and improve the services offered
For market research, project planning, troubleshooting problems
For detecting and protecting against error, fraud or other criminal activity
3. How Do We Share Personal Information?
To Users or the Public with Your Consent. We may share your recipes and product testimonials with other users and the public with your consent. You may elect to disclose your full name, your first name only, or your last name only when sharing a recipe. When sharing a product testimonial, only your first name will be used to identify your testimonial.
Affiliates and Service Providers. We share your information with our third-party service providers and any subcontractors as required to offer you our products and services. For example, we use MailChimp to send our email marketing campaigns.
Third Party Marketing and Advertising Organizations. We share your information with third party marketing and advertising partners to provide tailored advertising on our Sites and other websites that you may visit.
Third Party Links and Websites. Our Site may contain links to and from the websites of third parties. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any data to these websites.
Disclosures Required by Law. We may be required to disclose your data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet law enforcement requirements. We may be under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation, to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and other agreements, to protect our rights, property, or safety, or the protect the rights, property, or safety of others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection.
4. How Do We Respond to 'Do Not Track' Signals?
Do Not Track ("DNT") is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. We do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated DNT signals, as the Internet industry is currently still working toward defining exactly what DNT means, what it means to comply with DNT, and a common approach to responding to DNT.
5. Cookies
To make our Sites and services work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, shopping cart, or other preferences) over a period of time, so you do not have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another. To learn more, please see our Cookie Policy.
6. Your Privacy Choices
Please contact us if you would like to request access and/or make any changes to your personal information.
Marketing Opt-Out: We may use your personal information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials, and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in any email we send, or you can contact us using the contact details provided in the "Contact Information" section below. You will still continue to receive service-related messages concerning products and services you have purchased (unless we have indicated otherwise).
California Privacy Rights
If you are a California consumer, you have the following rights:
The right to know what personal information is being collected about you.
The right to know whether your personal information is sold or disclosed and to whom.
The right to say no to the sale of personal information.
The right to access your personal information.
The right, in certain circumstances, to delete the information you have provided to us.
The right to equal service and price, even if you exercise your privacy rights.
Request for Information and Deletion. California consumers have the right to request, up to twice in a 12-month period, that a business that collects personal information about the consumer disclose to the consumer the information listed below for the preceding 12 months. We have the right to request verification of your identity for all requests for information.
The categories of personal information it has collected about that consumer.
The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom the business shares personal information.
The categories of personal information that the business sold about the consumer and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold, by category or categories of personal information for each third party to whom the personal information was sold.
The categories of personal information that the business disclosed about the consumer for a business purpose.
The specific pieces of personal information it has collected about that consumer.
To make such a request, please call us at the following toll-free number (800) 797-5090 or contact us at the contact information below.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information. California consumers have the right to opt out of the sale of the consumer's personal information. At this time, we do not sell consumer's personal information. For more information, please call us at the following toll-free number (800) 797-5090 or contact us at the contact information below.
Third Party Marketing. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us using the contact details provided in the "Contact Information" section below.
Nevada Privacy Rights
Do Not Sell My Personal Information. Nevada consumers have the right to opt out of the sale of the consumer's personal information. At this time, we do not sell consumer's personal information to third parties.
7. Legal Bases for Processing (EEA Individuals)
If you are from the European Economic Area, our legal bases for collecting and using your Personal Information is as follows:
The performance of your contract or to enter into the contract and to take action on your requests. For example: the processing of your account registration and facilitating product transactions online.
Our legitimate business interests. For example, fraud prevention, maintaining the security of our network and services, direct marketing to you, and improvement of our services.
Compliance with a mandatory legal obligation. For example, accounting and tax requirements, which are subject to mandatary retention periods. We may also collect your Personal Information to record your requests to exercise your rights and to verify your identity for such requests.
Consent you provide where we do not rely on another legal basis. Consent may be withdrawn at any time.
In some limited cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Information from you, in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet law enforcement requirements, as described above in "How Do We Share Personal Information?"
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your Personal Information, please contact us using the contact details provided in the "Contact Information" section below.
8. EEA Individuals' Rights
If you are from the European Economic Area, you have the right, under certain circumstances, to:
Access your Personal Information;
Correct inaccurate Personal Information;
Request erasure of your Personal Information without undue delay;
Request the restricted processing of your Personal Information;
Request portability of the Personal Information that you have given us; and
To object to the processing of your Personal Information.
If you are from the European Economic Area, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority under certain circumstances.
You may contact us using the contact details provided in the "Contact Information" section below for more information or to exercise your rights.
9. International Transfers of Data
Any data that you provide to us may be accessed, shared or processed by our offices, located in the United States, and service providers located in the United States, if such data transfer is necessary for the specific purpose for which you submitted your data (such as the provision of goods or services under a written contract).
This may entail a transfer of your personal information across international borders. The data protections standards may differ and be lower than the standards enforced in your jurisdiction. We maintain appropriate safeguards as required by applicable law for any personal information transferred internationally, and as required by applicable law, will seek your consent prior to such transfers.
10. Children's Privacy
This Site is not directed at individuals under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided in the "Contact Information" section below. If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information, we will take steps to delete such information.
11. Change of Control
Personal information may be transferred to a third party as a result of a sale, acquisition, merger, reorganization or other change in control. If we sell, merge or transfer any part of the business, part of the sale may include your personal information.
12. How Do We Protect Personal Information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information. However, no website, application, or transmission can guarantee security. Thus, while we have established and maintain what we believe to be reasonable procedures to protect the confidentiality, security, and integrity of personal information obtained through the Site, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us.
13. Policy Changes
We may change our Privacy Policy at any time. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to ensure you are familiar with the most current version.
14. Contact Information
If you wish to contact us or have any questions about or complaints in relation to this Privacy Policy, please contact us at the following contact details:
Food For Life Baking Co., Inc.
2991 Doherty St, Corona, CA USA 92879info@foodforlife.com
Home
About Us
Products
Recipes
Videos
Shopping
Connect
Find A Store
Copyright © 2020 Food For Life | All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Cookie Policy
Professional Website Development By Trinet Internet Solutions, Inc.