https://www.lyndon-sgb.co.uk/data-privacy-notice/
Data Privacy NoticeOur contact details (data controller):Brand Energy & Infrastructure Services UK, Ltd. (Brand)Regent Park299 Kingston RoadLeatherheadSurrey KT22 7SGTel +44 (0)1372 569 100Fax +44 (0)1372 381 399E-Mail:ukinfo@beis.com——————————————————–Your RightsIn respect to your personal data, you have the right to request from us information, correction, erasure or limitation in accordance with the legal regulations. Furthermore, we provide you with your data in a structured, conventional and machine-readable format. If we use your data based on your consent you may revoke your consent at any time. From the time of revocation, we will no longer use your data for the agreed purpose. If we believe to have a legitimate interest in processing your data, you may contact us here and raise your objection. Irrespective thereof, you may at any time contact the responsible supervising authorities. Erasure of DataWhen your data are no longer needed for the specified purposes or if their storage is inadmissible for other legal reasons, we will delete them. Excluded from this, are lawfully collected data which we are obliged to store for legal reasons. Please note that for each deletion the data are initially blocked in order to avoid accidental erasure or potential wilful damage. For technical reasons, data may in certain cases be duplicated in data backup files or by mirroring. Such copies may be erased after some delay due to technical reasons. Provision of our WebsiteYou can visit our website without providing any personal information. Each time one of our website pages is accessed, the web server automatically stores only the IP address, date and time of your request, the time zone difference from Greenwich Mean Time (GMT), the content of your request (specific site), the access status/http status code, the respective quantity of data transmitted, the website from which the request is sent, the browser, the operating system and its interface, as well as the language and version of the browser software. These data are never stored specifically to your person. These access data are evaluated exclusively for the purpose of ensuring trouble-free operation of our site and to improve our services. If the IP address is to be regarded as personal, it will be deleted after 90 days at the latest, unless there are other compelling reasons to the contrary. Use of LinksThe website of the data controller may contain links (hyperlinks/references to other websites). If you follow one of these links, please note that these websites are subject to their own data protection notifications and the data controller cannot assume any responsibility or guarantee for the data protection conditions of these websites. Contact FormIf you make enquiries via the contact forms on our website, we will process the data provided by you in order to be able to respond to you. Long-term storage will only take place, as far as your enquiry requires this. Otherwise, your data will be deleted at the latest after six months. NewsletterYou can contact us to be included in a newsletter to receive information on our products, services and events. We use the data you provide us within the scope of the consent given by you, to send you our newsletter.To send you our newsletter we use Dotmailer, a service of Dotmailer Ltd. No 1 London Bridge, London, United Kingdom. Your e-mail address is stored until you unsubscribe from the newsletter. This data is stored solely for the purpose of sending you our newsletter. The only mandatory information for the sending of the newsletter is the e-mail address.Our newsletters contain a so-called “web beacon” or tracking pixels. Within the scope of this retrieval technical information such as information about the browser and your system, as well as your IP address and time of retrieval are initially collected. This information is used to technically improve the services based on the technical data or the target groups and their reading behaviours that are based on their retrieval locations (which can be determined using the IP address) or access times. The statistical surveys also include determining whether the newsletters are opened, when the newsletters are opened and which links within the newsletters are clicked. For technical reasons, this information can be assigned to individual newsletter recipients. However, we do not aim to observe individual users. The evaluations serve to recognise the reading habits of our users and to adapt the contents of our newsletters to them or to send different content according to the interests of our users. You may at any time unsubscribe from our newsletter either by sending us directly an e-mail or using the unsubscribe link located in every newsletter. Rights to WithdrawIf your personal data are based on legitimate interests in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 f. GDPR, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data, if there are reasons arising from your particular situation. In the event of a justified objection, we will no longer process the personal data.——————————————————–CookiesIn order to make our website as user-friendly as possible, we use so-called “cookies”.What Are CookiesAs is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or ‘break’ certain elements of the sites functionality.For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies… How We Use CookiesWe use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately is most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use. Disabling CookiesYou can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies. The Cookies We SetWhen you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence. Third Party CookiesIn some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.From time to time we test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered. When we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimisations our users appreciate the most.——————————————————–Google MapsOn our website we use Google Maps (a service by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA) to display our locations in the Google Maps plug-in. When using Google Maps, data that are necessary for use will be passed on.For more information, see the Google Maps Terms of Service(https://maps.google.com/help/terms_maps.html). Disclosure/Forwarding of DataWe only disclose information to third parties to the extent described in this Data Privacy Notice. For more efficient administration, data are used within the company or data processors are appointed.We reserve the right to amend or change this data protection declaration at any time with effect for the future. The latest version is available on the website.If you are based in the European Union or Switzerland, our data protection guidelines will correspond with your country’s requirements for the transfer of data to countries outside this area. As far as the transfer of personal data is concerned, Brand is certified according to the EU–US Privacy Shield framework, which was negotiated between the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Commission and which concerns the collection, storage, use and forwarding of personal data transmitted from the EU to the USA. Click here to view the EU–US Privacy Shield Privacy Policy. Social MediaThis Notice also applies to the following social media profiles linked to this websiteFacebookTwitterLinkedInYouTubeUpdated: January 2019 More InformationHopefully that has clarified things for you – however if you are still looking for more information please contact us using the enquiry form.View our Brochure
This site uses cookies. Read about our cookie policy.
OK, No problemGet in touch with us todayYou’ve got questions, and we have answers. Just send us a message and one of our knowledgeable support staff will be in contact with you within 48hrs. Full Name (required)Email (required)Job TitleCompanyTelephoneAddressPostcodeWhat is your enquiry regarding?---Health & SafetyTrainingScaffoldingMechanical AccessSite EquipmentRoofing & SheltersBecoming a supplierCareer OpportunitiesOtherMessageIf you wish to receive correspondence from us, please tick here (full details available below)*Send* By completing and submitting this form, you will provide certain information about yourself to Brand Energy & Infrastructure Services UK, Ltd. (trading as Brand, Lyndon SGB, SGB Hire & Hünnebeck) "Brand", such as your name, employer, contact details and any feedback you provide on our products and services. The information may be shared with companies within the Brand group of companies which may be located outside the European Economic Area. Your information will NOT be shared with third parties. We may also communicate with you about Brand products or services which may be of interest to you. If you wish to receive marketing communications from Brand or any Brand company, please tick the box above. If you have any questions or comments about how your information is processed, please contact ukinfo@beis.com