http://www.afi.org/about-afi/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Shop Multiple Carriers Get A Quote
Privacy Policy/User Agreement
Armed Forces Insurance recognizes and shares the privacy concerns of visitors to our website. Our online privacy policy safeguards your information with the utmost regards for your privacy. Armed Forces Insurance is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Armed Forces Insurance collects information from our users at several different points.
What information do we collect?
Personal, Financial and Product Information
We collect personally identifiable information in order to identify and register you as an Armed Forces Insurance customer. In addition, we collect personal, financial and product information in order to provide you with services tailored to your particular needs. By learning a little about you, Armed Forces Insurance can deliver more relevant content and product offerings and thus offer better services. The information we collect will vary depending upon the function or process you select. For example, quote, request for information, and email, you may be required to provide information such as:
Name
Address
Birth date
Phone number
Email address
Policy(ies) Type(s) & Number
Social Security Number
Drivers license number, accident/violation history, information about vehicle operators, lien/leaseholders, vehicle information, etc.
How does Armed Forces Insurance use the collected information and what is the benefit to me?
Armed Forces Insurance uses the information to underwrite risks and generate accurate rates, provide faster customer experience and to improve our website. If you purchase coverage with Armed Forces Insurance, we use the information to activate and service your policy. We may also use this information to contact you about products and services, confirm rate information, policy information or other reminders about our services.
We do not disclose information about you to others unless the disclosure is necessary to conduct our business. We may disclose such information about you to our affiliated companies with which we have joint marketing agreements. In some cases, information about you that has or will be collected by us may, without your authorization, be disclosed to third parties who perform services for us or appear to have legitimate need for the information. These may include, for example, ChoicePoint, Advance Field Services, Clue, Claims adjusters and investigators, Courts, Government Agencies, and parties requesting such information through legal process. Users of our site are always notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties. We do this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether they should proceed with services that require an outside party, or not.
Correction/Updating Personal Information:
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as Zip Code), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove the user's personal data provided us. This can usually be done by contacting our customer service at 800-255-6792 or email at service@afi.org.
Opt-out
You may opt-out of receiving emails from Armed Forces Insurance by sending an email with the subject line Unsubscribe to marketing@afi.org. Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletters or promotional materials may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying to unsubscribe in the subject line in the email or contact us at service@afi.org. If you prefer we not share your name with our affiliated companies, simply notify us in writing of your option to opt-out at 550 Eisenhower Road, Leavenworth, KS 66048 or call us at 800-255-6792.
Email
Email messages are not secure. Email messages traveling through the internet are subject to viewing, alteration and copying by potentially anyone on the Internet. We take seriously the issue of safeguarding your privacy online. However, please note that you should exercise discretion with respect to the submission of any personal or financial information. Please keep in mind that transmitting information via the Internet is never completely secure and thus any information submitted may be intercepted, collected, used or disclosed by others. We encourage customers to send confidential correspondence through the postal service or use the telephone to speak directly to our employees. We are not responsible for the security of confidentiality of communications you send to us through using email messages.
Privacy/User policy updates
As security conditions change and to secure your information through those changes we may find the need to update or revise our privacy/user policies. We will inform of any updates or revisions on the home page so our users are aware of the changes. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we can use their information in the different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected. Please check back routinely for any updates and revisions that may occur. The effective date of these privacy/user policies is March 17, 2011.
Security on AFI.org
Information sent to AFI by the Internet is being protected with 256-bit encryption. After your information reaches AFI we continue to uphold your privacy by restricting those who have access to your information, passwords and restrict the physical premises to employees or security badge visitors only.
Links on AFI.org
AFI.org contains links to other sites. AFI.org and its affiliates do not review or monitor any of the website links. We are not responsible for the content of any linked website. Linking to other websites is at your own risk.
Copyright/Trademark
Material used and displayed on the site, including, but not limited to text, software, photographs, graphics, illustrations and artwork, video, music and sound, and names, logos, trademarks, and service marks, are the property of AFI.org or its affiliates or licensors and are protected by copyright, trademark and other laws. Any such content may be displayed solely for your personal, non-commercial use. You agree not to modify, reproduce, retransmit, distribute, disseminate, sell, publish, broadcast or circulate any such material without the written permission of AFI.org or the appropriate affiliate.