http://www.mpr.com/privacy-policy/
Solutions
Project Execution & Risk Management
Product Development
Asset Management & Reliability
Case Studies
Markets
Power & Energy
Nuclear Technologies
Transmission & Distribution
Health & Life Sciences
Federal
Case Studies
About
History
Leadership
News
Careers
Working at MPR
Benefits
View Openings
Contact Us
Privacy PolicyAny person accessing, browsing, or otherwise using the MPR Associates, Inc. ("MPR," "We," "Us," or "Our") Web site located at https://www.mpr.com ("Site") either manually or via an automated device or program, to the extent permitted hereunder, shall be considered a "User" under this MPR Associates, Inc. Online Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy"). All Users are bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices governing the use of information submitted to MPR through this Site. Capitalized terms shall have the meaning designated in this Privacy Policy.The Information We CollectAnonymous Browsing InformationYou can browse the Site without revealing personal information that can be used to identify you. MPR may collect non-personal information such as your Internet Protocol ("IP") address, the name of the domain you used to access the Internet, the Web site you came from and the site you visit next (see "How We Use Your Information" below). However, MPR does not associate any non-personal information with records containing any personal information submitted to Us, so you remain anonymous when you browse the Site.Personal InformationMPR may collect personal information such as names, titles, addresses, telephone numbers, fax numbers, and e-mail addresses from Users. For example, MPR may collect personal information submitted through its Contact e-mail link. By submitting personal information to this Site generally or specifically emailing to info@mpr.com, the User acknowledges that he or she has read this Privacy Policy, understands it, agrees to its terms and authorizes MPR to collect, use and disclose personal information pursuant to the terms of this Privacy Policy.CookiesThis Site may use cookies. A cookie is a small file that your web browser places on your computer's hard drive. It functions as an identification card, recording your passwords, purchases and preferences. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you a chance to decide whether or not to accept it. While MPR may use cookies to track your visit to the Site and Our servers automatically log the IP address of your computer, this information does not identify you personally and you remain anonymous, even if you have previously submitted personal information to MPR through the Site or otherwise.Third parties whose websites are accessible through links on the Site may also use their own cookies when you link to their website or service. MPR does not control these third parties' use of cookies and cannot guarantee that they will uphold the same privacy standards as MPR. MPR expressly disclaims any and all liability related to the collection, use or disclosure of information by third parties. You should review the privacy policies of any third party websites that you visit through a link from the MPR to understand how they use cookies and the information they collect through cookies.How We Use Your InformationAnonymous browsing information, including your IP address, may be used to gather broad demographic information. This information may be aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent, page views and other statistics about Users of the Site. We also may use this data to monitor Site performance and to make the Site easier and more convenient to use.MPR uses personal information collected from Users, such as names, e-mail addresses and street addresses for a number of purposes including:Who We Share It WithMPR will only share Information that We collect or receive regarding Our Users with third parties under the following circumstances.Consent: If MPR has a User's consent to share personal information, we may do so.Affiliates and Subsidiaries: MPR may share Information about Users with our Affiliates and Subsidiaries including, without limitation, CH-IV InternationalAgents: MPR may utilize other companies and individuals to perform functions on Our behalf such as sending postal and e-mail to Users. These third parties have access to Information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.Aggregate Anonymous Information: MPR may provide to others the aggregate statistics about Our Users' site activity for purposes of marketing, promotion or similar activities. None of these statistics will identify Users personally.Protecting Us and Others: MPR may disclose Information about Our Users to others if We have a good faith belief that We are required or permitted to do so by law or legal process, to respond to claims, to protect Our rights, property or safety or others, or take action regarding illegal activities or suspected fraud.Business Transfers: In the event that MPR decides to sell all or part or assets associated with the Site, We reserve the right to include Information among the assets transferred to the acquiring company.Applicable Law/International IssuesPersonal information that is submitted to this Site will be collected, processed, stored, disclosed and disposed of in accordance with applicable U.S. law. If you are a non-U.S. User, you acknowledge and agree that We may collect and use your personal data and disclose it to other entities, as discussed above in "Who We Share It With," outside your resident jurisdiction. In addition, such personal information may be stored on servers located outside your resident jurisdiction. U.S. law may not provide the degree of protection for personal information that is available in other countries. By providing Us with your personal information, you acknowledge that your have read this Privacy Policy, understand it, agree to its terms and consent to the transfer of such information outside your resident jurisdiction. If you do not consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use this Site, but if you have already provided Us with personal information, please send Us a written request to info@mpr.com or MPR Associates, Inc., 320 King Street, Alexandria, Virginia 22314 and let Us know how you would like Us to handle such information.SecurityThis Site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of information under Our control. However, MPR cannot guarantee that such security measures will be sufficient, will not be breached, and that your personal information may not be disclosed or otherwise accessed in an unauthorized manner. Certain information may be transmitted to you by electronic mail. Although it is illegal to intercept or disclose these messages under Federal law, these transmissions are not secured.Online Policy ChangesThis Privacy Policy may be modified. Any changes to the Privacy Policy will be posted on the Site. All information submitted through this Site is subject to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, as it may be amended from time to time.How to Contact UsIf you have any questions about the Site, Our Privacy Policy or the information MPR collects, please contact Us at info@mpr.com or 320 King Street, Alexandria, Virginia 22314.Effective: June 5, 2008