http://www.spectrumorganics.com/privacy-policy/
At Spectrum, we take your privacy and your privacy concerns very seriously. That is why we have adopted the following privacy policy explaining our online information collection practices and the choices you can make about the way information is collected and used. Spectrum collects information in two ways: through the use of cookie technology and through information you may provide to Spectrum.
COOKIES
Spectrum employs cookie technology and similar devices on our web site to facilitate site navigation. Spectrum also uses cookies and similar devices to collect non-personal information about users of a Spectrum web site, such as 1) a user’s IP address (i.e. stanford.edu), the type of web browser (i.e. Netscape Navigator or Microsoft Explorer) and operating system (i.e. Windows or Linux) being used, 2) the pages of the web site a user visits and 3) the referring web site (i.e. the web site visited just prior to visiting the Spectrum web site). Spectrum collects this information in order to monitor usage of our web site and to improve aspects of our web site. Cookies do NOT contain any personally identifiable information such as your name or email address.
Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but can be configured not to do so or to notify the user when a cookie is being sent.
PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
Personally identifiable information is any information that would reveal specific information about you as an individual. Examples of personally identifiable information include your name, street address, email address and phone number.
Spectrum only collects this type of information when you provide it to us voluntarily. If you contact us voluntarily and provide us with your personally identifiable information, or you sign up to be on our mailing list, we will only use that information in order to respond to your question or request. We want to be very clear: we will not obtain personally identifiable information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us.
WHEN SPECTRUM WOULD PROVIDE OTHER PARTIES WITH PERSONALLY-IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
Spectrum is committed to keeping your personally identifiable information secure and will take reasonable steps to protect your personal information from misuse or alteration.
Spectrum will not share your personally identifiable information with third parties unless such information is required by law through a subpoena, court order or through a government entity. Spectrum may disclose personal information to third parties if Spectrum has reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating Spectrum’s Terms of Use for this web site.
Additionally, Spectrum may provide your information to third parties who provide services for Spectrum. These parties are required to keep such information confidential and may only use the information in conjunction with the services they provide for Spectrum.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Spectrum web site(s) may contain links to other web sites that are owned and operated by third parties. Spectrum is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policies of each site you visit.
AGREEING TO TERMS
If you do not agree to this policy or to Spectrum’s Terms of Use posted on this web site, please do not use this site or any services offered by this site. Spectrum reserves the right to make changes in this policy. Please check back from time to time to ensure you are aware of any updates or changes in this policy. Your use of this site indicates acceptance of this privacy policy.