http://www.mgmdec.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy:MGM Law Inc ("MGM Law Inc") operates http://www.mgmdec.com and may operate other websites. It is MGM Law Inc's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, MGM Law Inc collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. MGM Law Inc's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how MGM Law Inc's visitors use its website. From time to time, MGM Law Inc may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
MGM Law Inc also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://www.mgmdec.com blogs/sites. MGM Law Inc only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to MGM Law Inc's websites choose to interact with MGM Law Inc in ways that require MGM Law Inc to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that MGM Law Inc gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at http://www.mgmdec.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with MGM Law Inc are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, MGM Law Inc collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with MGM Law Inc. MGM Law Inc does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
MGM Law Inc may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. MGM Law Inc may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, MGM Law Inc does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
MGM Law Inc discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on MGM Law Inc's behalf or to provide services available at MGM Law Inc's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using MGM Law Inc's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. MGM Law Inc will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, MGM Law Inc discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when MGM Law Inc believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of MGM Law Inc, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an MGM Law Inc website and have supplied your email address, MGM Law Inc may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with MGM Law Inc and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. MGM Law Inc takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. MGM Law Inc uses cookies to help MGM Law Inc identify and track visitors, their usage of MGM Law Inc website, and their website access preferences. MGM Law Inc visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using MGM Law Inc's websites, with the drawback that certain features of MGM Law Inc's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If MGM Law Inc, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that MGM Law Inc goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of MGM Law Inc may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by MGM Law Inc and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, MGM Law Inc may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in MGM Law Inc's sole discretion. MGM Law Inc encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a http://www.mgmdec.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Pages
Connect With Us
Contact Us
Our People
PARTIAL LIST OF PROJECTS
Privacy Policy
PRODUCTS
Terms of Service
Things to know before filing for divorce
Follow
TagsAccident
Attorney
Auto-Accident
auto accident lawyer
Auto Insurance
Bankruptcy Lawyer
Car accident
Car Accident Attorney
car accident law
criminal cases
criminal lawyer
Debt Collector Attorney
divorce
Green Card
injury case
Injury Claim
Injury Lawyer
Law
Lawyer
Legal Aspect
Legal Tips
personal injury
Personal Injury Attorney
support
Working
Work Visa
Recent Posts
Reasons to Hire a Criminal Lawyer
Do You Need a Car Accident Lawyer?
Understanding Ontario’s Child Support Calculator for 2019
Tips on Winning a Personal Injury Case
Benefits of Hiring a Professional Personal Injury Attorney
Three Essential Auto-Accident Legal Tips
Legal Aspects of Car Accidents
Categories
Child Support Calculator
Education
Injury
Law
Uncategorized
Work