https://www.lewtec.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Legal information
Terms and conditions
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
LEW Techniques Ltd website privacy policy
LEW Techniques Ltd is the Data Controller for any personal data that you supply to us during your interactions with this website. As a user of our website, you are our data subject.
Our address is:
LEW Techniques Ltd
Cook Way
Taunton
Somerset
TA2 6BG
United Kingdom
Telephone: +44 (0) 1823 286698
Email: gdpr@lewtec.co.uk
How we collect personal data through this website
The personal data collected depends on how you use our website (www.lewtec.co.uk). You can browse; fill in forms to request information, quotations or contact from us; download documents; subscribe to our newsletters and other activities through the website. LEW Techniques Ltd’s website collects personal data to provide these services.
When you visit our website, a record of your visit is made. This data includes your device’s IP address, which is used completely anonymously in order to determine the number of people who visit our website and the most frequently-used sections of the site. This enables us to continually update and refine the site. If you use any forms on the website to send an email to us, a record will also be made of the information you submit using the form.
What we do with your personal data
The following table sets out how we handle your personal data and our legal basis for doing so under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the UK Data Protection Act 2018.
What we do
Our legal basis under GDPR
Use the personal data that you provide on our web forms and questionnaires
Article 6(1)(b) – when you provide us with your personal data, for instance to obtain a quotation for our services, this is a necessary step to take at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract
Provide our services to you
Article 6(1)(b) – this is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, our data subject
Contact you regarding the services we provide
Article 6(1)(f) – we may contact you for the purposes of our legitimate interests so that we can gather more information for the provision of our services, deliver those services most effectively, or keep you updated about our company and the services we provide
Retain your data under our data retention policy after your contract has expired
Article 6(1)(f) – we need to retain your personal data for only as long as necessary under the law to protect our legitimate interests
The following table sets out the categories of personal data that we obtain, or may obtain.
Personal data
Explanation
Name, email address, postal address, telephone number, website, location data, online identifier – these are classed as personal data
This data is provided by you on our web forms, either to obtain information or a quotation from us, subscribe to one of our newsletters, request a service from us or as part of the provision of your existing contractual services. The data is also provided to us through the use of cookies on our website – see our Cookie policy for further information.
We may collect, hold, use and disclose the information collected on this website to: compile statistical data; maintain our database; develop/improve our website; respond to any email enquiries; notify you of news and events concerning our company and its services; provide you with publications.
If you no longer wish to receive information about our services, please send an email to update@lewtec.co.uk advising that you do not wish to receive further information.
Your rights
You have the following rights in relation to personal data held about you by LEW Techniques Ltd:
The right to be informed about how personal data is used – (this privacy policy explains how we use your personal data)
The right to access a copy of personal data that LEW Techniques Ltd holds about you
The right to rectification of any errors in personal data held by LEW Techniques Ltd
The right to erasure of any personal data
The right to restrict processing
The right to data portability
The right to object
Rights in relation to automated decision-making, including profiling
If you wish to learn more about these rights and how they operate, please visit the Information Commissioner’s (ICO) website https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/.
You have a right to request a copy of the personal data that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal data please email gdpr@lewtec.co.uk. Proof of your identity will be required for security purposes, and a reasonable administration fee may be charged for manifestly unfounded, excessive or repeat requests.
If you are unhappy with the response that you receive from us when you exercise your GDPR rights or Data Protection Act 2018 rights, you have the right to lodge a complaint to the ICO. More guidance about raising a complaint is available on the ICO’s website https://ico.org.uk/concerns/.
Other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website, www.lewtec.co.uk, so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policy.
How to contact us
Please review the website regularly as this statement may change from time to time. If you have any questions about our privacy policy, or the information we hold about you, please contact us below:
Post: LEW Techniques Ltd,
Cook Way
Taunton
Somerset
TA2 6BG
United Kingdom
Telephone: +44 (0) 1823 286 698
Email: gdpr@lewtec.co.uk
LEW Techniques Ltd is a company registered in England and Wales:
Cook Way
Taunton
Somerset
UK
TA2 6BG.
Reg no. 879810.
Admin login
We use necessary and optional cookies on our website. Click 'Okay' to accept cookies under the terms of our cookie policy.OkayDisable optional cookiesCookie policy