http://www.kbhome.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Effective Date January 1, 2020
Categories: | What Information Does This Privacy Policy Cover? | Individuals Under the Age of 16 | Types of Information We Collect | How We Collect Your Information | How We Use Personal Information | How We Share Your Information | Posting Content | Social Media Plugins | Cookie Policy: Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies | Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies | Your Privacy Rights | Security | Storage of Information | Data Retention | How to Contact Us | Choices Regarding Your Information |
Your privacy is very important to KB Home. We respect the privacy of our visitors, users, customers, and members (also occasionally referred to as "you" or "your"). This privacy policy (and as amended from time to time as posted on our Website at https://www.kbhome.com/privacy-policy) ("Privacy Policy") describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit or use our www.kbhome.com Website ("Website" or "Site") or use our services ("Services"), and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be your acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates. Your use of the Website and our Services is at all times subject to our Terms and Conditions (available at https://www.kbhome.com/terms) (the "Terms" or "Terms and Conditions"), which incorporates this Privacy Policy. Any capitalized terms we use in this Privacy Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the Terms.
What Information Does This Privacy Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information. Such information may include name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, and other information which identifies you as a specific individual ("Personal Information"). For this Privacy Policy the definition of "Personal Information" is the definition under the state or country law applicable to the person whose data is collected.
For California residents, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA"), defines "personal information" as information that "identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household," and includes, but is not limited to, the following if it identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could be reasonably linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household: identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers, internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer's interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement, but does not include publicly available information that is lawfully made available to the general public from federal, state, or local government records. Please note that we do not collect all of this information. See the details below of what Personal Information we do collect.
Individuals Under the Age of 16
We do not knowingly collect, solicit or maintain Personal Information from anyone under the age of 16 or knowingly allow such persons to register for our Services. If you are under 16, please do not send any Personal Information about yourself (such as your name, address, telephone number, or email address) to us. No one under age 16 should provide any Personal Information to or on the Services. In the event that we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a child under age 16 without verification of parental consent, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete that information from our database. Please contact us if you have any concerns.
Types of Information We Collect
The personal information we collect may include:
Identifying Information. For example, we may collect your name, unique personal identifier, online identifier, mailing address, email address, postal address and telephone number, including your mobile phone number.
Demographic Information. For example, we may collect your age, gender and zip code.
Driver's License Information. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may collect your driver's license information.
Device Information. We may collect the type of device you use to access our platforms. It may also include your device identification number, IP address, browser, or operating system.
Location Information. We collect precise location information from your device. This may include your sales office and studio location. For more information about your choices related to location information, see the Choices section below.
Commercial Information. We may collect information about the products or services purchased, obtained or considered, as well as other purchasing histories or tendencies.
Internet or other Network Activity Information. We may collect personal information related to your browsing history, search history and other information regarding your interactions with our platforms or advertisements.
IRS 1099 Information. If you are the winner of a sweepstakes or if we have other business requirements to issue you an IRS 1099-misc. form, we may maintain that information about you.
Other Information. If you use our Website, we may collect information about the browser you are using. We may look at what site you came from, or what site you visit when you leave us. If you visit our sales offices, model homes, and design studios, we may capture audio, electronic, visual, or similar information with our surveillance equipment.
How We Collect Your Information
The personal information we collect through our Website includes information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. We also collect personal information you provide to us in our sales offices, model homes, and design studios, and information we may collect from third parties. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, when you report a problem with our Website, records and copies of your correspondence when you contact us, and responses to surveys and consumer reviews we and our service providers might ask you to complete.
Information You Post. For example, we may collect information you post in a public space on service provider websites for surveys and consumer reviews. This may include Ratings & Reviews features from service providers.
Social Media Information. We may collect information you post on our social media pages. We may also collect your social media profile information.
Information You Submit. For example, we may collect information when you contact us through the "Chat" feature on our Website. We collect information submitted in connection with creating an account with us, completing an application, making a home purchase, including information you submit to us such as a deposit via check, debit card, or other methods of providing deposits to us.
We collect information in different ways.
Directly from You. For example, when you:
Fill out a Guest Information or registration card at a KB Home sales office.
Make a purchase in our sales offices or design studios.
Create a personalized MyKB account.
Sign up to receive promotional emails or text messages (including offers and sales alerts).
Sign up to join a KB homebuying club or similar homebuying education program conducted by us.
Participate in one of our promotional sweepstakes, contests, surveys, consumer reviews or focus groups.
Use a service provider rating and review feature.
Submit a request to our Customer Service team.
Interact with KB Home social media pages.
Apply for a job opening with KB Home.
Are referred to us by another customer.
In other Ways. We collect information when you:
Visit and navigate our platforms on any device.
Enable location-based features on our platforms.
Click on sponsored links or third-party advertisements.
Use the Wi-Fi Services provided in some sales, offices, model homes, or design studios.
Visit sales, offices, model homes, or design studios; we may use cameras and doorbell cameras in and around our locations for operational purposes.
Receive or interact with our communications and platforms that may contain cookies or pixels.
From Third Parties. We may receive information about you from other sources. For example, this may include receiving information from:
Our business partners, including online advertising networks and companies that co-sponsor our promotions.
Social media platforms, including LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Pinterest and Instagram.
Companies that provide information to supplement what we already know about you, including data brokers.
By Combining Information. We may:
Combine information that we collect in our locations with information we collect through our platforms.
Combine information we collect about you from the different devices you use to access our platforms.
Combine information we get from third parties with information we already have about you.
How We Use Personal Information
Examples of how we may use your information include:
To Provide Our Products and Services. This could include fulfilling your requests for home purchases, home related services, or other services.
To Improve Our Products and Services. We may use your information to make our digital platforms, sales offices, model homes, design studios, and other products and services better. We may also use your information to customize your experience with us throughout the browsing, purchasing, and owning process.
To Understand Your Interests. For example, we may use your information to better understand what home options, upgrades, and services, may interest you and customers like you based on information we collect about you and your household.
To Respond to Your Requests or Questions. This may include responding to your customer feedback.
To Communicate with You. We may communicate with you about your account or our relationship. We may also contact you about this Privacy Policy or our Terms and Conditions.
For Security Purposes. This could include protecting our company and our customers. It may also include protecting our platforms.
For Marketing Purposes. We may provide you with information about new communities and special offers. We may use your information to serve you ads about our communities and offers. We may tell you about new features or updates. These might be third-party offers or products we think you might find interesting including home-related information, offers, periodic updates, advertising, homebuyer surveys, requests for ratings & reviews, information on solar systems, telecommunications, alarms, smart home devices, and other information we believe will be of interest to our customers. These service providers are only allowed to use personal contact information for the purpose of providing the specific services requested by us. For more information about your choices related to these communications, see the Choices section below.
How We Share Your Information
We do not sell our mailing or contact lists to unaffiliated third parties. However, KB Home may share your email address and contact with our selected service providers for home-related offers and other information we believe will be of interest to our customers, unless you indicated on a Guest Information or registration card or other material that you do not wish to be so contacted. From time to time, KB Home may decide that it is more efficient to use service providers to perform specific services, such as performing surveys or publishing reviews. If we use a service provider to provide specific services, then information (such as contact information) may be shared with that party to the extent necessary for the service provider to provide these services. These service providers are only allowed to use personally identifiable information for the purpose of providing the specific services requested by KB Home.
KB Home may aggregate personal information and disclose such information in aggregate to advertisers for other marketing and promotional purposes. However, in these situations we will not disclose to these entities any information that could be used to personally identify you.
Creating a MyKB account, signing up for an interest list, or submitting a contact form may result in follow up correspondence from a KB Home representative. You may remove your email address from the distribution lists of KB Home or our business partners at any time by notifying us or the business partners, respectively. To unsubscribe from marketing emails, please view the Choices Regarding Your Information section below.
As part of the normal operation of this Website, we may collect and, in some cases, disclose information about you. Personally identifiable information about you may be used to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze usage of the Website, to improve our Website content and to customize our Website's content and layout. We believe these uses allow us to improve our Website and better tailor it to meet our user's needs. We may use your first and last names, email address, your mailing address and telephone number, to contact you from time to time about our services.
Internally. We may share your information within KB Home and its affiliates and subsidiaries, including, but not limited to our affiliates for financial services, title insurance services, and insurance agency services.
On Our Platforms. For example, we may display information you post on our service provider review feature.
With Our Service Providers. We may share your information with third parties who perform services on our behalf. For example, this may include merchandise vendors and suppliers for customer service. It may also include companies that send emails on our behalf.
With Our Business Partners. For example, this may include third parties that provide financial products and services related to our business. It may also include a third party that co-sponsors a contest or promotion.
Required Disclosures: Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, we will not disclose your Personal Information to any third party unless required to do so by law, court order, legal process, or subpoena, including to respond to any government or regulatory request, or if we believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law, comply with legal process served on us or our affiliates, subsidiaries, contracted vendors, or affinity partners, or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities; (b) enforce our Terms; (c) take precautions against liability; (d) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (e) assist government enforcement agencies or to meet national security requirements; (f) to protect the security or integrity of our Website, our Services, or any software we provide related thereto; or, (g) exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of us, our users or others.
We will attempt to notify you about these requests unless: (i) providing notice is prohibited by the legal process itself, by court order we receive, or by applicable law, or (ii) we believe that providing notice would be futile, ineffective, create a risk of injury or bodily harm to an individual or group, or create or increase a risk of fraud upon us, our users, our Website, or our Services. In instances where we comply with legal requests without notice for these reasons, we will attempt to notify that user about the request after the fact if we determine in good faith that we are no longer legally prohibited from doing so and that no risk scenarios described in this paragraph apply.
It is likely that the identity and categories of such third parties will change during the life of your account. We require that our third-party service providers only use your Personal Information as necessary to provide the requested services to us and each service provider is subject to a set of terms consistent with the applicable portions of this Privacy Policy.
Your Consent to Disclosure/Transfer/Sale of Your Personal Information: You consent to our disclosure of your Personal Information and other information to a potential or actual buyer of our company or other successor for the purpose of considering a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or other court proceeding, in which Personal Information held by us is among the assets transferred. You agree to and do hereby consent to (and shall not object to) our assignment, conveyance, transfer, and/or license (whether by contract, merger or operation of law) of any or all of our rights to your Personal Information and your consents, in whole or in part, and other information, with or without notice to you and without your further consent.
Posting Content
You also may submit information, such as comments, reviews, testimonials, etc., to be published or displayed ("posted") on public areas of the Website, or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively, "Content"). Your Content is posted and transmitted to others at your own risk. We cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your Content. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your Content will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. You agree to and do hereby grant us a royalty-free, sublicensable, transferable, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, and worldwide right to Use, modify, and perform any Content you post to our Website, or that you submit for posting. The term "Use" includes, but is not limited to, use, reproduce, modify, publish, list information regarding, edit, delete, translate, distribute, publicly display, publicly perform, and make derivative works of the content.
If we permit you to post Content, you agree to comply with our Content Posting and Community Guidelines, available here, which are incorporated herein.
We may post Content on our Website you post to our Facebook or other social media account pages. The right to Use you grant us also extends to any content we may post on our Website that you have posted at other websites, e.g., Google.
Social Media Plugins
We integrate social media application program interfaces or plug-ins from social networks, including Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Instagram, Tumblr, Pinterest and/or possibly other companies, into the Website. In order to register as a user with us, you may have the option to sign in using your Facebook or other social media site login.
For example, when you visit our Website and create an account using your Facebook account login, the plugin creates a direct connection between your browser and the Facebook server. This allows Facebook to receive information about your visit to our Website with your IP address. This allows Facebook to assign your visit to our Website to your user account. Please note that as provider of the Website, we receive no notification about the contents of the transmitted data or their use by Facebook. If you do not want Facebook to assign your visit to our Website to your Facebook user account, please log out of your Facebook user account.
If you do so, you authorize us to access certain social media account information, such as your public social media profile (consistent with your privacy settings in your social media profile), name, email address, and profile picture. Plug-ins may transfer information about you to the plug-in's respective platform without action by you. This information may include your platform user identification number, which website you are on, and more. Interacting with a plug-in will transmit information directly to that Plug-in's social network and that information may be visible by others on that platform. Plug-ins are controlled by the respective platform's privacy policy, and not by our Privacy Policy. You can find the Privacy Policy for a platform on their website.
Cookie Policy: Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including, but not limited to, traffic data, geolocation data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, browser type, clickstream patterns, the URL of the most recent website you visited before coming to our Website, the amount of time you spent on our Website, and the pages you viewed while on our Website.
We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking).
The information we collect automatically is statistical data and may include Personal Information, but we may maintain it or associate it with Personal Information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service by enabling us to perform such actions as including, but not limited to: (a) estimate our audience/visitor size and usage patterns; (b) store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize and improve our Website; (c) speed up the page load time; and/or, (d) recognize you when you return to our Website.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include cookies, local storage cookies, web beacons, pixel tracking, GIF and/or IP address. Each of these is discussed below.
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer or mobile device. It may contain certain data, including, but not limited to: the name of the server that has placed it there, an identifier in the form of a unique number, and, an expiration date (some cookies only). Cookies are managed by the web browser on your computer (such as Internet Explorer, Edge, Firefox, Safari or Google Chrome).
Different types of cookies which have different purposes are used on our Website.
Essential Cookies. These cookies are essential to allow you to browse our Website and use its functions. Without them, services such as shopping baskets and electronic invoicing would not be able to work.
Performance Cookies. These cookies collect information on the use of our Website, such as which pages are consulted most often. This information enables us to optimize our Website and simplify browsing. Performance cookies also enable our affiliates and partners to find out whether you have accessed one of our Websites from their site and whether your visit has led to the use or purchase of a product or Service from our Website, including the references for the product or Service purchased. These cookies do not collect any information which could be used to identify you. All the information collected is aggregated, and therefore anonymous.
Functionality Cookies. These cookies enable our Website to remember the choices you have made when browsing. For example, we can store your geographical location in a cookie so that the Website corresponding to your area is shown. We can also remember your preferences, such as the text size, font and other customizable aspects of the Website. Functionality cookies may also be able to keep track of the products or videos consulted to avoid repetition. The information collected by these cookies cannot be used to identify you and cannot monitor your browsing activity on sites which do not belong to us.
It is possible that you will come across third-party cookies on some pages of sites that are not under our control.
You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting in your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
We also use cookies to implement tracking technology on our Website. This allows us to display advertising that is tailored to you on our Website which parts of our content interest you the most and which Service categories you request. This tracking uses De-Identified Personal Information data. We will not combine this data with your other Personal Information without your express permission. Some of our contracted vendors and affinity partners are allowed to place cookies on our Website. Those companies may also provide you with the option of preventing the use of cookies in the future. For more information, contact the relevant third-party provider.
At any time, you can prevent the use of cookies in the future. You may activate the appropriate setting in your browser to refuse to accept browser cookies. However, if you do, your experience on our Website may be affected.
Local Storage Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Adobe Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our Website. Local storage cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies.
Web Beacons. Pages of our Website and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Pixel Tracking. In addition to using Cookies, the Website may employ "pixel tracking," a common process which may be used in connection with advertisements on other sites. Pixel tracking involves the use of pixel tags that are not visible to the user and consist of a few lines of computer code. Pixel tracking measures the effectiveness of advertisements and compiles aggregate and specific usage statistics. A "pixel tag" is an invisible tag placed on certain pages of websites that is used to track an individual user's activity. We may access these pixel tags to identify activity and interests that may allow us to better match our goods, services, and other offers with your interests and needs. For example, if you visit our Website from an advertisement on another website, the pixel tag will allow the advertiser to track that its advertisement brought you to the Website. If you visit our Website, and we link you to another website, we may also be able to determine that you were sent to and/or transacted with a third-party website. This data is collected for use in our marketing and research.
IP Address. Our servers automatically record certain log file information reported from your browser when you access the Services. These server logs may include information such as which pages of the Service you visited, your internet protocol ("IP") address, browser type, and other information on how you interact with the Services. These log files are generally deleted periodically.
Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website are served by third parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers and application providers. First-party or third-party cookies may be used alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our Website. A first-party cookie is a cookie set by the domain name that appears in the browser address bar. A third-party cookie is a cookie set by (and on) a domain name that is not the domain name that appears in the browser address bar. It might be set as part of a side resource load (image, JS, iframe, etc., from a different hostname) or an AJAX HTTP request to a third-party server. The information that first-party and third-party cookies collect may be associated with your Personal Information or they may collect information, including Personal Information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services (i.e., tracking such activities). They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
Google Services We Use
Google Analytics. We use, and some of our third-party service providers may use, Google Analytics or other analytics service to help us understand use of our Services. Such service providers may place their own cookies in your browser. This Privacy Policy covers use of cookies by us only and not the use of cookies by third parties.
Google AdSense Advertising. We use Google AdSense Advertising (or other search engine or display network advertising) on our website. Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. We have implemented the following: (a) Remarketing with Google AdSense and (b) Google Display Network Impression Reporting.
Google Advertising Cookies. Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Website. Google's use of various advertising cookies enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our Website and other sites on the Internet.
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our Website.
Google Maps/Google Earth. We also use Google Maps (including the Google Maps API(s)) and/or Google Earth, which may, among other things, request access to your geolocation, and both of which are subject to their own terms of use and privacy policy.
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out of seeing interest-based ads by using the Interest-Based Ads Opt Out Chrome browser extension.
You may also opt out of Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)'s interest-based advertising.
Your Privacy Rights
Nevada Residents
Starting October 1, 2019 Nevada residents may elect to opt-out of the sale of their personal information. To make a request, please contact us as described in the How to Contact Us section, below. Indicate in your email or letter that you are a Nevada resident.
California Residents
If you reside in California, you have the right to ask us once annually if we have shared personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make a request, please contact us as described in the How to Contact Us section, below. Indicate in your email or letter that you are a California resident making a "California Shine the Light" inquiry.
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018. Effective January 1, 2020, if you reside in California, then you have the following rights:
You have the right to request the deletion of your personal information.
You have the right to request us to disclose to you the following, no more than twice in a 12-month period the following regarding the personal information we collected or shared during the preceding 12 months:
Categories of personal information.
Categories of sources from which we collected the personal information.
Business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information.
Categories of third parties with whom we share the personal information.
Specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.
You have the right to request us to disclose to you the following, no more than twice in a 12-month period the following regarding the personal information we collected or shared during the preceding 12 months:
Categories of personal information we collected about you.
Categories of personal information we have "sold" (as that term is defined under CCPA) and categories of third parties to whom the information was sold.
Categories of personal information we disclosed about you for a business purpose.
We will not discriminate against you because you exercised your rights under this section of the Privacy Policy.
For purposes of exercising your rights above, please note the following regarding how we collect and use your personal information as described in this policy:
We collect the following categories of personal information: Identifiers; deposit information; characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law; commercial information; professional or employment information; internet of other electronic network activity information; geolocation data; audio, electronic or visual information.
We disclose the following categories of personal information for a business purpose: Identifiers; payment information; commercial information; professional or employment information; internet of other electronic network activity information; geolocation data; audio, electronic or visual information.
To learn more about submitting a request under this section of the Privacy Policy, please see the How to Contact Us section, below.
Security
The Internet is not 100% secure. We cannot promise that your use of our sites will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet. We use reasonable means to safeguard personal information under our control. A user identification and a password are needed to access certain areas of KB Home's platforms. The safety and security of your information also depends on you. You should maintain good internet security practices. Where you have password-protected access to certain parts of the Website or Services, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. You should not share your password with anyone. You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer or device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account. If your email account or Facebook account is compromised this could allow access to your account with us if you have given us those details and/or permitted access through those accounts. If your email account is compromised it could be used to ask us to reset a password and gain access to your account with us. If you think that any of your accounts have been compromised you should change your account credentials with us, and in particular make sure any compromised account does not allow access to your account with us. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by other users. We'll never email you to ask for your password or other account login information. If you receive such an email, please send it to us so we can investigate
Storage of Information
Information we maintain may be stored in the United States. If you live outside of the United States, you understand and agree that we may transfer your personal information to the United States. This site is subject to U.S. laws, which may not provide the same level of protections as those in your own country.
Data Retention
The time periods for which we retain your Personal Information depend on the purposes for which we use it. We will keep your Personal Information for as long as your account is active, or as long as you are a registered account holder of our Services or for as long as we have another business purpose to do so and, thereafter, for no longer than is required or permitted by law, or our records retention policy, reasonably necessary for internal reporting and reconciliation purposes, or to provide you with feedback or information you might request. This period of retention is subject to our review and alteration.
Following termination or deactivation of your account, we may retain your profile information and all information posted to public areas of the Website. Following termination or deactivation of your account, we may retain your Personal Information and other data, but will maintain it as confidential according to the Terms, this Privacy Policy, and as required by applicable law. We have the right to delete all of your Personal Information and other data after termination of your account without notice to you.
We may retain De-Identified Personal Information for as long as we choose.
How to Contact Us
Effective October 1, 2019, if you wish to contact us to submit a request under Nevada Senate Bill No. 220 (SB220), please feel free to contact us by telephone at 1-866-I-OPT-OUT (1-866-467-8688) 121#, by email at privacy@kbhome.com, or by completing this form for Nevada residents.
Effective January 1, 2020, if you wish to contact us to submit a request under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, please feel free to contact us by telephone at 1-866-I-OPT-OUT (1-866-467-8688) 121#, by email at privacy@kbhome.com, or by completing this form for California residents or this form for Authorized Agents.
You may also write to us at the address listed below for Postal Mail:
KB Home21 Rancho Camino Dr, Suite 300Pomona, CA 91766Attn: Privacy Department
If you have any questions, comments or concerns with respect to our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at privacy@kbhome.com.
Choices Regarding Your Information
You have certain choices about how we use your information.
Email:
Use the "Unsubscribe" link at the footer of any KB Home promotional email.
Click here to unsubscribe from all future promotional emails.
Email us at unsubscribe@kbhome.com.
Text Messages:
Follow the opt-out instructions provided in our text message.
This Privacy Policy, effective as of the date first listed above, is incorporated into and subject to the Terms and Conditions for use of this Website.
Postal Mail:
To be removed from our global marketing mailing lists, send your request, including your full name and mailing address, to the address listed below.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about the ways in which KB Home collects and uses your information described in the Privacy Policy, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Calling us at 1-866-I-OPT-OUT (1-866-467-8688) extension 121#
Email us at privacy@kbhome.com
Postal Address: KB Home21 Rancho Camino Dr, Suite 300Pomona, CA 91766Attn: Privacy Department
If you do not wish to receive future email offers and notifications, email us at unsubscribe@kbhome.com
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Ethics
Sitemap
Equal Housing Opportunity
© 2020 KB Home. All rights reserved.
Menu
Find a Home
Arizona New Homes for Sale
Phoenix
Tucson
California New Homes for Sale
Bay Area
Central Valley
Fresno Area
Los Angeles and Ventura County
North Bay
Orange County
Riverside County
Sacramento
San Bernardino County
San Diego County
Colorado New Homes for Sale
Denver and Northern Colorado
Florida New Homes for Sale
Jacksonville / St. Augustine Area
Lakeland Area
Orlando Area
Ormond Beach / Palm Coast Area
Sarasota-Bradenton
Southeast Florida
Southwest Florida
Tampa Area
Nevada New Homes for Sale
Las Vegas
North Carolina New Homes for Sale
Raleigh / Durham
Texas New Homes for Sale
Austin
Dallas / Fort Worth
Houston
San Antonio / New Braunfels
Temple / Belton
Washington New Homes for Sale
Seattle-Tacoma Area
Arizona New Homes for Sale
Phoenix
Tucson
California New Homes for Sale
Bay Area
Central Valley
Fresno Area
Los Angeles and Ventura County
North Bay
Orange County
Riverside County
Sacramento
San Bernardino County
San Diego County
Colorado New Homes for Sale
Denver and Northern Colorado
Florida New Homes for Sale
Jacksonville / St. Augustine Area
Lakeland Area
Orlando Area
Ormond Beach / Palm Coast Area
Sarasota-Bradenton
Southeast Florida
Southwest Florida
Tampa Area
Nevada New Homes for Sale
Las Vegas
North Carolina New Homes for Sale
Raleigh / Durham
Texas New Homes for Sale
Austin
Dallas / Fort Worth
Houston
San Antonio / New Braunfels
Temple / Belton
Washington New Homes for Sale
Seattle-Tacoma Area
Need help finding a community?
Connect with us.
888-KB-Homes
Create a MyKB Profile
* required
Already have an account?
Benefits of MyKB
Take your first steps in the KB experience by creating a MyKB account.
Save communities
Compare floor plans
Share with your friends and family
Personal Information
I agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. *
I would like to receive future updates & homebuying information.
My area of interest
Select a Region *
AustinBay AreaCentral ValleyDallas / Fort WorthDenver and Northern ColoradoFresno AreaHoustonJacksonville / St. Augustine AreaLakeland AreaLas VegasLos Angeles and Ventura CountyNorth BayOrange CountyOrlando AreaOrmond Beach / Palm Coast AreaPhoenixRaleigh / DurhamRiverside CountySacramentoSan Antonio / New BraunfelsSan Bernardino CountySan Diego CountySarasota-BradentonSeattle-Tacoma AreaSoutheast FloridaSouthwest FloridaTampa AreaTemple / BeltonTucson
Select a Community
Select a Community
Personal Description
Select One *
I am looking for a new home
I am a Real Estate Professional
I am a KB homeowner / I just purchased a KB home
Where do you currently live?*
United States
--
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia, Plurinational State of
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, the Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Log in to MyKB
Don't have a MyKB account?
Forgot your password?
Welcome to MyKB!
Thanks for registering, you are now able to:
Save and compare floor plans
Share floor plans with friends & family
Get updates on communities
Get started now!
Reset password
Forgot your password? Enter the email address associated with your profile and we'll send you a temporary password.
A new password has been sent to your email inbox.
Find a Home
Design Studio
Tips & Guides
Financing
Contact Us
Sign In
Search
Submit Search
Close
We use cookies to offer you a better, more personalized browsing experience.
By using this website, you are giving your consent for us to use cookies.
Read our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.