http://www.eurocommunication.com/en/privacy-policy.html
Skip to main content
What we can offer you
Who we are
Why choose us?
Quotation
Contact
Blog
Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
The following general explanations will set out what happens with your personal data when you visit our website. Personal data is any information that can be used to identify you. Further down you will find our privacy policy with more detailed information.
How data is collected through our website
Who is responsible for collecting data on this website?
Data on this website is processed by the operator of the site. You can contact the operator by clicking on "Legal Notice" below.
How do we collect your data?
Data is collected when you send us information, for example through our contact form. Other data is collected by our IT systems when you visit our website. Most of this is technical information (e. g. your web browser, operating system or the time at which you accessed a page). This data will be collected automatically as soon as you start browsing our site.
What are we using your data for?
Part of it is collected to help ensure that our website works as you expect it to work. Some data are used to analyze what you do as a user.
What are your rights concerning your data?
You have the right to receive information free of charge on the origin, recipient and purpose of your personal data. You are also entitled to have these data rectified, restricted or erased. Feel free to contact us at any time, using the contact details at "Legal Notice". You also have the right to file a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority.
Analysis tools and third-party tools
Your browsing behaviour on our website may be analysed statistically. This is mainly done by using cookies and analysis tools. As a general rule this analysis is anonymized, which means that the information on browsing behaviour cannot be traced back to you. You can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. You will find more details on how this is done further down.
2. General Remarks and Legal Information
Data protection
The operator of this website takes the protection of your personal data and privacy very seriously. We will treat your personal data confidentially, in line with data protection regulations and this privacy policy.
When you use this website some personal data will be collected. What is personal data? It's any information that can be used to identify you. This privacy policy sets out what data we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how we do that and for what purpose.
We'd like to caution you that data transmission via the Internet (e. g. when communicating by email) is never 100 % secure, which is why your data can never be fully protected against any access by a third party.
Responsible Party
The party responsible for processing on this website is:
Euro communication EWIV
Falkensteiner Strasse 14
60322 Frankfurt /Germany
Phone: +49 (0)69 725143
EMail: info@eurocommunication.com
Management: Christine Müller-Welt, Lorenz Mohler
The party responsible for the processing is the natural or legal person which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purpose and the means of processing personal data (e. g. names or email addresses).
Right to withdraw data protection consent
Many data processing activities are only allowed with your explicit consent. You can withdraw your consent any time by sending us a simple email. Data processed before your withdrawal shall continue to be valid.
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority if your data protection rights have been infringed upon. The local supervisory authority in Germany is the State Data Protection Officer (Landesdatenschutzbeauftragter) of the State in which our company is registered (Hessen). Here is a list of data protection officers in Germany and how to contact them: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html .
Right to data portability
You have the right to receive the personal data that we have processed based on your consent or in fullfilment of a contractual obligation in commonly used and machine-readable format. Should you ask for transmission of the data to another controller we will do so to the extent this is technically feasible.
SSL or TLS encryption
For security reasons and to protect sensitive data, e. g. requests for quotes or any other enquiry you send us, are encrypted by SSL or TLS. You will recognize encryption by checking the address bar of your browser, where http will change to https and a lock symbol will appear. When transmission is encrypted by SSL or TLS the data you send us cannot be read by third parties while it's sent.
Access, Restriction, Erasure
You have the right - within applicable laws, at any time and free of charge - to receive information about your stored personal data, how it was collected, its recipients, the purpose of data processing and, where applicable, the right to rectification, restriction or erasure of these data. To do so and for any questions on your personal data please contact us using the contact details in our "legal notice".
No unsolicited advertising (spam)
We hereby object to the use of the contact information published in the statutory legal notice on our website for the purpose of sending us unsolicited advertising or information documents. The operator of this website expressly reserves the right to take legal action against anyone sending us any such information, e. g. by spam email.
3. Data Recorded by our Website
Cookies
Server Log Files
The Web hosting provider for this site collects and stores information in server log files that your browser sends out automatically. These are:
- Browser type and version
- Operating system
- Referrer URL
- Host name of computer accessing the site
- Time of the server request
- IP address
These data are not merged with data from other sources.
This data processing is based on Art 6 Para 1 b GDPR, which allows data to be processed for the performance of a contract or for steps prior to entering into a contract.
Contact form
When you contact us through our contact form your information (including the contact details you specify there) will be stored in order to answer your enquiry and for answering any follow-up questions. We will not transmit the data to others without your prior consent.
Processing the data entered in our contact form is thus based entirely on your consent (Art. 6 Para 1 a GDPR). You can withdraw that consent at any time. To do so, simply send us a normal email. Any data processing done before you withdraw your consent shall continue to be valid.
Data you enter in our contact form will remain in our systems until you request erasure, withdraw your processing consent or the purpose of storing the data has lapsed (e. g. having fulfilled your request in full). Data will continue to be stored to the extent required by law - in particular by legal provisions on keeping records.
Processing data (customer data and contract data)
We only collect, process and use personal data to the extent necessary for establishing, describing or changing a contractual relationship (customer data). This is based on Art 6 Para 1 b GDPR, which allows data to be processed for the performance of a contract or for steps prior to entering into a contract. Personal data on the use of our website (user data) is only collected, processed and used to the extent necessary to offer our services to users or for billing purposes.
Customer data collected will be deleted either upon fulfilment of contracts or termination of the business relationship. Data will continue to be stored to the extent required by law.
4. Analysis tools and advertising
This website uses Google Analytics by Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA) to analyze website use by users. This service uses cookies as described above. The information collected through the cookies is usually transmitted to a Google server in the US and stored there.
This website uses IP anonymization. The IP address of users is shortened by Google in EU and EEA member states before it is transmitted to the US. The full IP address is only transmitted to a Google server in the US and shortened there in exceptional cases. As agreed with the operator of this website Google will use this information in order to analyse your use of the site, to develop reports on website activity and to provide services to the website operator related to website use and Internet use. The IP address transmitted by Google Analytics will not be merged with other data by Google.
You have the option of preventing cookies from being stored on your device in the settings of your browser. If your browser does not accept cookies you might not have full access to all features of this website.
The use of a browser plugin allows you to prevent information on your website use (including your IP address) collected by the cookie from being transmitted to and used by Google. This will set an opt-out cookie, which will stop data collection when you return to this website. The link to the plugin is: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout .
Here you will find more information on how google uses information: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245 .
We have entered into a processing agreement with Google and fully apply the strict rules of German data protection authorities on Google Analytics.
5. Plugins and Tools
Through an API this website uses Google Maps by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
To use the features of Google Maps your IP address will have to be stored. This information is usually transmitted to a Google server in the US and stored there. This transmission is beyond the control of the operator of this website.
Using Google Maps is justified, because it makes our online offering more attractive to users and helps you find our offices more easily. This is a legitimate interest in the sense of Art 6 Para 1 f GDPR.
For more information on how Google processes user data please refer to Google's privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privac
back to top
Search form
Search
Berlin
Düsseldorf
Frankfurt
Geneva
Karlsruhe
London
Mannheim
Rome
Stuttgart
Zurich
Interpreting
Consultancy services
Translating