http://www.kemin.com/na/en-us/company/california-consumer-privacy-act
By continuing to browse this site you permit us and our partners to place identification cookies on your browser and agree to our use of cookies to identify you for marketing. Review our cookies policy for details or to change your cookies preferences. I accept
toggle on mobile
CAREERS
Kemin's Culture | Benefits, Wellness & Learning Opportunities
Join Our Teams - R&D, Marketing, Legal, IT, Finance & More
Contact HR
CONTACT
GLOBAL LOCATIONS
North America, English  (Change)
North America
US-English
Canada-English
Canada-French
Mexico-Spanish
Europe
English
Russia
Russian
Asia Pacific
English
Japanese
Sub-Saharan Africa
English
South Asia
English
South America
Portuguese
Spanish
China
Chinese
search icon
Submit Search
Close Search
Submit
toggle on mobile
Markets
+
Animal Nutrition & Health
Aquaculture
Biofuels
Crop Technologies
Food Technologies
Hemp
Human Nutrition & Health
Pet Food & Rendering Technologies
Textile Auxiliaries
Company
+
About Kemin Industries
Sustainability
Service to Customers
Innovations &
Technologies
Plant Science
Social Responsibility
Product Catalog
Blog
Careers
Contact
News
toggle on mobile
Markets
Company
News
CAREERS
CONTACT
GLOBAL LOCATIONS
Your California Privacy Rights
Overview
Kemin respects the privacy of every person who visits our websites or responds to our interactive advertisements and is committed to protecting personal information. This California Privacy Rights Notice (the "Notice") supplements the Kemin Privacy Policy by describing your privacy rights if you are a California resident ("you") and includes information on how to submit a request to exercise your rights. The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) gives residents of the state of California the right to prevent businesses from selling their personal information. Kemin takes your privacy seriously and does not provide your information to other companies for money.
California law defines "personal information" broadly as information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual or household. This Notice also uses that definition for personal information.
California law provides you the right to:
Know what personal information is being collected about you
Know if your personal information is sold or disclosed (and to whom)
Say no to the sale of your personal information
Access your personal information
Request deletion of your personal information
Opt-out of the “sale” of your personal information
Categories of Personal Information We Collect
Please refer to the “Information you Provide,” “Information Collected from You with Technology, and “What We Collect” sections in our Privacy Policy to understand the categories of personal information we may have collected about you and how that information was collected.
Purposes for Which We Use Personal Information
Please refer to the "Data Sharing and Transfers" section in our Privacy Policy to understand the purposes for which personal information is used.
Categories of Personal Information We Have Disclosed for a Business Purpose
We share personal information about you with service providers and third parties for business purposes, including for order fulfillment and other purposes related to providing you with the products and services you seek from us. We provide more information about the business purposes for which we disclose personal information in the "Data Sharing and Transfer" section of our Privacy Policy and what categories of information may be shared.
Categories of Personal Information We Have "Sold"
We do not provide personal information about you to other companies for money. We do share personal information with companies that we work with, including to help us market or advertise to you. When this information is in a format that directly identifies you by name, it is not shared  with any companies for thrid-party marketing or advertising purposes. Even though we do not provide personal information to these companies for money, California law may characterize our providing the following categories of information we share with companies that provide services to you or to us, such as personalizing your experience with us or helping us to market or advertise our products and services to you, as "sales" of personal information:
Device and browsing information and other Internet activity information
Demographic information
Identifiers and contact information
Inferences
Please see the "What Categories of Information We Collect" section of our Privacy Policy for further information about what these categories of personal information include. See the "Submitting a Request" section below to request to opt-out. Kemin does not knowingly "sell" the personal information of minors under 13 years of age.
Submitting a Request
To exercise your California privacy rights, submit a request using one of the methods described below, and provide the information required. Once we receive your request, we will validate the information that you provide and send a message to the email address you provide in the request, asking you to verify that it is your email address. Please follow the instructions in that email to verify your email address. We will begin processing your request once you verify your email address.
Send us an email at privacy@kemin.com
Call us at 1-855-559-5198
Submit your request through the form below.
Request to Opt-Out ("Do Not Sell My Information") of "selling" your personal information. Kemin may continue to collect and share personal information about you with third parties as described in our Privacy Policy if that sharing is not a "sale" of personal information, such as to continue to provide services to you.  To exercise your “opt-out” right, please click here.
Right to Non-Discrimination
We do not discriminate against you for requesting any of the rights noted above.
Updates to This Notice
We may make changes to this Notice and may apply any changes to information previously collected, as permitted by law. When we make material changes to this Notice, we will notify you by posting the updated Notice on our website, and we will update the effective date at the end of this Notice.
Effective Date
This Notice is effective on January 1, 2020.
General Terms and Conditions for Vendors
CALIFORNIA SUPPLY CHAIN ACT
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS (Do Not Sell My Personal Information)
PRIVACY POLICY
GDPR
PERSONAL DATA ADDENDUM
INDIRECT COST
KEMIN TERMS AND CONDITIONS
E-MAIL DISCLAIMER
MODERN SLAVERY ACT TRANSPARENCY STATEMENT
Sitemap
© Kemin Industries, Inc. and its group of companies 2019. All rights reserved. ® ™ Trademarks of Kemin Industries, Inc., USA
Certain statements may not be applicable in all geographical regions. Product labeling and associated claims may differ based upon government requirements.