http://www.wpcu.org/website-terms
Skip to main content
WPCCU website terms of use
Our online privacy practices
Keeping financial and personal information secure is one of our most important responsibilities. Water and Power Community Credit Union is committed to protecting the information of our members and other visitors who use our website. We value your trust and handle all personal information with care.  As with information we collect through other means, we use the information you provide online to respond to your needs, service your accounts, and provide you with information about other services. For additional details on how we protect your personal information, please refer to our Privacy Policy.
Secure transmissions
To ensure information remains confidential, Water and Power Community Credit Union uses encryption technology such as TLS (Transport Layer Security) to protect information you enter and submit from our website.
Email security
While email is fast and convenient, it is not entirely secure and may be intercepted by third parties. We highly recommend that you take care and caution not to send emails containing any personal, private or sensitive information that you would not want viewed by a third party.
Water and Power Community Credit Union will never request sensitive information such as Social Security numbers, Online Banking PINs, passwords, or account numbers by email or text message. Please beware of solicitors who ask for sensitive information. If you receive an email or text message or any other forms of solicitation requesting this type of information, please contact Water and Power Community Credit Union immediately at 800-300-9728.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of information that a website stores directly on the computer you are using. Cookies may contain a variety of information from a simple count of how often you visit a website to information which allows customization of a website for your use. Water and Power Community Credit Union uses cookies to gather data about the usage of our website and to ensure that you have access to your account information. Anytime a cookie is used, personal information is encrypted for our use only and is protected from third party access (a cookie cannot be read by a website other than the one that sets the cookie).
Linking to other sites
To provide you with easy access to information, Water and Power Community Credit Union may provide links to other websites such as mortgage companies, insurance companies, and government agencies. These links are provided as a convenience to our members. We do not guarantee or endorse any of the content in these links, and we do not represent either the third party or the member if the two enter into a transaction. The privacy and security policies on these linked websites may differ from those practiced by us. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of all websites you visit, especially before providing any personal non-public information.
WPCCU will NEVER sell your personal data to anyone.
Click on California Consumer Privacy to learn more.
To opt-out, click https://www.wpccu.org/ccpa-opt-out-form
Open Accessibility Panel
We are committed to providing a fully accessible and optimized user experience for all site visitors, regardless of vision or other impairments.
Toggle High Contrast
The contrast between foreground and background text will increase. Non-essential images will be removed.
Hide Accessibilty Settings
Remove the accessibility icon while viewing the site.