http://www.aghlc.com/common/privacy-policy.aspx
Insights straight to your inbox
About
Our story
Our people
Our mission & principles
Our achievements
Services
Assurance & attest
Business & individual tax
Compensation
Corporate finance
HR compliance & consulting
Organizational development & family business
Outsourcing
Retirement plan
Specialized tax solutions
Succession & exit planning
Technology & cybersecurity
Wealth management
Industries
Agribusiness
Construction
Energy
Financial institutions
Government
Manufacturing & distribution
Not-for-profit
Private equity
Vehicle dealership
Resources
Insights
Useful links
COVID-19 resources
Careers
AGH University
Contact
Our privacy policy
Using information provided by you
to improve your website experience.
Home
Privacy policy
Your data is used to enhance your experience on AGHLC.com
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for AGHLC.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website and marketing emails sent by AGH.
Information collection, usage, and sharing
We only have access to information that you voluntarily give us via email, email interaction or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site.
We also utilize tracking code in AGH marketing emails to determine how users engage with our emails and how they arrived to our website from an email.
Based on the information received, we use the provided information to: respond to your request, complete certain forms saving your time on our site, and track/target the interests of our users to ensure we send relevant content and enhance the experience on our site.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you in the future to tell you about new services or changes to this privacy policy. Again, we will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit information via the website, the information transmission is handled in accordance with our data security policies.
Wherever we collect information on this website, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
Other sites
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site.
Contact Us
×
Phone
844.577.1122
Mailing Address
301 N. Main Street
Suite 1700
Wichita, Kansas 67202