http://www.pyramidmedia.com/privacy-policy.html
FIND FILM
BROWSE
SEARCH BY TITLE
SEARCH BY CATEGORY
SEARCH BY PRODUCER
FEATURED PRODUCTS
ASHI INFO
WHAT IS ASHI
ASHI PROGRAMS
ASHI PRODUCTS
CONTACT
USCREEN TV
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy describes how we collect, use and protect your personal information. When you submit personal information to us through our website, by phone or by mail, you are consenting to the collection, use, transfer and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If you have questions about this policy, please contact us.Information We Collect When you visit our website, our web server automatically recognizes your domain name and e-mail address (where possible). We use “cookies” to record session information, such as web pages you have visited, web browser type and version information and items you have added to your shopping cart and/or purchased. Cookies are also used to record past online activities, such as dates and times of your prior visits and/or your purchases and participation in online training courses and examinations. When you submit information to our website, call us or write us, we receive and store that information. Examples of the type of information you may provide to us are: your email address, telephone number, physical address, account user name, account password, content of e-mails and instant messages you have sent us, responses to survey questions, site registrations, comments posted in our forums, and if you purchase products or services from us, billing information and your credit card number. You can choose to not provide this information however, you may then not have access to certain features of our website, such as participating in a forum or purchasing products or services. How We Use Your InformationThe information we collect is used to:•    Customize our website content to enhance your user experience, provide you with better service when you return to our website and improve the content of our website. •    Provide you with information you specifically request, product support and customer service, whether through the live chat feature, the contact us feature or otherwise. •    Contact you regarding new products or services or upcoming events offered by us or by our business partners. If you decide you do not want to continue receiving information about new products and services, please let us know by contacting us via email at
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
We may also disclose information to third parties under the following circumstances:•    To service providers who are under contract with us in order to assist with our business operations, such as credit card processing, mail delivery, product order fulfillment and bill collection.  •    From time to time we may be involved in some form of business transfer, whether it is a merger, acquisition or some form of asset sale. In connection with such activity, user information, including your personal information, may be provided to entities and advisors involved in the business transfer, subject to an obligation to keep your personal information confidential. How We Protect Your InformationWe have security measures in place at our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you. When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information online, such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server. However, due to computer hackers, electronic malfunctions, and other events, we cannot guarantee that such safeguards will always protect such information.Certain portions of our website are only accessible by registered users who have an account with us. Your account can only be accessed by entering the correct password. You are solely responsible for protecting your password, and you should not share your password or personal information with others.UpdatesPlease visit this Privacy Policy from time to time, as we reserve the right to periodically update it. When we change the Privacy Policy in a material way, a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated Privacy Policy. Your continued use of our website after a Privacy Policy update indicates your acceptance of the terms of the updated Privacy Policy. What do we use your information for?•    Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: •    To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)•    To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)•    To process transactions.  •    Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.•    To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature•    To send periodic emails•    The email address you provide for order processing will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.•    Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.How do we protect your information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be kept on file for more than 60 days, unless given authorization by the customer.Do we disclose any information to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.California Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceBecause we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceWe are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.This policy was last modified on September 1, 2012
About Us
Who We AreContact US
Customer Care
Ordering DetailsInternational CustomersTerms and ConditionsPublic Performance and Home UsePrivacy Policy
Tools & Resources
Printable(download PDF) CatalogStudy Guides (download PDF)ASHI Resources
Other Stuff
Back Catalog Title ListSpecial Licensing OptionsSpecial Orders and Discount OptionsCalling All Producers
© 2014 Pyramid Films Corp. All Rights ReservedDesign by GRASHA CREATIVE