http://www.actuaries.org.uk/cookie-policy
Skip to content
Main menuHome
Becoming an Actuary
Studying
Learn and develop
Upholding standards
Get involved
News and insights
Search form
Search
User login
Username *
Password *
Request new password
You are hereHome
Cookie policy
How cookies are used on our site:
Enabling website functionality
If you have an account with us we need to use cookies to manage the delivery of this.  Cookies will be set to remember you when logged in.  These will expire you close your browser.  These are session cookies and look like this:
SESSe1e6476ea0e77831cfc361a6779f6525
We also use cookies to assist in the delivery of our website and some of its features:
has_js: This cookie tracks whether your browser has Javascript enabled.  It expires when you close your browser.
Drupal.tableDrag.showWeight: This is necessary to ensure pages render correctly on some devices. This expires after 1 year.
Cookie-agreed: This cookie tracks your acceptance of the use of cookies on the site and ensures you will not receive the cookie notification again.  This expires after 2 months.
Measuring website usage and behaviours
Google Universal Analytics
We use Google Universal Analytics to collect information about how you use our site.  We do this to analyse usage and browsing trends and help us make improvements to the site content and user experience.  If you’d rather not have this information recorded it’s possible to opt out of Google Analytics using this online tool.  You can find out more about how Google use your data via their Privacy Policy.
We use Google Analytics to track:
The pages you view
Where you came from (e.g. a search engine)
How long you spend on our website
Your behaviour once on the site (e.g. the pages you visit)
Your geographical location
We don’t use Google Analytics to track your personal data and any analysis we undertake using information from this service will never be used to try and identify who you are.
Google Analytics sets the following cookies:
_ga: This cookie assigns a random number to identify a browsing session for the purposes of tracking website usage.  It expires after 2 years.
_gid: This cookie assigns a value to each page to assist with tracking site usage.  It expires after 24 hours.
_gat_UA_: This cookie manages page request rate.  It expires after 10 minutes.
Crazy Egg
We also use Crazy Egg to collect information about how you use our site. We do this to help us make improvements to the site content and user experience. Read Crazy Egg’s Privacy Policy. If you’d like to opt out of the setting of Crazy Egg cookies you can do so on the Crazy Egg website.
We use Crazy Egg to track:
The pages you view
Where you came from (e.g. a search engine)
How long you spend on our website
Your behaviour once on the site (e.g. the pages you visit)
Your geographical location
We don’t use Crazy Egg to track your personal data and, as with Google Analytics, any analysis we undertake using information from this service will never be used to try and identify who you are.
Crazy Egg sets the following cookies:
_ceg.u: This cookie tracks visitors to our site. It expires after 3 months.
_ceg.s: This cookie tracks visitor sessions. It expires after 3 months.
More information
If you’d like to know more about cookies or our approach to managing and maintaining our online services please contact our data protection officer: data.protection@actuaries.org.uk
You can also read our Privacy Policy.