http://www.connerindustries.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyChris Yates2018-10-08T16:44:05-05:00
Privacy Policy
Information Collection
When you browse the Conner Industries Web Site, you may do so anonymously. Personal information is collected on a voluntary basis. Some areas of this Web Site may request that you voluntarily supply us with your personal information, including name, email address, etc., for purposes such as correspondence, site registration, making a purchase, or participating in online surveys.
Conner Industries may also retain electronic communications you send to our customer service representatives, webmaster or other associates. These may be shared only within Conner Industries as a means to continually improve our service to you. Conner Industries tracks information about visits to its Web Site and pages. For example, statistics may be compiled that show the daily number of visitors to a site, the daily requests received for particular files on a site, and what countries those requests come from. These statistics are used to customize our Web Site to better meet your needs and may also be provided to others, but the statistics contain no personal information and will not be used to gather such information. There is a technology called cookies which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a web site. A cookie is a data element that a web site can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your system. This Web Site may use cookies so that we can better serve site users. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Security
Conner Industries places the utmost importance on protecting information transmitted via our Web Site and will take all security precautions to protect all such information in its transmission to this Web Site and its storage and use with the Web Site. However, while Conner Industries will take measures to secure and protect from loss, misuse and alteration any information transmitted by you to this Web Site, Conner Industries does not guarantee or warrant that any use of this Web Site is totally secure.
Information Use
Conner Industries may use the information you give us in order to better serve our customers. Such use shall include, but not be limited to, providing a service, measuring consumer interest in our various products and services and informing users about new products, services and programs. This information may be based on information provided in surveys, information that may indicate purchasing preferences or emails sent to the Conner Industries Web Site. Any lists used to send you product and service offers are developed and managed under strict conditions designed to safeguard the security and privacy of any customer personal information. Conner Industries will use reasonable efforts to address all requests to remove, modify, alter or change any information on any postal mail or email lists upon your request.
Disclosure
Because Conner Industries considers the individual information we maintain to be confidential, our policy is to disclose no personal information gathered on-line to third parties unless release is required by law or is pertinent to judicial or government investigations or proceedings. Conner Industries does not sell, rent, distribute, display or transmit personal information to other organizations.
Become an Industrial Packaging Insider!
Get industry insights & advice sent right to your mailbox!
Go to Top