https://www.treatt.com/legal/privacy-policy
Home
Legal
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Treatt Plc, its subsidiaries and associated companies (collectively "Treatt"), is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This website incorporates privacy controls which affect how Treatt will process your personal data. This Privacy Policy sets out the basis on which any personal data Treatt collects from and about you, or that you provide to Treatt, will be processed by Treatt. The legal basis for this processing is Treatt’s legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
By using this website, you consent to the data practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Collection of your Personal Information
Treatt collects personally identifiable information if you complete a form to register on the website, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number.
You are not obliged to provide us with your personal information.
However, if you do not, we might not be able to carry out the services you have requested of us.
You can opt-out of these offerings at any time by either:
Clicking the relevant ‘unsubscribe’ link at the bottom of each email
Sending an email to admin@treatt.com requesting removal from our distribution list
Treatt also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your postcode, age, gender, preferences, interests and favourites. This information is collected for the purposes of monitoring website usage in order to help Treatt develop this website and our services and Treatt may provide such aggregate information to third parties. These statistics will not include information that can be used to identify any individual.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Treatt. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by Treatt for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of this website. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services. Treatt may use third party IP databases to identify the company you are working for when accessing the website. This technology does not identify individuals, unless:
You are a sole proprietor
You complete a website form, which allows us to match your IP address with your contact details
Treatt does not hold more information than is necessary for the purposes for which Treatt collects it. Treatt does not collect or keep your personal information for any longer than is necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or as required by law.
Use of your Personal Information
Treatt may collect and use your personal information to operate this website and deliver the services you have requested. Treatt may also use your personally identifiable information and data supplied to inform you of other products or services available from Treatt, provide you with information and updates in relation to Treatt’s business, products, promotions, competitions and events
and to contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered. The legal basis for this processing is consent by subscription or permission.
Your data will be securely stored and may also be used to:
Pre-populate subsequent website forms
Customise your website experience
Profile you based upon your usage of the websiteTreatt does not sell, rent or lease the personal information of any party and processes personal information in accordance with relevant data protection laws. Treatt may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Treatt may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Treatt, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. In some cases, this may involve transferring your personal data to other countries (inside and outside the European Economic Area).
To the extent Treatt does share your personal data with a third party, Treatt would only do so if that party has agreed to comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy. By providing any personal data to Treatt, you fully understand and clearly consent to such use and transfers as set out in this Privacy Policy.
Treatt keeps track of the pages users visit within this website, in order to determine what Treatt services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customised content and advertising within Treatt to customers whose behaviour indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Treatt may process any of your personal data where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is Treatts’ legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of Treatts’ legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others. Treatt may also process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is Treatts’ legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of Treats’ business against risks.
You may request a copy of information Treatt hold for you personally, or request that Treatt delete the data held for you personally, by emailing admin@treatt.com. Where a deletion has been requested, Treatt will provide confirmation that your data has been removed from Treatt’s internal systems. Please note Treatt may not be able to delete anonymous data.
Security of your Personal Information
Treatt secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure, employing the most appropriate physical and technical measures. Treatt secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorised access, use or disclosure.
Treatt regularly audit and review data security measures and procedures to ensure compliance with data protection law.
Treatt will use its best endeavours to protect your personal data, however Treatt cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to or from Treatt by means of e-mail and any such transmission is at your own risk.
If you have reason to believe that your interaction with Treatt is no longer secure, please notify admin@treatt.com immediately.
Treatt’s website contains links to other websites of interest. Treatt has no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of third parties. Therefore, Treatt cannot be held responsible for the protection and privacy of any personal data you choose to provide whilst visiting such sites.
You should exercise caution and check the Privacy Policy applicable to the website in question.
Changes to this Statement
Treatt will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect company and customer feedback. Users of the website are solely responsible for reviewing the latest Privacy Statement, which is accessible via the hyperlink within the website. Continued use of the website following a revision of the Privacy Policy will constitute users consent to the revised data practices described in the statement.
Contact Information
Treatt welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Statement. If you believe that Treatt has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Treatt at admin@treatt.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
V2 23.10.20
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookies Statement
T & C (Sales)
T & C (Purchase)
Slavery & Human Trafficking Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct
GRI Standards Index
Statement of Investment Principles
This site uses cookies as described in our Cookies Statement. If you agree to our use of cookies, please continue to use our site.Continue