http://www.wsmech.com/privacy-policy
Facebook
LinkedIn
630.369.6690
Careers
Contact
Search
630-369-6690
About WestsideAbout WestsideOur TeamTestimonialsHVAC ConstructionHVAC ConstructionDesign - BuildValue EngineeringService & MaintenanceCommercial Energy ServicesCommercial HVAC ServicesHVAC Maintenance
Markets
Design Build/ Design Assist
Healthcare
Data Centers & Laboratories
Education
Retail
Manufacturing
Rehab/Retrofit
Hospitality & Entertainment
High End Residences
Tenant/Interiors
Safety
News
Contact
Westside Mechanical Group Privacy Policy
Introduction
This Privacy Policy discloses the policies of www.wsmech.com (the “Website”) and its operator Westside Mechanical Group (collectively “we” or “us”) regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information you submit to us through the Website.
User Consent
By accessing or otherwise using the Website, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into and forms a part of the Website’s terms of service. You expressly consent to the processing and use of your information as described herein.
Types of Information Collected
We collect certain “Personal Information” about you which may include, but is not limited to, information that is personally identifiable such as your name, e-mail address, address, user ID number, credit card information and other associated non-public information. We also collect data that is associated with the foregoing, as well as “Anonymous Information,” which is information that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Information and does not, based on our understanding, permit the identification of individual persons.
Collection of Personal Information
We collect Personal Information you voluntarily submit to us through the Website. It is optional for you to utilize this Website. If you elect to utilize certain aspects of this Website, we may ask you to provide us with certain personal information about yourself, such as your first and last name, mailing address (including zip code), company name, email address and telephone number. When you order products or services, we may also ask you to provide us with your credit card number, expiration date and authentication codes or related information. If you do not provide certain mandatory information for a particular activity that requires it, you will not be permitted to engage in that activity. We may offer contests, sweepstakes or other contests that will require you to sign up and provide additional Personal Information. In that case, we will collect the information provided along with your involvement in such activity. Additionally, we reserve the right to collect any other information that you voluntarily enter, including Personal Information, into any postings, comments, feedback, or forums on the Website.
We may, but are in no way obligated to, provide for referral or tell another programs that allow you to recommend the site or an article to a friend. If you choose to do so, we will ask for your referral’s name and email address. We will automatically send your friend one or more communications with either the product you have purchased or an invitation for him or her to visit the Website. The communication will allow the referral to unsubscribe from further communications. We will collect this information for the sole purpose of sending an invitation to visit the site, sending their product and tracking the success of any referral program. We will also collect your e-mail address and the full content of your e-mail, including attached files, and other information you provide. We may use and display your full name and email address to your referral. Additionally, we use your email address to contact you about the status of your referral.
Collection of Anonymous Information
We use technology to passively collect and store certain anonymous information that is not tied to a specific identified user which may include, but is not limited to your Internet protocol address, browser type and operating system. We, or our authorized third-party representatives may use Cookies and navigational data like Uniform Resource Locators (URL) to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit, the site you immediately came from and the site you immediately go to after accessing the Website. It will also collect data about the use of the Website including what programs, applications, advertisements and terms you searched, viewed or clicked. Should you be directed to any other site from the Website, we are not responsible for the acts of other sites and this Privacy Policy does not apply to that site.
We may engage in remarketing to market our sites across the web. When a user visits our site, a cookie is dropped on the user. Users with this cookie may be targeted across advertising networks to receive relevant advertisements.
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell, trade, rent, or otherwise share for marketing purposes the Personal Information that we collect with any third parties other than third parties working with us.
In general, we use Personal Information you provide to provide you access to the Website and its services, to improve the Website, tailor the features to you and to offer you additional information, opportunities, promotions and functionality from us or the specific advertisers you inquire about on the Website at your request.
Your Personal Information may be disclosed to third-party service providers who work with us to provide some of the services on the Website and to help us communicate with you. Examples include, but are not limited to, sending email, analyzing data, marketing, processing payments (including credit card payments), and providing customer service. We expect our third-party service providers to not to use such information except as necessary to provide the relevant services to us.
We may also share some or all of your Personal Information (other than credit card information) with advertisers about whom you have inquired and/or purchased products from the Website. If you do not want any Personal Information shared with the advertisers, then do not click on their advertisements or purchase their products from the Website.
We also reserve the right to create Anonymous Information records from the Personal Information you provide by excluding information that we believe in good faith prevents it from being directly identified to a specific user such as your name. This would include any comments or feedback you provide us which becomes our property and we reserve the right to use any such material with your Personal Information redacted in perpetuity for any reason we deem appropriate including, but not limited to, marketing and or improvement of the Website, without royalties or compensation to you. Any such Anonymous Information is subject to terms of this Privacy Policy applicable to all Anonymous Information.
We may share some or all of your Personal Information with our affiliated companies that are under a common control, in which case, we will require them to honor this Privacy Policy.
If we go through a business transition such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your Personal Information may be transferred. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and are permitted by this Privacy Policy. The acquirer of any Personal Information through a business transfer will be subject to this Privacy Policy until revised by the acquirer pursuant to this Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information if we believe that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us; or (b) to protect and defend our rights or property, you, or third parties. You consent to us sharing your Personal Information under the circumstances described herein.
Use and Disclosure of Anonymous Information
This Privacy Policy does not limit our use or disclosure of any Anonymous Information in any way, and we reserve the right to use and disclose Anonymous Information to our partners, advertisers and other third parties in our absolute discretion.
The Ability of Others to View Your Information
When you use the Website, certain information you post or provide on the publicly available portions of the Website, may become publicly available and may be collected and used by others, including people outside of the control of the Website. We have no obligations with respect to any information that you post to publicly available parts of the Website.
Third Party Sites and Advertising
The Website may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites and this Privacy Policy does not apply to any other sites. We make no representation regarding the privacy practices of any other sites regardless whether we advertise on those sites or provide a link to those sites from our Website.
Ability to Unsubscribe
Should you receive a promotional email from us, you may “opt-out” of receiving additional promotional email communications from us by following the unsubscribe instructions on the emails. You may also contact us directly at nliddy@wsmech.com. This applies to promotional communications and not administrative communications we feel are necessary to provide the services on the Website.
Disclaimer of Guaranty of Security
We believe we have taken reasonable steps to protect your Personal Information. No one can fully guarantee or fully eliminate all risks associated with Personal Information and we make no such guarantees.
Revisions
This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional changes at our discretion. We will post any such changes to this page and may otherwise post other alerts on the Website or communicate such changes through email. If you disagree with any such changes, please cease using the Website. Continued use following the posting of any such changes indicates your acceptance of the changes.
Naperville Office2007 Corporate LaneNaperville, IL 60563Phone: 630.369.6690Fax: 630.369.6691
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
© 2014 - 2020 Westside Mechanical. All Rights Reserved
Contact Us
Name
Email
Phone
Comments