http://www.bantrel.com/privacy-notice
Home
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Privacy Policy
This website is operated by and on behalf of Bantrel Co. - including its affiliates, divisions, business units and subsidiaries ("Bantrel").
This privacy policy applies to personal information Bantrel may collect through this website, and to other information we may collect in the course of our business. It does not apply to personal information relating to Bantrel's own employees.
Bantrel recognizes and respects the privacy of the individuals whose personal information it collects, uses and otherwise processes in the course of its business.
Collection of Your Personal Information
Personal information you provide
Bantrel collects personal information about individuals when specifically, and knowingly provided by such individuals for purposes disclosed or otherwise known to them when they provide their information or for the wider purposes set out below. This includes, for example, voluntary submission of an email address for our news email update list, providing a business card in a meeting, sending us an email which includes personal information about you, providing basic details for building security purposes when you enter Bantrel premises, or allowing us to photograph, film or otherwise record you when you attend an event that we host or sponsor.
Unless we explain otherwise at the time, providing personal information that we request is optional and disclosures are made voluntarily.
Automatic collection of your personal information
We collect certain information by automated means when you visit our premises or websites. In particular:
Our websites log IP addresses, the type of operating system that the visitor’s computer uses, the type of browser software used by the visitor, and the pages accessed by the visitor.
Bantrel uses this data, in aggregated form, to perform statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our visitors and to measure overall user demographics and interests regarding specific areas of the site.
Our website also uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity, and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage for us and our affiliates. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out herein.
Collection of your personal information from third party sources
If you are involved in a business relationship with us, we may also obtain some limited information about you indirectly, for example when your colleagues give us your contact details and information about your role, or from publicly available sources such as the Internet and/or subscription-based services.
Use of Your Personal Information
We may use the information we collect about you for purposes which are made clear to you (or which you already know) when you provide your information or for the following purposes:
Business-related purposes
protecting the security and integrity of our premises, websites and other information technology systems;
responding to and communicating with you about your requests, questions and comments;
managing and developing our relationship with you and the organization that you represent; and
operating, evaluating and improving our business.
Legal and compliance purposes
protecting ourselves and our employees and business counterparties against fraud and other criminal activity, and co-operating with law enforcement and other regulatory agencies;
exercising and defending our legal rights and legal claims made against us; and
complying with our legal and regulatory obligations.
Except as otherwise allowed by this policy, Bantrel will not trade, sell, or rent personal information but may collect, or provide aggregate statistics about its websites and their users to other parties who do not provide services directly to Bantrel.
Except in rare circumstances where Bantrel is required by law to disclose or otherwise process your personal information, Bantrel will only process your personal information as necessary for the purposes explained to you when the information is collected or otherwise set out in this policy. Bantrel will not collect your personal information unless it has concluded that it has a legitimate interest in pursuing the relevant purpose. We may occasionally ask for your consent to allow us to process your personal information – for example, if we wish to use images of you in published materials relating to an event that you attended.
Disclosures
Bantrel entities may share personal information about you between themselves, and they may disclose your personal information to technology and other service providers, including professional advisors, who hold and process the information on their behalf.
Bantrel may also disclose your personal information if it has a good faith belief that this is necessary for the legal and compliance purposes set out above. For these purposes, we may, for example, disclose information about you to courts and litigation counterparties, insurers, the police and other competent governmental authorities.
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy assets. In such transactions, personal information is generally one of the transferred business assets. Also, if either Bantrel itself or substantially all of Bantrel’s assets were acquired, personal information may be one of the transferred assets. Therefore, we may disclose and/or transfer personal information to a third-party purchaser in these circumstances.
Opt Out
If you no longer wish to receive our marketing communications, you may opt out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter.
Retention of Your Personal Information
Bantrel will retain your personal information as follows (or longer if required by law), and will then promptly delete the information:
We retain personal information in accordance with Bantrel's records management policies (unless we delete the information earlier at your request). You may contact Bantrel for more information on record retention periods.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy or our information collection practices, please contact us.
This site uses cookies and other tracking technologies to assist with navigation and your ability to provide feedback, analyse your use of our products and services, assist with our promotional and marketing efforts, and provide content from third parties. View Bantrel Cookie Policy
Accept
Back to Top
Copyright © 2019 Bantrel
Applicant Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Terms & Conditions
Cookie Policy
Why Bantrel
Who We Are
Our History
Our Leadership
Our Community
Innovation
What We Believe
Vision, Values & Covenants
Quality
Health, Safety & Environment
Ethics & Compliance
Diversity & Inclusion
Services
Engineering
Procurement
Construction
Construction Management
Markets
Energy
Refining
Technology Solutions
Upgrading
SAGD/Thermal
Petrochemical
Pipelines & Terminals
LNG
Carbon Mgmt.
U & O
Tailings
Sustaining Capital & Turnarounds
Portfolio Management
Turnarounds
Aging Infastructure
Brownfield Tanks
Mining & Metals
Comminution
Electrometallurgy
Hydrometallurgical Processing
Material Handling
Mineral Processing
Pyrometallurgical Processing
Power & Infrastructure
Power Generation
Substation
Transmission & Distribution
Electrical Asset Management
Rail & Transit
Sustainability
Projects
Careers
Why Bantrel
Who We Hire
Opportunities
Job Fraud Alert
Contractors & Suppliers
Health, Safety and Environment
Quality Compliance
Supplier Quality and Expediting