http://www.readyseal.com/privacy-policy/
Home / Privacy PolicyCONTACT USPrivacy PolicyWe are committed to protecting the privacy and security of the users of our sites.This privacy policy will advise you about how we protect your personal information, and about what choices you have concerning our use of such information. Please read this policy carefully. We may need to change this policy from time to time in order to address new issues and reflect changes on our sites. We will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose that information to anyone. Please refer back to this policy regularly.Our goal in stating our policy on the collection and use of customer data is to ensure the highest level of confidentiality and security. When you provide information to readyseal.com (such as name, address, phone number, company name, or product information requests) we will not give or sell your information to any outside company for its use in marketing or solicitation. We will maintain the confidentiality of your information and it will be used only to support your customer relationship with us. Our internal practices help protect your privacy by limiting employee access to and use of customer data.We collect non-personal identification information through the use of "cookie" technology and/or IP address tracking. Non-personal identification information might include the browser you use, the type of computer, the operating systems, the Internet service providers and other similar information. Our system also automatically gathers information about the areas that you visit on our sites and about the links you may select from within our site to other areas of the World Wide Web or elsewhere online.We use such information in the aggregate to understand how our users as a group use the services and resources provided on our sites. This way we know which areas of our sites are favorites of our users, which areas need improvement, and what technologies are being used so that we may continually improve our sites.We may share this aggregate statistical information with our partners, suppliers and other third parties, but we will not share any individual names, personal navigational or other personal information.At readyseal.com, we help you maintain control over your personal data while fostering the growth of a more interactive online environment. Our intention is to send e-mail only to readyseal.com members or to individuals whom we believe have chosen to receive such e-mails. At any time, you have the right to ’opt out’ of receiving future readyseal.com communications.Our site uses cookies for internal reporting and to help keep track of your buying session. Cookies are a standard Internet technology that allows us to both store and retrieve login information on a user’s system. Most browsers are set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you do so, please note that some parts of the Ready Seal, Inc. Sites, such as message boards, chats, and contests, may not function properly.Readyseal.com supports the work done by on-line industry trade associations in moving this issue forward and the efforts of the Online Privacy Alliance in pulling the business and public interest communities together in a meaningful dialogue.Your Acceptance of These TermsBy using readyseal.com, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use of the readyseal.com site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean that you accept those changes.If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please send an e-mail to: info@readyseal.com