http://www.trailking.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Last updated: September 1, 2015
Trail King Industries, Inc. ("us", "we", or "our") operates the www.trailking.com website (the "Site").
This page informs you of the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the Site, and our policies regarding our collection, use and disclosure of that information.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy").
By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect:
On the Site;
In e-mail, text and other electronic messages between you and the Site; and
Through mobile and desktop applications you download from the Site, which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and the Site.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected by:
us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by us or any third party; or
any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from the Site.
Information About You and How We Collect It. We collect several types of information from and about users of the Site, including information:
by which you may be personally identified, including without limitation, name, postal address, e-mail address, and telephone number ("personal information");
that is about you but individually does not identify you, such as log data and other information collected through automatic data collection technologies and information collected or provided by third party providers (see Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies and Information Collected by Third Party Providers, below); and/or
about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access the Site and usage details.
We collect this information as follows:
Information You Provide to Us. The information we collect on or through the Site may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on the Site.This includes information provided at the time of providing your contact information, posting material, or requesting further services (including, without limitation, literature regarding our products or price quotations). We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with the Site;
Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us;
Details of transactions you carry out through the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through the Site; and/or
Your search queries on the Site.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies.
Log Data. We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit the Site ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of the Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.In addition, we may use third party services that collect, monitor and analyze this type of information in order to increase the Site's functionality. These third party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information.
Cookies and Flash Cookies.Cookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and transferred to your device. We use cookies to collect information in order to improve the Services for you.Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies.You may be able to instruct your browser to refuse cookies or to notify you when a cookie is being sent. The "Help" feature on your web browser may provide information on how to accept cookies, disable cookies or to notify you when receiving a new cookie. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some features of the Site.
Web Beacons. Pages of the Site and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit U.S. for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail] and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Do Not Track DisclosureOur Site does not support a "Do Not Track" feature. "Do Not Track" is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. You may be able to enable or disable "Do Not Track" by visiting the "Preferences" or "Settings" page of your web browser.
Information Collected by Third Party Providers. We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate the Site, to provide the Site on our behalf, to perform Site-related services and/or to assist us in analyzing how the Site is used. These third parties may have access to your personal information only to perform specific tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use your information for any other purpose.
How We Use Your Information. We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present the Site and its contents to you;
To identify and communicate with you;
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us;
To respond to your requests and inquiries;
To service your purchase orders;
To help improve the Services to you, including the functionality of the Site;
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection;
To notify you about changes to the Site or any products or services we offer or provide though it;
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information; and/or
For any other purpose with your consent.
Disclosure of Your Information.
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this Privacy Policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates;
To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business and that are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them;
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about the Site users is among the assets transferred;
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it;
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information; and/or
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request;
To enforce or apply our Terms of Use for the Site (available at www.trailking.com/terms-of- use), and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes; or
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our customers or others.
Security.
The security of your information is important to us, and we strive to implement and maintain commercially reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information, including personal information, we store, in order to protect it from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. However, please be aware that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure, and we are unable to guarantee the absolute security of the information, including personal information, we have collected from you. Any transmission of information, including personal information, is at your own risk.
International Transfer.
We do not transfer information we have received from you outside the United States of America. However, in the process of your transfer of your information to our Site, your information, including personal information, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction. If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the information, including personal information, to United States of America and process it in the United States of America. Your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Links To Other Sites.
The Site may contain links to other websites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's website. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every website you visit. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party's website or services.
Children's Privacy.
Only persons age 18 or older have permission to access the Site. The Site does not address anyone under the age of 13 (a "Child" or "Children).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from Children. If you are a parent or guardian and you learn that your Child has provided us with personally identifiable information, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected personal information from a Child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will take commercially reasonable steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of September 1, 2015, and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the Site's home page. The date the Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for periodically visiting our Site and this Privacy Policy to check for any changes.
Contact Us.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.