https://www.tikisurf.co.uk/privacyinfo/
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on this website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient’s address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name
Address
Phone Number
The Information We DO NOT Collect: Credit/Debit Card Information
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide us with about the third party when placing an order. To ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to process the order.
We offer gift-cards by which you can personalise a product you order for another person. Information you provide to us to create a gift-card is only used for that purpose, and it is only disclosed to the person receiving the gift.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register on line at our website if you would like to receive our catalogue as well as updates on our new products and services available to you. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to improve design on our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a particular area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by calling us or sending us an email. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact us
Tiki Surf Shop
Tiki Surf Shop Mail Order
Caen Street
Caen Street
Braunton
Braunton
North Devon
North Devon
EX33 1AA
EX33 1AA
ENGLAND
ENGLAND
Tel:  +44 (0) 1271 816070
+44 (0) 1271 815757
Fax: +44 (0) 1271 817202
+44 (0) 1271 817202
E-mail info@tikisurf.co.uk
orders@tikisurf.co.uk
Head Office and Showroom
Tiki International Plastics Ltd
Velator Industrial Estate
Braunton
North Devon
EX33 2DX
ENGLAND
Tel:  +44 (0) 1271 812442
Fax: +44 (0) 1271 816570
For any trade enquiries please phone: +44 (0) 1271 812442
Registered in England and Wales No. 984838
VAT No. GB 153 0598 7
Mail Order - Click & Collect
01271 815757
Mail Order - Click & Collect
01271 815757
Mon–Fri 9.30am to 4.30pm Closed Sat & Sun
info@tikisurf.co.uk
Retail Shop
01271 816070
Caen St, Braunton EX33 1AA Mon-Sat 9.30am to 4.30pmSundays 10am-4pm
info@tikisurf.co.uk
Surfboards
Shop by brand
All Surfboards
Tiki Custom Surfboards
CJ Nelson Surfboards
Guy Takayama Surfboards
Tiki Kore Surfboards
Tiki Experience Surfboards
Tiki PU Surfboards
Torq ACT Surfboards
Torq TEC Surfboards
Channel Islands X-LITE
Torq TET Surfboards
Torq TET-CS Surfboards
Torq Soft Surfboards
NSP Surfboards
Aloha Surfboards
More Brands
Chilli Surfboards
DVS Surfboards
Emery Surfboards
Kailua Surfboards
LSD Surfboards
Oxygen Surfboards
Hot Buttered Surfboards
South Point Surfboards
Vampirate Surfboards
Walden Surfboards
Wilde Surfboards
Stacey Surfboards
Agency Surfboards
Shop by Style
Soft Boards
Beginner
Fish
Funboard
Hybrid
Minimal
Shortboard
Longboard
Tiki SLX Surfboard Clearance
Sale Surfboards
Secondhand Surfboards
Surfboard Pack Deals
Wetsuits
Shop by category
All Wetsuits
Mens Winter Wetsuits
Mens Summer Wetsuits
Ladies Winter Wetsuits
Ladies Summer Wetsuits
Kids Winter Wetsuits
Kids Summer Wetsuits
Wetsuit Jackets
Wetsuit Hoods
Rash Vests
Thermal
Wetsuit Gloves
Wetsuit Shorts
Wetsuit Sox
Wetsuit Boots
Shop by Brand
Tiki
O’Neill
Ripcurl
Patagonia
Sale Wetsuits
Bodyboards
Shop by brand
All Bodyboard/Bodysurf
Hot Buttered
Mike Stewart
NMD
Vs
Atunas
Bodysurf
Surf Mat
Swimfins
Bodyboard Accessories
SUP
Shop by brand
All SUP
Tiki SUP Boards
Surf Series SUP Boards
Inflatable SUP
SUP Accessories
Hardware Accessories
Shop by category
All Accessories
Mugs
Wax
Tail Pads
Dry Robes
Tools & Kits
Hooded Towels
Surfboard Fins
Surfboard Bags
Wetsuit Cleaners
Wetsuit Bags
Surfboard Leashes
Roof Racks & Straps
SUP Accessories
Bodyboard Accessories
Seat Covers
Sale
Shop by category
Sale Surfboards
Sale Wetsuits
Sale Hardware Accessories
Sale Mens Clothing
Sale Ladies Clothing
Sale Kids Clothing
Vouchers
Login / Register
About this shop Tiki is a British company that started making surfboards in the early 1960’s.
Now, with over 50 years’ experience in the surf industry, we are not only one of the longest running surf companies in Europe, we are also one of the biggest.
All our Tiki products are available in our online shop, along with a huge selection from some of the world’s leading surf and lifestyle brands.