http://www.archiveontario.com/utility/legal/privacy-policy
Skip to content
×
CUSTOMER SERVICE ADVISORY - Coronavirus (COVID-19)
Due to regional impact regarding COVID-19, we have limited agents available to respond to inquiries via 1-800-899-4766. When possible, please use ironmountain.com and Iron Mountain Connect™ to reach us. You can also send inquiries to askcustomerservice@ironmountain.com. Also, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, governmental actions and related circumstances beyond our control, we’re making the following modifications to our pickup and delivery services. This change applies to Records Management customers. Please view the infographic for more information.
Learn More About Actions We Are Taking And How We Can Help
We're here for you
We know our customers are being impacted by Covid-19, just as we are, and we commit to working together with them on innovative solutions as we navigate through this together.
Learn How We Can Help
Office Space Transformation
Limit contact in workplaces by making more room for employees, visitors and vendors to keep a safe social distance. Enable office reconfiguration and closures through packing, distribution and storage options.
Learn More
Remote Workforce
With an influx of remote workers, employees need more support and services in core areas: data security, data protection and assistance in digital delivery of essential information, including mailrooms - regardless of whether those files or records are stored on or offsite. We’ve got you covered.
Learn More
Operational Continuity and Acceleration
Operational resilience is your organization’s ability to withstand - and recover from - disruptions.
Learn More
Limited Time Colocation Offer
The space, power & connectivity you want, backed by the support, sustainability & compliance you need. All at a price you can’t afford to miss!
Act Now
Previous slide
Next slide
×
We continue to stand in solidarity with the Black community. Right now, we’re looking at ourselves in the mirror, doing our part to address our unconscious biases and drive sustainable, systemic change inside the Mountain. For us, this is more than a moment. We’re committed to the movement.
We Protect What You Value Most®
From the everyday to the extraordinary, you can rely on us to store and secure what matters most to you.
Contact Us
Iron Mountain InSight®
Mine your data to uncover new revenue stream opportunities and cost savings by combining our expertise with Google Cloud’s ML and AI capabilities.
Learn More
Colocation & Data Centers
Colocate with confidence when you launch, upgrade, consolidate or migrate your data centers to one of our compliant, highly secure locations.
Learn More
Secure Shredding
Choose from onsite, offsite or one-time secure shredding options to destruct your paper documents in a secure, convenient and environmentally friendly way.
Learn More
Online Portal
Track & locate records quickly
50+ Countries
Iron Mountain is worldwide
24,000 Professionals
Protecting your information
95% of Fortune 1000
trust Iron Mountain
Over 230,000 customers and trusted by over 95% of fortune 1000
"We were looking for a leading-edge, forward-thinking company that understood the goals we wanted to achieve. And that’s what we’ve found with Iron Mountain, a partner that knew how to protect and preserve our content and help us make it fan friendly."
Tim Harris
SVP, Chief Operating Officer
L.A. Lakers
L.A. Lakers Success Story
“Some people were nervous about losing sight of the paperwork, but even when the processing had barely started we were able to retrieve documents within 24 hours.”
ALBERTO UTTRANADHIE MARTÍN
Documentation Officer
Hispasat
HISPASAT Success Story
Drive Actionable Insights for Your Business with Iron Mountain and Google Cloud
Learn More
Learn More
Does your small business have a paper problem?
Learn How to Beat Paper
Learn How to Beat Paper
News & Events
Press Releases & More
View All Events
Previous
Next