http://www.easyclosets.com/help/privacy-policy/
Spaces
Closet
Pantry
Laundry
More Spaces
Garage
Gallery
Product Features
Why Easyclosets?
Tips & Ideas
Installation
Get A Free Design Plan
or call 1.800.910.0129
Help
SHIPPING INFORMATION
WARRANTY
POLICIES
FAQ
INSTALLATION
GIFT CERTIFICATES
CONTACT US
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") tells you how EasyClosets ("EasyClosets," "we," or "our") collects, uses, shares, and protects information about our consumers ("you"). It also tells you how you can access and update your information and make certain choices about how your information is used. This Policy covers both our online and offline data collection activities, including information that we may collect through our various websites and applications and offline programs and events. By using our website or application or by otherwise giving us your information, you agree to this Policy. If you do not agree to this Policy, you must not use our website or application or give us any of your information.
If we change the way we handle your information, we will update this Policy. For material changes, we will provide a prominent notice at the site or email you at the address you have provided prior to the change becoming effective. We reserve the right to make changes to our practices and this Policy at any time, provided that we follow the procedures above.
1. What does this Privacy Policy apply to?
This Privacy Policy applies to information that we collect from or about our consumers through the methods described below. This Policy does NOT apply to information collected by our parent company or joint venture partners.
Please note we may combine information that we collect via one method (e.g., our website) with information that we collect via another method (e.g., an offline event). We do this to get a more complete view of our consumers, which, in turn, allows us to serve you better and with more customization.
Our websites
This refers to any consumer-directed websites operated by us, including sites that we operate under our own domains/URLs and sites that we run on third party social networks such as Facebook. This Policy will only apply to the site if it provides a direct link to this page.
Call Center Registrations
This refers to information that we may collect from consumers through our call center, for example if you call us with a question or comment or to sign up for marketing communications over the phone.
Data from other sources
This refers to information we may obtain about you from other sources. For example, we may hire a third party data aggregator to provide us additional information about our existing consumers (this is known as "data appending"). We may also receive information from third party co-sponsors who we may occasionally partner with to run special contests or other promotions. We may also receive information about consumers when we acquire other companies.
2. What information do we collect?
Depending on how you interact with us (online, offline, over the phone, etc.), we may collect from you various types of information, as described below. In some instances (and unless we say otherwise below), we may combine one type of information with another type of information, and store them together in our records. We strive to limit the amount of information we collect and store to that which is reasonably necessary to provide you the relevant services. We generally store your information for as long as your account is active with us or as needed to provide you the relevant services. We may store your information for a longer period of time to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, or for records management purposes.
Personal contact info
This includes any information that would allow us to personally contact you, such as your name, home or mailing address, phone number (home, cell, etc.), or email address. In some cases, this could include information that you give us about someone else (for example, if you provide a friend's email address for a tell-a-friend program). We typically collect personal contact information in connection with a variety of activities, including general website registration, newsletter sign-up, website community features, online purchases, customer service inquiries, contests and other promotions, and consumer surveys. If you create an account with us, your personal contact information may be stored under your account profile.
Account login info
This refers to any information that is required for you to establish a unique account with us or for us to give you access to your specific account profile. Examples may include your email address, screen name, password, and/or security question and answer. We only collect unique login information for those activities that require an account, such as general website registration, newsletter sign-up, and website community features. Your login information, especially your password, should be kept confidential and never shared with anyone else. To change your login email address or password, log in to the relevant edit account section of our site (if available) or contact Consumer Services.
Demographic info
This includes any information that describes your demographic or psychographic characteristics. Examples may include your date of birth, age or age range, gender, geographic location (e.g., zip code, city and state, mobile location), favorite products, hobbies and interests, and household or lifestyle information. We typically collect demographic information in connection with a variety of activities, including general website registration, newsletter sign-up, website community registration, contests and other promotions, and consumer surveys. If you create an account with us, you may be allowed to modify certain demographic information stored under your account. To do so, log in to the relevant edit account section of our site (if available) or contact Consumer Services. For demographic information stored under your profile on a third party social network (e.g., Facebook), see separate paragraph on "Social network info."
Technical computer info
This includes any information about the computer system or other technological device that you may be using to access our website. We typically collect this information through automated technologies such as cookies and web beacons. Examples of technical computer information may include your computer's IP address, operating system type, and web browser type. If you access our website via a mobile device such as a smartphone, the collected information may also include your phone's unique device ID, geo-location, and other similar mobile device data. Technical computer information may be linked to your personal contact information.
Website usage info
This includes information about how you use and navigate our website, including which links you click on, which pages or content you view and for how long, and other similar information and statistics about your interactions with our website (e.g., date and time of visit, site activities, etc.). This information is captured using automated technologies such as browser cookies and web beacons, and may also be collected through the use of third party tracking services (such as Google Analytics) that collect data in aggregate (such as number of visits to a particular page, or the amount of time spent on a web site). We may also use these technologies, such as web beacons, to capture information about how users respond to certain email campaigns (e.g., time the email is opened, where user links to from the email, etc.). Website usage information may be linked to your personal contact information for web site personalization and marketing purposes.
Consumer feedback
This includes information that you voluntarily share with us about your experience in using our products and services, including our websites and applications. Examples may include unsolicited comments and suggestions, testimonials, or other questions or feedback related to our products. We typically collect this information in the form of consumer surveys, consumer panels, contact forms, and email correspondence.
Consumer-generated content
This refers to any content that you create and then share with us (and perhaps others) by uploading it to one of our websites or applications, including one of our Facebook sites. Examples may include photos, videos, personal stories, or other similar media or content. We may collect and publish consumer-generated content in connection with a variety of activities, including contests and other promotions, website community features, consumer engagement, and third party social networking.
Social network info
This refers to any information that is part of your profile on a third party social network (such as Facebook) and that you allow the third party social network to share with us. Examples include your basic account information (e.g., name, email address, gender, birthday, current city, profile picture, user ID, list of friends, etc.) and any other additional information or activities that you permit the third party social network to share with third party application developers. For example, we may receive your social network profile information (or parts of it) every time you download or interact with our web application on a social network such as Facebook or every time you use a social networking feature that is integrated within one of our sites (such as Facebook Connect). To learn more about how your information from a third party social network may be obtained by us (or other third party application developers), please visit the website of the relevant social network.
Payment info
This includes any information that you use to make a purchase, such as your credit card details (cardholder name, card number, expiration date, etc.) or other forms of payment (if such are made available). This also includes the billing name and address associated with your form of payment. If you create an account with us when making a purchase, your payment information may be stored under your account profile. To review or edit this information, log in to the relevant edit account section of our site (if one is available) or contact the customer service department listed at the relevant store website.
Other info
This refers to any other information that we might need to collect for a specific form, feature, or other service that you use or request. What this information includes will vary depending on the method of collection and the specific purpose(s) for which the information is being collected. Please see Section 3 ("How do we use your information?") for more specific examples.
3. How do we use your information?
The following paragraphs describe the various purposes and features for which we might collect and use your information, and the different types of information that might be collected for each. Please note that not all of the uses below will be relevant to every consumer.
Account maintenance
We may use your information to maintain your accounts with us, including administering any consumer loyalty or rewards programs that are associated with your account. This typically involves the use of information that was originally collected to set up your account (e.g., personal contact information, payment information, account login information, demographic information, etc.).
Customer service
We may collect and use your information to provide you customer service, including responses to your inquiries. This typically requires the collection and use of certain personal contact information (such as your name or email address) and information regarding the reason for your inquiry (e.g., order status, technical issue, product question/complaint, general question, etc.). Customer service may be provided through various forms of communication, including email correspondence, call center support, and live online chat features.
Product improvement and customization
We may collect and use your information so we can constantly improve our products, tailor them to your needs, and come up with new product ideas. This mostly involves the collection and use of demographic information and consumer feedback.
Consumer engagement
We may collect and use your information to get you more actively engaged with our products and services (including our websites and applications), thereby increasing overall brand engagement and awareness. This mostly involves the collection, use, and publication of consumer-generated content.
Contests and other promotions
We may collect and use your information to administer a contest, sweepstakes, giveaway, competition, or other similar marketing campaign or promotion. These events typically require the collection and use of personal contact information (for prize fulfillment), demographic information (for eligibility determination), and, in some instances, consumer-generated content. Some of our promotions may be run on third party social networks such as Facebook (for example, on our Facebook fan pages). To comply with legal requirements, we may publish or share a limited amount of information (such as name and city of residence) about the winners of a particular promotion. For more information about our contests and other promotions, please see the official rules or details posted with each promotion.
Marketing communications
We may collect and use your information to send you marketing communications, such as email communications, SMS text messages, and postal mailings. Please note that if you choose to receive SMS text messages, your plan fees for messaging will apply. These communications will keep you up-to-date on the latest news, events, special offers, and promotions from our brands of interest to you. On occasion, these communications may also introduce you to other brands and inform you about offers and promotions from other third party companies. Sending you marketing communications mostly requires the collection and use of certain personal contact information and demographic information. In some instances (such as for mobile apps and text messaging programs), this could involve the use of your precise geo-location, which may allow us to send you location-based offers and promotions.
You can always opt-out from receiving marketing-related email communications or text messages by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in each such communication. If you have an account with us, you may be given the option to change your communication preferences under the relevant edit-account section of our site (if available) or by contacting Consumer Services. Please note that even if you opt out from receiving marketing communications, you may still receive administrative communications from us, such as order confirmations, notifications about your account activities (e.g., account confirmations, password changes, etc.), and other important announcements.
Also, please note that if you participated in a promotion that involved a third party company, and, as part of that promotion, you agreed to receive future marketing communications directly from that third party, you will need to contact the third party (not us) to opt-out from such communications. This process may be outlined in the third party's privacy policy.
Third party social networking
We may collect and use your information when you interact with third party social networking features such as "Facebook Connect" or "Facebook Like". These features may be integrated in our sites or applications for the purposes of running contests, allowing you to share content with friends, or other stated purposes. If you use these features, we may have the ability to obtain certain information about you from your social networking profile (see "Social network information" under Section 2 of this Policy). You can learn more about how these features work, and the profile data we may obtain about you, by visiting the website of the relevant third party social network.
Website improvement and personalization
We may collect and use your information as well as match information in cookies to your personal contact information to improve and personalize your experience on our websites and applications. This is typically done through automated technologies (such as cookies) that collect and remember certain account login information, technical information, and/or previous website usage information. For example, we might remember your email address or screen name so you can quickly login the next time you visit our site or so you can easily retrieve the items you previously placed in your shopping cart. Website usage information may be linked to your personal contact information for web site personalization and marketing purposes. Based on this type of information, we may also show you specific content or promotions that are tailored to your interests.
Website community features
We may collect and use your information to give you access to website community features, including features that may allow you to upload and share pictures, videos, artwork, or other messages or content. This typically involves the collection, use, and (in some instances) public display of certain personal contact information, account login information, demographic information, and/or consumer-generated content. Because these features are "communal" in nature, information or content that you post in these areas may be visible to others. Please use caution when using these features or uploading content to any of our sites. For some community features, we may give you the ability to control whether some parts of your profile can be seen by others. To access these settings, log in to the relevant edit account section of our site (if one is available) and access your community profile. For website community features that have social networking integration (such as "Facebook Connect"), see separate paragraph on "Third party social networking."
Website viral features
We may request and use your information so you can use website viral features, such as our tell-a-friend features. These features allow you to easily share certain news about our company, product information, promotions, wish list items, or other content with family members and friends. These features typically require the collection and use of personal contact information (such as names and email addresses) so that the selected one-time message or content can be delivered to the proper recipients. In most cases, we do not retain the information provided. In some cases (for example, as part of a refer-a-friend program), we may store the information so we can track and reward consumers for their successful referrals. For tell-a-friend or other viral features administered by third party social networks (such as Facebook's "Share" and "Like" features), please refer to the website of the relevant social network for additional information.
Order fulfillment
We may collect and use your information to process and ship your orders, and to inform you about the status of your orders. This could involve the collection and use of certain personal contact information, payment information, account login information, and/or other information related to your purchase (such as products ordered). This could also involve the ongoing storage of your payment information to allow for easier checkout on future purchases.
Other general purposes
We may collect and use your information for other general business purposes, such as to maintain the day-to-day operation and security of our websites and applications and to conduct internal marketing and demographic studies. These activities mostly require the collection and use of certain demographic information, technical computer information, website usage information, and consumer feedback.
4. With whom do we share your information?
We may share your information with the types of companies or in the situations described below. We do not rent or sell your information to third party companies for their own commercial use.
Agents and contractors
These are outside companies, agencies, or contractors that we hire to help us run our business (e.g., fulfill orders, operate our websites, run promotions, provide website development, operate our call center, etc.). The information shared with our agents and contractors could include personal contact information, payment information, demographic information, or other types of information depending on the services being provided, and may require that we transfer your information to locations outside the United States. Agents and contractors are only allowed to access and use your information for the specific tasks they've been hired to do and are required to keep your information confidential and secure.
Joint sponsors and other partners
These are outside third party companies who we occasionally partner with to run joint promotions or offer you separate third party promotions. The information shared with these third party companies will vary depending on the promotion, and may be used by them for their own separate marketing purposes. If any of your personal contact information will be collected by or shared with a third party partner for its own marketing purposes, we will notify you at the time of information collection and give you the opportunity to opt-in or out of the sharing, as the case may be. For online promotions, we may also provide you a link to the third party's privacy policy.
Legal disclosures
This is when we may need to share your information for law enforcement or other legal-related purposes. This may be necessary in connection with a lawsuit, claim or investigation, governmental inquiry, court order, enforcement of legal rights (e.g., contract terms, intellectual property rights, etc.), safety issue, or other similar legal or security matter. Sharing your information for these reasons is not a regular event, but could arise from time to time. We strive to limit the types and amount of information we share for legal-related purposes to that which is reasonably necessary.
Business transfers
We may share (or receive) information about you, including personal contact information, in the event of an acquisition, merger, sale, corporate reorganization, bankruptcy proceeding, or other similar event that involves us. If such an event occurs, we will take reasonable steps to require that your information be handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy, unless it is not practical or permissible to do so.
5. How can you opt out and review your information?
You can always opt-out from receiving marketing-related email communications or text messages by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in each such communication. Please read our Marketing communications section for limitations on certain administrative communications, order confirmations, and account notifications.
Many of our sites have a "your account or "your profile" feature where you may review and edit the information you have provided and you may be given the option to change your communication preferences, including opting out. If an edit account or profile feature is not available or you otherwise desire to access, edit, or remove your information, contact Consumer Services and we will respond to your access request within 30 days.
6. How do we protect your information?
We use a variety of standard methods (described below) to keep consumer information confidential and secure. Please note, however, that these protections do not apply to information you choose to share in public areas such as our website community features or other social areas.
Secure operating environments
We store your information in secure operating environments that are protected from the public and that we only allow our authorized employees and agents/contractors to access on a need-to-know basis. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect personal information; however, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Encryption for payment info
We use industry-standard encryption to provide greater protection for sensitive financial information, such as credit card information, sent to us over the web. For example, encryption is used when you make payments through our online stores. Please note, however, that there are many independent e-commerce sites that sell our products but that are not controlled or operated by us. Because these sites may have different practices than we do, we recommend that you read their privacy policies before making any purchases.
Prior authentication for account access
We require our registered consumers to verify their identity (e.g., email address, password) before they can access or make changes to their account information. This helps prevent unauthorized access to your account.
Measures we expect you to take
It is important for you to also play a role in keeping your information safe and secure. When signing up for an online account, please be sure to choose an account password that is hard for others to guess and never reveal your password to anyone else. If you use a shared or public computer, never choose to have your email address or password remembered and make sure to log out of your account every time you leave the computer. You should also make use of any privacy settings or controls we may provide you in our website community areas.
7. Other important information
This section provides additional information that is important for you to know about this Policy or our practices.
This policy applies to consumers only
This Policy applies only to our collection and use of information from consumers, using the methods described under Section 1 of this Policy. It does not apply to our business customers (e.g., retailers, distributors, etc.). It also does not apply to information we might collect and use for employment-related purposes (e.g., resumes, job applications, etc.) or business-to-business related purposes (e.g., media inquiries, investor relations, etc.).
We do not knowingly collect info from children
We do not solicit or collect any type of information from a person that we know is under the age of 13. If we discover that we've accidentally collected information from a child, we will attempt to remove that child's information from our records as soon as feasibly possible.
We are not responsible for third party sites/features
Our websites and applications may provide links to, or features from, other third party sites (such as independent e-commerce sites and third party social networks). If you link to or use such third party sites or features, you do so at your own risk. We do not control and are not responsible for the content or practices of any third party site, application, or feature.
8. Your California Privacy Rights
Shine the Light
Under California’s "Shine the Light" law, if you are a California resident, you have the right to ask us once a year if we have shared your personal information with third parties for direct marketing purposes. To make a request please contact us as instructed in the “Contact Information” section below and specify you are making a Shine the Light request.
California Consumer Privacy Act
The California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA") creates consumer privacy rights and requires businesses to make disclosures about their privacy policies and practices.
Categories of Personal Information Collected. In the last twelve months we have collected the following categories of personal information: identifiers (like name, email, phone number and address); occupation, professional, or employment-related information for those interested in becoming an authorized reseller of our products; financial information to process payments; commercial information related to your purchases; Internet or other electronic network activity information; geolocation data; and inferences drawn from the previously mentioned categories to create a profile about an individual. For more detailed examples of the data points we collect, please see the "What Information Do We Collect?" section above.
Sources of Personal Information. We have collected the information described above: from you directly, passively when you visit our website or view our electronic communications, and from third parties such as our clients and business partners. For more information, please see the "What Information Do We Collect?" section above.
Categories of Personal Information Disclosed & Third Parties With Whom We Share This Information. We do not sell your personal information, but we may disclose it to third parties for our business purposes. In the past twelve months, we have disclosed identifiers and financial information to our third party payment processors to process transactions. We have also disclosed identifiers to our independent dealer partners if you have requested a consultation. Finally, we have disclosed Internet and other electronic activity information to third party marketing and analytics service providers. For more information about the personal information we share, please see the "With Whom Do We Share Your Information?" section above.
Your Rights. The CCPA gives you the following rights regarding your personal information:
Right to Know. You may request no more than twice in a 12-month period that we provide you with copies of specific personal information we have collected, sold, or disclosed about you. However, under California law, we cannot provide you with certain sensitive information, despite your request (for example, we will not send you copies of your social security number even if it is something we collected).
Right to Delete. You may request that we delete certain personal information we have collected about you, with certain exceptions.
Exercising Your CCPA Rights. To exercise your rights above, please contact us using one of the methods set forth in the “Contact Information” section below. Please describe your request with sufficient detail, specify which right you are exercising, and be prepared to provide your name and email address so that we can properly respond to your request. We may ask for additional information to verify your identity. The information you provide in your request and any follow up information we ask for from you will be used solely to verify your request.
After receiving your request, we may need to contact you for further information and will notify you if your request has been granted or declined, or if an exception applies to your request. Only you or an individual designated as your authorized agent to act on your behalf may make a request related to your personal information.
We may not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise your rights.
We will try to respond to your request within 45 days. If we need more time, we will contact you with the reason we need more time and the extension period. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. In response to your request to know, we will only disclose the information we have collected in the 12 months prior to our receipt of your request. Our response will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with any request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless your request is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate prior to completing your request.
9. Contact information
If you have any questions about this Policy, our practices, or your experience, please contact us at the postal address, phone number or email address listed below.
EasyClosets
130 Central Ave
Holland, Michigan 49424
Email: Updates@EasyClosets.com
Phone: 616-399-3311
This policy was last updated: March 5, 2020
Choose Your Space & Get a Free Design
Closet
Pantry
Laundry
Garage
Other Space
Get Free Design
By using our site, you consent to the use of cookies to enhance and customize content. For details about the information we collect and how we use it, please view our privacy policy.
OK
×
SEND PROPOSAL TO
ORDER_EMAIL
Sending a proposal to this homeowner will allow them to view and edit the designs in their
EasyClosets account. Any additional recipients will be given "Read Only" access to the designs included in this proposal.
SEND
or
Send to Multiple People
PROPOSAL SENT SUCCESSFULLY
Proposal #
ORDER_ID
sent to
ORDER_EMAIL
OK
×
Ready to start designing?
If you want to save your project and request a free design review, you will need to create an account.
FIRST NAME:
*EMAIL ADDRESS:
PHONE NUMBER:
Talk with a designer about your project to receive a personalized design. The design process is interactive, fun, and free.
*CREATE PASSWORD:
You can skip the signup for now, and get an instant price estimate.
CREATE ACCOUNT
Loading...
SKIP FOR NOW
Already have an account?
LOGIN