https://www.lbmc.com/services/security-risk/it-assurance/privacy/
Services & Solutions / Information Security / IT Assurance Services / Privacy Regulations
Privacy Regulations
Data protection regulations apply to all companies processing and holding personal data. At LBMC Information Security, we want to make sure your organization is prepared. Many U.S. companies have questions about how these regulations impact them, especially pertaining to the types of personal data they store. This is especially relevant with the recent passage of the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), known by some as the American version of the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We can help answer questions on GDPR or CCPA and offer guidance to keep you in compliance.
View Service Flyer (PDF)
Worry less and focus more on what matters.
Let us assist you.
Get a Quote!
GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) Compliance Solutions
GDPR applies to all companies processing and holding personal data of data subjects residing in the EU, regardless of the company’s location. The enforcement date began on May 25, 2018, and because GDPR is the most important change in international data privacy regulation in 20 years, we want to make sure your organization is prepared. Many U.S. organizations have questions about how GDPR impacts them, especially pertaining to the types of personal data they have, how the GDPR defines personal data, and the new protection laws against that personal data.
LBMC Information Security can help you answer these questions, determine if your organization is a controller or processor under GDPR (or both), decide whether you need to assign a Data Privacy Officer, and understand how GDPR can impact your organization even outside of the European Union (CCPA).
Our compliance and audit experts can help your organization with GDPR compliance in the following ways:
GDPR Applicability Analysis—LBMC Information Security can help your organization understand if GDPR applies. We will gain an understanding of your environment, your legitimate purpose in retaining personal data, and how you interact with EU citizens. This will involve a review of current data flows and interviews with key stakeholders.
GDPR Readiness—A readiness assessment takes a deeper dive into how your organization is classified under GDPR. LBMC Information Security will assist you in determining if you are a data controller or a data processor and walk you through determining which legal basis for processing personal data best fits your company. Once this groundwork is laid, we can find the impact of GDPR on an organization through understanding the current privacy maturity and data flows across an organization. We can also help you develop a list of GDPR compliance action items that should be taken, including defining whether your organization is a controller, processor, or both. We will identify key stakeholders and data flows, assess contractual obligations, and implement GDPR into compliance program initiatives.
Data Analysis and Classification—Our team can help your organization define and establish a data classification and labeling system, as well as review any existing data classification policies to ensure the protection of personal data as defined by GDPR to map out an ongoing compliance strategy. By conducting an inventory of sensitive data types and performing an analysis of information and inventory of data, we can then help you implement the appropriate controls to ensure GDPR compliance.
Featured Blog Posts
June 20, 2018
GDPR and Member States: What You Should Know
By:
Caryn Woolley
Read Post
May 4, 2018
Why the GDPR Should be on Your Radar
By:
Caryn Woolley
Read Post
April 27, 2018
How Data Governance Drives GDPR Compliance
By:
Caryn Woolley
Read Post
Executive Team
Link to Drew Privacy Regulations
Drew Hendrickson
Shareholder, Information Security
Nashville
Nashville
Call Us at (844) 526-2732!
Not a big talker? Send us a note.
Contact Us
Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to monitor site performance and analytics to improve your online experience. By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies as outlined in our privacy policy. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.