http://www.pabcoroofing.com/legal/privacy-policy
PRIVACY POLICY
At Pacific Coast Building Products, Inc and its family of companies (PCBP), we understand the concern for the security of your personal information. We use the information collected to provide you with a personalized experience. We also use information gathered to send newsletters about PCBP and our divisions from time to time. Our newsletters are opt-in and users may opt-out of future mailings by following the instructions to unsubscribe.We have created this privacy policy in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to Internet privacy. This policy describes the means by which PCBP gathers information and how that information is used. The areas covered in this policy are as follows:- User Profile Information- Product Information- Survey Information- Use of Cookies- Definition of a CookieUser Profile InformationWe use registration information (name, address, phone numbers, etc.) to provide our customers with newsletters from PCBP or its divisions. This is an opt-in service, which can be discontinued at any time. PCBP does not sell, share or distribute in any way the information with anyone outside PCBP, Inc.Product InformationPCBP contains information on a wide variety of products and services. We also provide links to customers, associations and manufacturer sites for additional information on their products and services. While we try to ensure that these sites adhere to a privacy policy that is consistent with this policy, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of other websites and do not make any representations regarding how such sites use customer information.Survey InformationWe may on occasion seek information about our customer base via electronic or print surveys. Participation is optional. Survey contact information (name, email address, etc.) is used to request more information in relation to the survey when necessary. We also use contact information to send out personalized and/or targeted promotional material on PCBP or its divisions on an opt-in basis. Survey participants may opt-out of future mailings by following the instructions. PCBP does not sell, share or distribute in any way the information with anyone outside PCBP, Inc.Use of CookiesOur site uses cookies to keep track of how customers are navigating our site and to provide you with personalized content. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If so, we will use a cookie to remember the login information you gave us so you don't have to enter that information each time you visit our site. If your browser is set to refuse cookies, you will be required to manually enter your login information to activate our Toolbox feature. If you are using a shared machine in a corporate or other environment, you should always log-out of your session to prevent unauthorized use of your personal information.Definition of a CookieA message given to a web browser by a web server. The browser stores the message in a text file called cookie.txt. The message is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.The main purpose of cookies is to identify users and possibly prepare customized web pages for them. When you enter a website using cookies, you may be asked to fill out a form providing such information as your name and interests. This information is packaged into a cookie and sent to your web browser, which stores it for later use. The next time you go to the same website, your browser will send the cookie to the web server. The server can use this information to present you with custom web pages. So, for example, instead of seeing just a generic welcome page you might see a welcome page with your name on it.The name cookie derives from UNIX objects called magic cookies. These are tokens that are attached to a user or program and change depending on the areas entered by the user or program. Cookies are also sometimes called persistent cookies because they typically stay in the browser for long periods of time.Definition Credits: Internet.com’s WebopediaCCPA PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA CONSUMERSRead the CCPA Privacy Notice here