http://www.cascadebank.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
Menu
Home
Banks
Contribute
Blog
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
Home »
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy:Cascade Bank ("Cascade Bank") operates Cascadebank.com and may operate other websites. It is Cascade Bank's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Cascade Bank collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Cascade Bank's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Cascade Bank's visitors use its website. From time to time, Cascade Bank may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Cascade Bank also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on Cascadebank.com blogs/sites. Cascade Bank only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Cascade Bank's websites choose to interact with Cascade Bank in ways that require Cascade Bank to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Cascade Bank gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at Cascadebank.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Cascade Bank are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Cascade Bank collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Cascade Bank. Cascade Bank does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Cascade Bank may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Cascade Bank may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Cascade Bank does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Cascade Bank discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Cascade Bank's behalf or to provide services available at Cascade Bank's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Cascade Bank's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Cascade Bank will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Cascade Bank discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Cascade Bank believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Cascade Bank, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Cascade Bank website and have supplied your email address, Cascade Bank may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Cascade Bank and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Cascade Bank takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Cascade Bank uses cookies to help Cascade Bank identify and track visitors, their usage of Cascade Bank website, and their website access preferences. Cascade Bank visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Cascade Bank's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Cascade Bank's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Cascade Bank, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Cascade Bank goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Cascade Bank may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Cascade Bank and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Cascade Bank may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Cascade Bank's sole discretion. Cascade Bank encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a Cascadebank.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Previous: Terms of Service
Next: Contact
Search for:
Social Media
Recent Post
How To Intelligently Improve Your Credit Score With Smart Money Secret
5 Important Things to Keep in Mind Before Applying for a Loan
HOW TO GET A BANK LOAN FOR YOUR SUPPLEMENTS COMPANY?
10 Ways You Can Prepare for Retirement Early
7 Things to Consider When Choosing a Student Bank Account
Subscribe to Blog via Email
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Email Address
Cascade Bank is a monthly magazine founded in 1992 by entrepreneurs Lance Dansk and Josef Gianelli. Its mission is to help bankers, corporate leaders, investors and all readers understand the trends in banking, loans, mortgages and all finance-related issues.
Calendar
December 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
« May
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031