http://www.keacampers.com/helpful-guides
Welcome to KEA Helpful Guides Are you looking for some information?
Maybe you are thinking about buying your first motorhome or maybe you want to learn more about solar power systems?Our helpful guides are here to help you buy and maintain your recreational vehicle, choose the right accessories and keep you informed about what is happening in the bustling motorhome industry.
We've also prepared some travel inspiration for you to try with your family and friends together.
Happy reading!
Recent GuidesTopics Buyer's guides Travel Inspiration How To Guides
LATEST
KEA Beach Motorhome Review Author: Peter Quilty Date Posted: 11th October 2020 Life’s a beach... and then you drive!
It’s a slight adaptation of a hackneyed phrase but it’s perfectly apt for potential buyers of the 7.25m (23ft 9in) KEA Beach 4-Berth motorhome, available from RV Sales Centre in Braybrook, Victoria.Read More
A One-stop Shop for Shiny New Toys Author: Cathy Anderson Date Posted: 11th October 2020 Everyone who buys a motorhome has a wish list - leather seats, toilet and shower or perhaps extensive water storage. But sometimes it’s not practical to buy the bells and whistles all at once.Read More
Meet the Motorhomes That Get a Modern-day ‘Makeover’ Author: Cathy Anderson Date Posted: 11th October 2020 Buying a new motorhome can sometimes be just out of reach. It can be tough to fit all your wish list items in with your budget, and bigger units in particular can demand a large chunk of your savings.Read More
Meet the Manufacturer Author: Cathy Anderson Date Posted: 11th October 2020 Tourism Holdings Limited (thl) is the world’s largest operator of motorhome rentals. In Australia, the company is well known for rental campervans thanks to its Maui, Britz and Mighty brands, but thl is also an Australian manufacturer of motorhomes.Read More
Rise of the Resort Park for Family Travelling Author: Kirstie Bedford Date Posted: 9th October 2020 The statistics say it all. Caravan parks are thriving, and they are evolving to suit customers who have increasingly high expectations.
Caravan Industry Association of Australia’s research shows the industry has been, on average, athe fastest growing domestic accommodation type for the past five years.Read More 1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
...