https://www.ice.edu/applicant-privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Skip to main site navigation
Skip to main content
Applicant Privacy StatementBreadcrumbHome
Applicant Privacy Statement
Last Updated: [7/1/20]This Applicant Privacy Statement (this “Statement”) applies to all of the information collected on this website (the “Site”) and otherwise by The Institute of Culinary Education (“Company”), including information submitted by you to facilitate your job application (“Applicant Personal Information”). The provisions of the Site’s general privacy statement at https://www.ice.edu/privacy and terms of use at https://www.ice.edu/legal should be read together with this Statement and are incorporated herein by reference.The Site is operated by Company in order to support its recruitment efforts. The Site is not intended for distribution or use in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation. Also, this Site does not extend binding offers or terms or conditions of employment. Any employment offer that may result from your submitting information in response to a job opening listed on this Site is in accordance with the specific terms of that offer and is not based in any way on the description of the job on this Site. Except as otherwise prohibited by law, nothing on this Site shall be construed as a contract of employment or as a guarantee of continued employment or employment for any specific duration. Employment with Company is "at will" and that generally cannot be modified by an employee or representative of Company. This means that, if you are hired, either you or Company may terminate your employment at any time without notice or cause.The Company operates in different locations across the United States. You understand and agree that, by applying through this Site for a particular position, your application also may be considered for other positions or other positions may be recommended to you based on your qualifications.Applicant Personal Information. The chart below describes the categories of Applicant Personal Information that may be collected in connection with the application and the purposes for which such information may be used.Categories of Personal Information CollectedIdentifiers and Contact information. This category includes names, addresses, telephone numbers, mobile numbers, email addresses, dates of birth, Social Security numbers, driver’s license or state identification numbers, and other similar contact information and identifiers.Protected classification information. This category includes characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law.Internet or other electronic network activity information. This category includes without limitation:all activity on the Company’s information systems, such as internet browsing history, search history, and email communicationsall activity on communications systems including phone calls, call logs, voice mails, text messages, chat logs, and app use.Geolocation data. This category includes GPS location data from company-issued mobile devices and company-owned vehicles.Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information. This category includes, for example, information collected from cameras and similar devices, and/or thermometers.Professional and employment-related information. This category includes, without limitation:data submitted with employment applications including employment history, recommendations, etc.background check and criminal historywork authorization fitness for duty data and reportssymptoms and other indicators of exposure to COVID-19travel information and information regarding close contactsEducation information. This category includes education history.Purposes Personal Information is Used.Collect and process employment applications, including confirming eligibility and qualifications for employment, background and related checks, checks regarding fitness for duty, as necessary.Evaluate an individual’s appropriateness for a particular position at the Company, or promotion to a new position.Communicate with you about your application.Maintaining personnel records and record retention requirements.Complying with applicable state and federal labor, employment, equal employment opportunity, and related laws, guidance, or recommendationsPreventing unauthorized access to or use of the Company’s property, including the Company’s information systems, electronic devices, network, and data.Investigating complaints, grievances, and suspected violations of Company policy.Protect the legal rights, privacy, safety or property of Company or its employees, agents, contractors, customers or the public.Protect against fraud or other illegal activity or for risk management purposes.Carry out a license, sale or transfer of all or a portion of the business or assets (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceeding), or manage or arrange for acquisitions, mergers and re-organizations.Design, implement, and promote the Company’s diversity and inclusion programs.Business management.Recruiting.Improve efficiency, logistics, and supply chain management.Enforce the Site’s terms of useWe do not require, but you may voluntarily choose to provide, other relevant information as part of your application. We would prefer that you avoid submitting the following sensitive information, except where such information is legally required, or needed for us to comply with our legal obligations and internal policies relating to diversity and anti-discrimination: medical or health information, family medical history, genetic information, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, marital status, trade union membership, sex life, creed, nationality, national origin, and/or color.Any information you submit must be true, complete, and not misleading, and you must have the lawful right to provide it. Provision of untrue, incomplete, or misleading information, or information you lack a lawful right to provide, may lead to a rejection of your application during the application process or disciplinary action including immediate dismissal if you have been employed. If you intend to provide us with details of a reference or any other third party as part of your CV/résumé, it is your responsibility to obtain consent from that third party prior to passing the personal information to us. If you become an employee, any personal information that you submit may become part of your employment file and may be used for other employment/work-related purposes as permitted by local law.To carry out the purposes outlined above, Company may share information with third parties, such as background check vendors, third-party human resources and information technology vendors, cloud service providers, recruiting companies, outside legal counsel, and state or federal governmental agencies. The Company may add to the categories of Applicant Personal Information it collects and the purposes for which it uses that information. In that event, the Company will inform you.By agreeing to this Statement, you agree to the transfer of Applicant Personal Information about you to countries outside your home country, including countries where data protection laws may differ from those of your home country. Statements here and elsewhere on the Site concerning the treatment of your information may not apply with respect to information already in Company's possession, such as information obtained by Company in connection with your current or former employment at Company, or information that is publicly available to Company.Data Retention. We are required to temporarily retain certain information relating to candidates applying for jobs. If there is no activity in relation to Applicant Personal Information, Company may remove it from its database, subject to Company’s data retention obligations and policies and any applicable legal or regulatory obligations or for the period of time permitted by local laws, for the purpose of considering whether your skills are suitable for other opportunities. Note that Company may delete personal information about you at any time (including your CV/résumé), without any reason. Therefore, please retain your own copy of the personal information provided to us.Consent. The provision of personal information, including on the Site, is voluntary. Please note however that the failure to provide sufficient information may result in Company being unable to consider you for employment, promotion, transfer, or relocation. Please read this Statement carefully and indicate your acceptance of our collection, retention, use, transfer and disclosure of Applicant Personal Information and the other provisions concerning your application as described in this Statement by completing and submitting your application on the Site. If you do not accept the terms you will not be allowed access to apply for a position online. Changes to Statement. We reserve the right to amend this Statement at any time without advance notice in order to address future developments of Company, the Site or changes in industry or legal trends. We will post the revised Statement on the Site or announce the change on the home page of the Site. You can determine when the Statement was revised by referring to the "Last Updated" legend on the top of this Statement. Any changes will become effective upon the posting of the revised Statement on the Site. By continuing to use the Site following such changes, you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes. If you do not agree with the terms of this Statement, in whole or part, you can choose to not continue using the Site.